By BRIAN MARKS and BRIAN GALLAGHER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  08:09, 27 June 2024   |  Updated:  08:45, 27 June 2024   
 46
View  comments
Khloé Kardashian was seen venturing out to shoot more of her series The Kardashians on Wednesday, shortly before an episode dropped in which her sister Kim Kardashian cruelly compared her to Brendan Fraser's eponymous character in The Whale.
Khloé was pictured meeting up with her sister Kourtney's former partner Scott Disick at his Calabasas Luxury Motors dealership, which wasn't far from her Hidden Hills home.
In Thursday's episode, the 39-year-old reality star got into an ugly confrontation with her sister Kim, 43, over her alleged refusal to leave her mansion after she seemingly split from Tristan Thompson for good.
As she lambasted Khloé for seemingly being aloof and failing to social, Kim compared her to Fraser's morbidly obese character, who no longer leaves his apartment due to his dangerously high weight.
But Khloé was out and looking her best while catching up with her good friend Scott at his dealership. 
Khloé Kardashian was seen venturing out to shoot more of her series The Kardashians on Wednesday, shortly before an episode dropped in which her sister Kim Kardashian cruelly compared her to Brendan Fraser's eponymous character in The Whale
Fraser won an Oscar for his acclaimed portrayal of Charlie, a morbidly obese English teacher who is ashamed of his appearance, in The Whale (pictured)
She highlighted her slim waist and bust by wearing a plunging brown sleeveless body suit. 
The Revenge Body star wore it under a pair of high-waisted acid wash jeans with blown-out knees that emphasized her hourglass figure.
Khloé stood tall in a set of clear open-toe heels, and she looked glamorous in dark brown aviator-style sunglasses.
The brunette beauty completed the summery look by styling her long, highlighted locks pin straight with a middle part to frame her elegant made-up face.
Her look was accessorized with a tiny brown Goyard handbag . 
She was seen walking outside the dealership, while Scott was pictured in the lobby and the auto bays as he chatted with another man.
The reality star and entrepreneur, who was caught using the Ozempic alternative Mounjaro in a Kardashians episode that aired in May, looked trim while wearing a long-sleeve charcoal shirt and navy blue cargo pants.
Scott appears to have little communication with his ex Kourtney outside of raising their three children now, but he has remained good friends with her sisters, particularly Khloé. 
Her latest confrontation on The Kardashians with her sister has been brewing all season, as Kim has repeatedly complained about how Khloé allegedly never leaves her home following her latest split from Tristan.
Khloe — who recently made headlines for defending her choice to let her daughter True, six, wear makeup — has stated repeatedly, in every episode, that she's happy at home.
Before a family trip to Aspen, Kim confronted Khloe about her homebody ways, even comparing her to Brendan Fraser's title character in The Whale.
Fraser won an Oscar for his acclaimed portrayal of Charlie, a morbidly obese English teacher who is ashamed of his appearance. 
Khloé highlighted her trim figure in a plunging brown sleeveless bodysuit that she wore under blown-out high-waisted acid wash jeans
Khloé was pictured meeting up with her sister Kourtney's former partner Scott Disick at his Calabasas Luxury Motors dealership, which wasn't far from her Hidden Hills home
Scott, who was caught using the Ozempic alternative Mounjaro in a Kardashians episode that aired in May, looked trim while wearing a long-sleeve charcoal shirt and navy blue cargo pants
Scott appears to have little communication with his ex Kourtney outside of raising their three children now, but he has remained good friends with her sisters, particularly Khloé
The growing conflict between Kim Kardashian and Khloe Kardashian intensified on this week's episode of The Kardashians
Kim, 43, has been talking all season about how Khloe never leaves her Hidden Hills house and won't get out there again after she split with Tristan Thompson for good
Khloe — who recently made headlines for defending daughter True, six, wearing makeup — has stated repeatedly, in every episode, that she's happy at home
Before the family trip to Aspen, Kim confronted Khloe about her homebody ways, even comparing her to Brendan Fraser 's title character in The Whale
'Khloe has really been pissing me off lately, so we're going to Aspen and I just want to get some things off my chest and just really clear the air with her before we go,' Kim says in confession.
Back in her bedroom, Kim tells Khloe, 'Well, I have a bone to pick with you,' as Khloe says, 'What now?'
'Just about your delivery on things. The other day when you called me and asked me if you could do Chi's hair, I don't know if condescending's the word, but you're very like shaming, like, "Can I do Chi's hair? Do you mind?" And you're like, "'Cause her hair has like so much product in it," and I'm just like, "I know,"' which clearly confuses Khloe.
Kim admits in confession, 'I had a really hard week, so I said to my mom, can you please watch my two little ones, I'll send them over and can you get them ready for school? Chicago put in this hair gel in her hair on the way out the door, and I was like, honestly, who cares, my mom can slick her hair in a ponytail, who cares. So Khloe facetimes me and is like, 'I had to go over to mom's and help her get your kids ready, and Chicago's hair? The hair gel?'
Back at Kim's house, Kim says, 'You were calling to not really ask me if you could do her hair but to let me know that her hair wasn't washed.'
Khloe retorts, 'No, I actually wanted to know. If you don't care if I do it, next time I will not ask you and I'll just do the hair, but if also then I do it, you're gonna say, 'Why'd you touch that?'
Kim shakes her head and says, 'That was an extremely hard week and you were like, 'Do you mind if I do her hair cause it's nasty.'
Khloe retorts, 'All I said was do you mind if I do Chicago's hair, cause I didn't know if… you are particular.'
Back in her bedroom, Kim tells Khloe, 'Well, I have a bone to pick with you,' as Khloe says, 'What now?'
Khloe retorts, 'All I said was do you mind if I do Chicago's hair, cause I didn't know if… you are particular
Khloe retorts, 'No, I actually wanted to know. If you don't care if I do it, next time I will not ask you and I'll just do the hair, but if also then I do it, you're gonna say, 'Why'd you touch that?'
'I know her hair looked s****y, thank you for reminding me that I didn't have the time to do her f***ing hair one night before bed and wash it,' Kim says as Khloe looks even more confused.
'What are we even talking about here? I actually thought we were good. I did Chi's hair and took the kids to school and like that was really it. I had no idea she was holding on to this,' Khloe says in confession.
Khloe tells Kim, 'It sounds like you're dealing with a bunch of your own bulls**t and you decided like harvest this and build up all this animosity towards me when this is a you f***ing problem.'
Kim doesn't respond and Khloe adds, 'I swear you just wanna project whatever you're going through and take it out on me and I could handle it but only for so long. I'm not gonna be here all day, so if you need to slap me or something, do it.'
Kim just smirks as Khloe adds, 'I wasn't trying to shame you. You think I was trying to shame you to do your daughter's hair? If you think I would shame you, why would I shame you?'
'For not having the time to wash her hair the night before,' Kim says, as Khloe adds, 'That's your own insecurity. I never said anything about that.'
Kim seemingly mimics Khloe saying, 'I would have never let my kid go to bed with hair gel,' as Khloe insists, 'I never said that! Did I ever say that?'
'It's the tone, it's just the tone,' Kim explains, as she adds in confession, 'Maybe you wouldn't have such a stick up your a** over hair gel if you lived your life a little bit. Interact with other human beings besides the children and your family all day long. We're great, I know, but you need some other human interaction.'
'What are we even talking about here? I actually thought we were good. I did Chi's hair and took the kids to school and like that was really it. I had no idea she was holding on to this,' Khloe says in confession
'It's the tone, it's just the tone,' Kim explains, as she adds in confession, 'Maybe you wouldn't have such a stick up your a** over hair gel if you lived your life a little bit. Interact with other human beings besides the children and your family all day long. We're great, I know, but you need some other human interaction'
Back in her bedroom, Kim says, 'You need to live your life,' as Khloe whispers, 'Wow.'
Kim continues, 'You have the world at your fingertips but you won't go see the world. You won't let yourself go out there to go find someone or even like a group of friends like The Lifers like try to pull you in.'
'I went out!' Khloe insists, as Kim says, 'But, you walked in, 'Good night, you want to see Allison's house?' mimicking her facetime with True.
'It's like her big party, and it doesn't matter but you were like, 'Allison, say hi to True, say hi to Tatum,' as Khloe explains, 'She asked who I was talking to.'
Kim adds, 'She was like so excited that you were there and then you were like, 'I've gotta go, I have a schedule, this one went to bed at this time and this one went to bed at this time.'
Khloe retorts, 'I feel like I was talking to everyone the whole night,' as Kim says, 'No, I know but was like little things were I was just like… be present. It's like The Whale. The guy won't leave his house cause he's, you know…' as Khloe says, 'I'm Brendan Fraser?'
'I'm just saying… I don't know why that came to mind,' Kim says, as Khloe adds, 'Oh I thought you were gonna say I look like a whale, I'm like what.'
Kim says, 'You don't realize that sometimes you have a stick up your a** and it's like sometimes you're like, God, she just needs to get f***ed,' as Khloe adds, 'Maybe.'
Back in her bedroom, Kim says, 'You need to live your life,' as Khloe whispers, 'Wow' 
Khloe retorts, 'I feel like I was talking to everyone the whole night,' as Kim says, 'No, I know but was like little things were I was just like… be present. It's like The Whale. The guy won't leave his house cause he's, you know…' as Khloe says, 'I'm Brendan Fraser?'
Kim continues, 'Like you just need to get away from your kids… a pure getaway, not dinner facetime them, walking them and showing them a house tour.'
Khloe adds in confession, 'Like, talk about mom-shaming, what the f**k are you doing to me? It's just reverse mom-shaming! You're shaming me for being a helicopter mom or whatever you want to call me, and you're claiming I'm shaming you for not being more of a strict parent, or whatever you're claiming at this point, that you're not brushing Chi's hair, which, obviously, you brush Chicago's hair, there's just a lot of f***ing gel.'
Kim continues in the bedroom, 'You have like no… you're just like fine in Hidden Hills, your kids rule your life, oh I have a schedule! I have somewhere to be! It's crazy.'
Back in confession, Khloe continues, 'My sisters always say I'm so rigid or I have such a strict schedule with my kids. I don't think I have such a strict schedule, I just have A schedule. Like we have a time to wake up so we can get ready for school, do hair, breakfast, then after school we normally have like an extracurricular activity. We do have dinner around 6, 6:30. It's not like, if you're not at dinner at 6:01, you're disciplined, like I don't know what she thinks. Why are we constantly nitpicking what I do in my personal house if I'm not asking you to live the same life? Can't we all just be, I don't know, like the moms we want to be?'
Back in the bedroom, Kim starts laughing and Khloe says, 'Think whatever you want. Laugh as much as you want about me, I don't give a s**t. Get it out!'
'I feel bad for you,' Kim admits, before practically shouting, 'Live your f***ing life! Get out!'
Khloe adds in confession, 'If this is like the start of what the Aspen trip is going to be like, I don't want to be involved.
Khloe gets up and says, 'I don't even want to go on this f***ing trip with you because all you're gonna do is pick on me,' while lightly pushing Kim down on the bed while walking away and saying, 'Honestly you're such a b***h to me these days.'
Khloe adds in confession, 'Like, talk about mom-shaming, what the f**k are you doing to me? It's just reverse mom-shaming! You're shaming me for being a helicopter mom or whatever you want to call me, and you're claiming I'm shaming you for not being more of a strict parent, or whatever you're claiming at this point, that you're not brushing Chi's hair, which, obviously, you brush Chicago's hair, there's just a lot of f***ing gel'
Kim adds, 'I mean, she doesn't want to go to Aspen now? Grow the f**k up. It's like so ridiculous.'
The episode begins with Khloe and Kim hanging out as they decide to check on Kourtney, as Khloe admits, 'She never answers for me these days.'
'What? I feel like I talk to her 100 million times a day,' Kim insists, as they both call at the same time… and Kourtney answers for Kim.
'What a f***ing snake,' Khloe jokes, as Kourtney says, 'My phone is not on loud. I'm trying to like breastfeed and just saw this pop up.'
'How's the babe?' Khloe asks as Kourtney says, 'He's perfect,' while Khloe adds in confession, 'Kourtney had her baby last month and we're all so excited.'
Kourtney says on the phone, 'I'm like multitasking,' as Kim says, 'Multitasking at its finest.'
Kim adds in confession, 'Kourtney is loving being a mom, a mom times four is like the best,' as Khloe adds, 'I'm just so happy for her. This is like all she's wanted for so so long.'
Kim asks Kourtney, 'Can you believe you're a mom of four? Sometimes I'm like, 'Damn, I wish I could do it all over.' The one thing I would do is be so strict from the start.'
'What a f***ing snake,' Khloe jokes, as Kourtney says, 'My phone is not on loud. I'm trying to like breastfeed and just saw this pop up'
A confused Khloe asks, 'What do you mean? With your diet?' Kim says, 'With rules and like strict with the kid,' as Khloe asked, 'Are we well?'
'I'm not saying right now,' Kim says, as Khloe insists, 'You could still start!' but Kim brushes her off, as Kourtney adds, 'I'm doing where you stay home for 40 days and 40 nights.'
Kourtney adds in confession, 'In many different cultures, women don't leave the house after having a baby for 40 days, to let your body have that time to heal, and beyond that, I'm really into attachment parenting. I really don't separate from him. I love being at home right now, like my time is dedicated to taking care of my baby and bond with him.'
Khloe jokes that after the 40 days are up, 'Then you're gonna go to a rave,' as Kourtney says, 'No, I just feel like I don't even wanna go anywhere still.'
'Welcome to my daily life. I haven't had a baby and I'm still doing the 40 days,' Khloe says, as Kourtney admits what she does all day.
'I watch these YouTubes where it's like Christmas scenes with Christmas songs,' as Khloe asks, 'Wait, do you feel like you're gonna make it to the Christmas Eve party?'
'I haven't really decided, I just wanna see how I'm feeling,' Kourtney tells her sisters, while adding in confession, 'Normally, I plan the Christmas Eve party. I do everything, I'm super detailed about it. But this year, because I'm a new mommy, I have given Christmas Eve over to Kim.'
Kourtney tells Kim and Khloe, 'OK, well, I think I'm going to go back to my blissful baby bubble' as they say their goodbyes.
Kourtney adds in confession, 'In many different cultures, women don't leave the house after having a baby for 40 days, to let your body have that time to heal, and beyond that, I'm really into attachment parenting. I really don't separate from him. I love being at home right now, like my time is dedicated to taking care of my baby and bond with him'
The episode cuts to Khloe's house, where she's helping True pour some tea, as Khloe adds in confession, 'For some reason, I keep getting dissected and scrutinized for being too mommy. Like, you spend too much time with your kids. You never want to be social. You don't have any friends. But for me, I genuinely feel like I was made to be a mom, and there's no other place I'd rather be than here with my kids.'
She's seen enjoying a meal with her kids True and Tatum, as she admits, 'But there's gonna be a time when my kids are gonna wanna choose their friends over me, and right now when I have the opportunity and the privilege of having dinner with my kids every night, I'm gonna take advantage of that. In 15 years, my kids are never gonna be like, 'I really wish you worked more. Remember that time when you were at work late?' They're gonna be like, 'Why the f**k weren't you there?'
True gives Tatum a small broccoli but Tatum pushes it away and says, 'No,' as Khloe adds, 'No thank you.'
Khloe continues in confession, 'I know that everyone is rooting for me and wants me to go out and party,' as they show a flashback to two months ago when Kim calls her from Paris and says, 'I wish you were here. I want you to know you don't leave the house, you're not gonna meet anyone.'
Khloe retorts, 'I don't feel like the 12-hour trip to Paris though was gonna…' as Kim adds, 'That's the funnest part. You meet someone, you get excited…' as Khloe adds, 'In 12 hours? I can barely get my p***y wet in 12 hours.'
Khloe adds in confession, 'And trust me, when I get an urge to go out or be seen or be in the streets, I know how to do it. I've done it way longer than half you hoes.'
Back at Khloe's house, Tatum points at the camera and says, 'Mama,' as Khloe explains, 'Camera,' and tells him to say Hi, which he does.
Khloe asks True if she's eating or drinking, and True says she's drinking, asn Khloe says, 'I need you to eat,' adding, 'OK, I'm gonna take this until you eat something.'
She's seen enjoying a meal with her kids True and Tatum, as she admits, 'But there's gonna be a time when my kids are gonna wanna choose their friends over me, and right now when I have the opportunity and the privilege of having dinner with my kids every night, I'm gonna take advantage of that
'My sisters and I all have different households, we raise our kids differently. I'm not judging. If everyone's happy and healthy and great, then wonderful, but my type of parenting is we do everything by a schedule. Like my kids do love the security, if you will, of knowing, 'OK, after I take a bath, I know it's time to get in my pajamas and lay in bed and watch TV with my mommy.' Like it works for me and my family.'
Khloe tells her kids, 'So you know I'm leaving to go to Aspen with Lovey and your aunties, adding she's coming back in a couple of days, and this trip is, 'just adults.'
Khloe explains in confession, 'After Christmas and New Years, my family and I are gonna go on a family trip to Aspen and have family time with no kids and just be with one another and just enjoy.
True and Tatum and Khloe's niece Dream (her brother Rob Kardashian's daughter) have a dance party as Khloe adds in confession, 'Listen, my kids are 6 and almost 2. Who knows in two or three years if I'm gonna go, 'OK, I need more of a social life…' I don't know, but right now, this is what makes me happy and this is where my heart wants to be.'
The episode transitions to Kim, as they show her preparations for the Christmas Eve party, as Kim is told that there will be carolers by her event planner Mindy Weiss.
'I'm in the middle of planning Christmas Eve with Mindy Weiss, the official Kardashian-Jenner party planner,' Kim says in confession.
They show a shot from two weeks ago where Kim is shown what some of the white foliage will look like, as Kim says, 'As long as it just looks like white snow like those pictures, even if it's real snow coming in on the day.'
Kim adds in confession, 'I just have a full White Christmas vision,' as she explains in a meeting, 'So my other idea was either like the winter wonderland or cover the whole house to look like gingerbread houses.'
True and Tatum and Khloe's niece Dream (her brother Rob Kardashian's daughter) have a dance party as Khloe adds in confession, 'Listen, my kids are 6 and almost 2. Who knows in two or three years if I'm gonna go, 'OK, I need more of a social life…' I don't know, but right now, this is what makes me happy and this is where my heart wants to be'
The episode transitions to Kim, as they show her preparations for the Christmas Eve party, as Kim is told that there will be carolers by her event planner Mindy Weiss
She goes in and sees the progress of the gingerbread houses, adding, 'Oh my God I haven't seen any of this! It looks amazing.'
Kim looks up and see the 'starry night' and says that is, 'everything,' while Mindy tells her it will, 'all light up.'
'And then, we're gonna fill up the tree with presents tonight, right?' Kim asks, adding, 'Cause I wanna fill it all with the white presents.'
Kris Jenner adds in confession, 'Oh the wrapping paper. Kim kind of sets the bar really high, which has really made us more creative… but competitive.'
Kim says in confession, 'The last few years, my mom just copies what I do the year before, but changes the color.'
Kourtney says, 'Mine is always better. I always like to do recycled wrapping paper,' as Khloe adds, 'Kim is ridiculous, her wrapping this year. I mean they were f***ing cotton jersey t-shirts, like whatever you're trying to claim you're recycling. But it was better than the year they used velcro for everything.'
Kylie adds in confession, 'I think the best wrapping paper is between me and Kendall, always, period.'
Kendall adds, 'I'm not competitive about s**t. I just know that my wrapping is the best.'
Kim looks up and see the 'starry night' and says that is, 'everything,' while Mindy tells her it will, 'all light up'
Mindy shows Kim the way to their sled slope, adding they are 'hoping' there will be snow, though, as Kim reveals in confession, Mother Nature may have a say in that.
'It is starting to like pour in L.A., torrential rains, and if it's raining this close up to Christmas Eve, there's no way they can bring in the real snow, and that would ruin the our whole party, so it's very frustrating. I am just praying because if it rains we're f***ed.'
Kim tells the camera at her house, 'As much as I want there to be rain in California, this is just… I've gotta think of something else, and fast, so I'm freaking out.'
On the day of the Christmas Eve party, they're seen making the snow and putting everything together, as Kim says in confession, 'The party is about to start, it's going to be so amazing,' as Mindy tells Kim inside, 'It looks like the rain is stopping.'
'We had no rain issues. It is a full winter wonderland here,' as they show the house and gingerbread motif.
'Mindy and her whole team really exceeded my expectations,' Kim adds in confession as they show more shots of the party.
'We are at our annual Christmas Eve party and we are so excited. I mean this literally what we look forward to all year round,' Khloe says in confession.
Kylie adds, 'Christmas Eve is such a special night. Our friends are here, family is here, and it's just the best night ever.'
On the day of the Christmas Eve party, they're seen making the snow and putting everything together, as Kim says in confession, 'The party is about to start, it's going to be so amazing,' as Mindy tells Kim inside, 'It looks like the rain is stopping'
'We had no rain issues. It is a full winter wonderland here,' as they show the house and gingerbread motif
Kim adds, 'It's honestly such an amazing night. Our kids are running around everywhere, I'm sledding with Paris (Hilton) like we do 
Kim adds, 'It's honestly such an amazing night. Our kids are running around everywhere, I'm sledding with Paris (Hilton) like we do. Babyface and Wanya (Morris) from Boyz II Men and Tank are gonna perform. It's just so much fun. We're dancing all night, we're eating the best food.'
Kourtney adds in confession, 'I've never missed a Christmas Eve, and because I'm a new mom, I almost thought about missing Christmas Eve, but I felt like it would be really important for all of our kids, to be there with them and have that memory.'
Kim says, 'I mean, the best part of these parties is just that my whole family is here and it's a memory that we all have together. We get super dressed up and it's super fancy, we love it and we just have such a good time together.'
Kris adds in confession, 'I love Christmas. It's so special, so important. We all turn into four-year-olds. We all believe in Santa. I love the memories that we make. We feel so special, so lucky, and we're all together. It doesn't get any better than that.
The episode cuts to two weeks later where Kendall and Kylie are shooting a video for Kendall's 818 tequila brand, as Kylie adds in confession, 'And Kendall of course called me because I'm a master chef.'
Kendall says into the camera, 'Hey guys. Welcome to 818, as we like to cleverly call it. I am so excited. Today we're gonna make the cutest pasta of all time, with my sister Kylie.'
Kylie says in confession, 'I love cooking. I cook for my kids, it brings me so much joy, so I'm here to help my sister.'
Kendall says at her home, 'She's a way better cook than me, so I figured I'd invite her,' as Kylie says, 'But this is the moment that we've all been waiting for. Everyone's been asking for you to have a cooking show.'
Kim says, 'Babyface and Wanya (Morris) from Boyz II Men and Tank are gonna perform. It's just so much fun. We're dancing all night, we're eating the best food.'
Kim adds, 'It's honestly such an amazing night. Our kids are running around everywhere, I'm sledding with Paris (Hilton) like we do. Babyface and Wanya (Morris) from Boyz II Men and Tank are gonna perform. It's just so much fun. We're dancing all night, we're eating the best food'
The episode cuts to two weeks later where Kendall and Kylie are shooting a video for Kendall's 818 tequila brand, as Kylie adds in confession, 'And Kendall of course called me because I'm a master chef.'
Kendall says into the camera, 'Hey guys. Welcome to 818, as we like to cleverly call it. I am so excited. Today we're gonna make the cutest pasta of all time, with my sister Kylie.'
Kendall says at her home, 'She's a way better cook than me, so I figured I'd invite her,' as Kylie says, 'But this is the moment that we've all been waiting for. Everyone's been asking for you to have a cooking show'
'No, that's not true. No. I appreciate the lies, 'Kendall says, as Kylie says, 'We've all seen the cucumber,' as they show Kendall's infamous cucumber cutting video.
Kylie says in the kitchen, 'Kendall is the best sous chef and helps me for the past two years on Thanksgiving,' as Kendall says, 'I'm gonna cry. That is so nice.'
Kendall explains, 'We thought we ruined Christmas this year, but we did not, and if anyone wants to know the results of what happened on Christmas, we kind of documented a little bit.'
They show video of them making 'beeshee,' as Kendall says, 'First time making beeshee, we have no idea what we're doing.'
Kylie adds in confession, 'My sisters describe beeshee as like an Armenian pancake,' while back in the kitchen, Kylie admits, 'Honestly, I've never liked the family beeshee, you know this. I had like two servings of our beeshee and I'm like, 'This is what it's supposed to taste like? Like fluffy and just like mmm.'
Kendall adds, 'We blew Kourtney's beeshee out of the water, let's be honest. Ours was incredible,' as Kylie says, 'People are still talking about it.'
They show a video of Kourtney making her beeshee, as she says, 'Every Christmas, I'm responsible for making my grandma's famous beeshee recipe.
Kourtney says in confession, 'My grandmother taught me how to make beeshee. I'm the only one she taught in our whole family. She's no longer with us, but I know she's very proud of my beeshee skills. There's not a chance that Kendall and Kylie - who have never met my grandma and never had a lesson from her - could make beeshee better than me.'
Kylie adds in confession, 'My sisters describe beeshee as like an Armenian pancake,' while back in the kitchen, Kylie admits, 'Honestly, I've never liked the family beeshee, you know this. I had like two servings of our beeshee and I'm like, 'This is what it's supposed to taste like? Like fluffy and just like mmm'
They bring up Kourtney in a video mentioning that Kendall and Kylie's beeshee had a hair in it, as Kendall says, 'She looks up at me and she goes, 'Kendall! Kylie! There's a hair in my beeshee!' And she pulls it out and we're like, 'That's your recipe babe. It's not ours. For a fact.'
Kourtney continues in confession, 'There's no way that there was a hair found in my beeshee. Like that's ridiculous.'
Back in the kitchen, Kendall and Kylie enjoy their pasta over tequila drinks before the episode transitions back to Kim, who is hanging out with her son Saint and Khloe.
She snuggles with Saint a bit before telling him to tell Khloe he loves her as he does and says, 'Peace out,' before running away.
The episode transitions to Kourtney as her mom Kris comes to visit, as Kris says in confession, 'I love that I live so close to my kids. It's really great to be able to pop in when I want, see the kids when I want.'
Kris finds Kourtney pushing Rocky in a stroller, as Kourtney says she's taking the elevator upstairs.
Kris walks up and finds a number of stylists as Kris tries on some sunglasses and Kourtney explains, 'So I'm doing a fitting for the Emmy's. Travis, he's performing I think the opening the show to like a Phil Collins song.
'Just opening the Emmy's, so no big deal,' Kris jokes, as Kourtney adds, 'It's quick, so we're there, we're in and out, I don't even think we're gonna stay and watch, cause of my breastfeeding schedule.'
The episode transitions to Kourtney as her mom Kris comes to visit, as Kris says in confession, 'I love that I live so close to my kids. It's really great to be able to pop in when I want, see the kids when I want'
Kris finds Kourtney pushing Rocky in a stroller, as Kourtney says she's taking the elevator upstairs
Kourtney continues in confession, 'There's no way that there was a hair found in my beeshee. Like that's ridiculous'
'Just opening the Emmy's, so no big deal,' Kris jokes, as Kourtney adds, 'It's quick, so we're there, we're in and out, I don't even think we're gonna stay and watch, cause of my breastfeeding schedule'
Kourtney adds in confession, 'For the past two months, I have loved being at home with the baby and I don't want to leave. I'm starting to get a bit of anxiety about going back into the world.'
Kourtney tells everyone that she, 'still has 10 pounds, if I care to get back to my pre-pregnancy weight,' as Kris says, 'Of course you care.'
'I care to get back, but I'm breastfeeding so I'm taking my time and they say to keep your vagina intact. You should not jump or run for like six months.'
A producer asks in confession what 'keeping your vagina intact' means, as Kourtney explains, 'Well, you can have prolapse, which is where you vagina can like fall out I think.'
She adds in confession, 'Supposedly, there's things you can do to keep it up there,' as Kris tells her, 'That makes sense. You should do Pilates.'
Kourtney says, 'So I'm doing Pilates tomorrow. Yeah, I've just been walking. So we're doing the Emmy's and then, did I tell you I'm going to Australia for a month?'
'Is that already happening?' Kris asks, as Kourtney explains in confession, 'Travis has tour this year with Blink-182 and they are going to Australia for the whole month of February. Our baby will be three months old but it was kind of always my plan to bring him and go on tour.'
Kourtney comes out wearing a corset and a black bra and panties as Kris says, 'Look at that body! You're killing it!'
Kourtney adds in confession, 'For the past two months, I have loved being at home with the baby and I don't want to leave. I'm starting to get a bit of anxiety about going back into the world'
Kourtney tells everyone that she, 'still has 10 pounds, if I care to get back to my pre-pregnancy weight,' as Kris says, 'Of course you care.'
'I care to get back, but I'm breastfeeding so I'm taking my time and they say to keep your vagina intact. You should not jump or run for like six months.'
She adds in confession, 'Supposedly, there's things you can do to keep it up there,' as Kris tells her, 'That makes sense. You should do Pilates.'
Kourtney comes out wearing a corset and a black bra and panties as Kris says, 'Look at that body! You're killing it!'
'Isn't it crazy they can do that with a corset?' Kourtney asks, as Kris says, 'It's crazy how the body snaps back.
Kris asks, 'Can you breathe?' Kourtney says, 'No, but I can't breathe when my boobs are this humongous and filled with milk and veins,' as Kris says, 'Lovely.'
Kourtney adds in confession, 'My priority is not bouncing back and getting my body back in shape like it has been in the past. I remember after having Mason that it used to be a really big thing to talk about how soon can you bounce back? Everyone would do magazine covers. I did a magazine cover in a bikini and stressing myself out to eat a certain diet. This time I'm all about just nourishing my body and eating the best foods to keep up my milk supply.'
Kourtney tells Kris of her prospective Emmy's look, 'So I think it's gotta be a suit,' as Kris agrees and says the (Yves) Saint Laurent suit, 'is the perfect choice' and it, 'makes perfect sense.'
Kris asks Kourtney if she is going to come to Aspen with the family but Kourtney says, 'I don't think I can, like I just think it's a lot for me.'
Kris retorts, 'Well, you could bring your boobs and a nanny,' as Kourtney says, 'I don't really have a nanny yet. I've literally been on my own. Also he hasn't flown yet, I don't know. Travis is like protective over the baby and so even when we walk like down the street he's like, 'Bring security. There's loose dogs and there's coyotes and there's mountain lions or whatever.'
Kris agrees, stating, 'I wouldn't walk around with no security if I had a baby,' as Kourtney continues, 'So I think he feels the same way about me getting on a plane without him, for the first flight,' as Kris says, 'Yeah, I get it.'
Kourtney continues in confession, 'I'm definitely not gonna make it to Aspen this year. It's too soon. I don't feel like going. I'm breastfeeding. I can't ski. I don't want to be away from the baby and it's too much.'
'Isn't it crazy they can do that with a corset?' Kourtney asks, as Kris says, 'It's crazy how the body snaps back.
Kris asks, 'Can you breathe?' Kourtney says, 'No, but I can't breathe when my boobs are this humongous and filled with milk and veins,' as Kris says, 'Lovely.'
Kourtney adds in confession, 'My priority is not bouncing back and getting my body back in shape like it has been in the past. I remember after having Mason that it used to be a really big thing to talk about how soon can you bounce back? Everyone would do magazine covers. I did a magazine cover in a bikini and stressing myself out to eat a certain diet. This time I'm all about just nourishing my body and eating the best foods to keep up my milk supply'
Kris asks Kourtney if she is going to come to Aspen with the family but Kourtney says, 'I don't think I can, like I just think it's a lot for me'
Kourtney continues in confession, 'I'm definitely not gonna make it to Aspen this year. It's too soon. I don't feel like going. I'm breastfeeding. I can't ski. I don't want to be away from the baby and it's too much'
Kourtney says she's going to finish her fitting as Kris tells her to send her a picture of the suit, telling her, 'You look great, like wow.'
The episode cuts to a private hangar, where the family arrives for their trip to Aspen, including Khloe, despite hinting that she might skip the trip.
Khloe adds in confession, 'I wasn't sure if I was actually gonna go on this trip, because Kim is being a petty little b***h, but I just didn't want Kim and her bad attitude and her negativity and her bitchiness to like take away this trip for me and the rest of my family and me hanging with everybody else.'
Kim says in confession, 'We're going to Aspen, Khloe's here, life is good. I can't believe she showed up. I honestly can't believe Kylie showed up.'
Kylie says in confession, 'I am very excited. I've been wanting to go to Aspen this year. I try to snowboard at least once a year and I'm just feeling blessed to be around family.'
They are told by a stewardess that there is going to be a 30-minute delay because of weather… as they cut to 48 minutes later and the plane is still on the ground.
The captain is heard saying, 'I just need the visibility in Rifle to get a little bit better for us to get in there, because right now the only airport in that area that I can get into is Grand Junction.'
Kendall asks how far Grand Junction is from Aspen and Kris says, 'It's at least a three-hour drive with the snow.'
Kourtney says she's going to finish her fitting as Kris tells her to send her a picture of the suit, telling her, 'You look great, like wow'
The episode cuts to a private hangar, where the family arrives for their trip to Aspen, including Khloe, despite hinting that she might skip the trip
Khloe adds in confession, 'I wasn't sure if I was actually gonna go on this trip, because Kim is being a petty little b***h, but I just didn't want Kim and her bad attitude and her negativity and her bitchiness to like take away this trip for me and the rest of my family and me hanging with everybody else.'
'I don't think that's safe. I don't like to drive in the snow. The last time I was in Aspen there were three crashes just around. My assistant crashed,' Kylie says.
Kylie is told not to talk about crashing while they're on a grounded private jet, as Kylie says, 'I'm just saying I don't want to drive three hours in the snow.'
Kris says in confession, 'Kylie's anxiety is kicking in and I totally understand. You know, there's a lot of moving pieces right now.'
Kylie tells everyone, 'I'm here, I'm ready, I'm packed, I'm ready to go. I'm not going to Grand Junction,' as they cut to 23 minutes later.
The pilot says, 'I think the best bet is to let me launch to Grand Junction and let me see what that weather is looking like,' adding he'll be checking in along the way.
Kendall asks if he's 'positive' that he can make Grand Junction and the pilot says, 'Oh, 100%,' and Kendall says, 'Oh, then let's just go.'
Kylie says in confession, 'I'm really good with flying, I am now. I wasn't in the past, a few years ago, I've gotten much better, but I am having a lot of anxiety.'
Kylie tells everyone on the plane, 'I've been having a really bad feeling for the last two days,' as everyone says, 'Kylie, why would you say that?'
'I don't think that's safe. I don't like to drive in the snow. The last time I was in Aspen there were three crashes just around. My assistant crashed,' Kylie says
Kylie adds she, 'couldn't even sleep last night,' as Kendall says, 'Kylie, the fact that you even put that out in the universe is one of the weirdest things,' while Khloe agrees, 'That's a terrible thing to say.'
Kylie asks, 'What am I supposed to say? Just keep it inside?' and they all say 'Yes' as Kendall says, 'You're not supposed to speak it into existence.'
Kylie says in confession, 'I'm just not comfortable right now and I'm thinking about my kids. I may be dramatic but I feel like something isn't safe.'
Kylie tells them all, 'I just have a really bad feeling,' as the family isn't sure how to react, as Kylie adds, 'I don't like these series of events. I think I'm going to get off.'
Kim insists, 'Everything's going to be fine,' as Kris says, 'We can go and fly to Grand Junction,' but Kylie says, 'I don't want to go.'
'I just have a lot of anxiety,' Kylie adds as Khloe tells her to, 'tell the guy' that she wants to get off, since they have started taxiing down the runway.
Kris says in confession, 'The minute Kylie says turn the plane around I want to get off, I know she's serious, and I know the anxiety is overwhelming because now she's really worried.'
Kris tells the stewardess that Kylie wants to get off the plane, as Kendall says, 'We're already taxiing now we have to go back in.'
Kylie tells everyone on the plane, 'I've been having a really bad feeling for the last two days,' as everyone says, 'Kylie, why would you say that?'
Kylie tells them all, 'I just have a really bad feeling,' as the family isn't sure how to react, as Kylie adds, 'I don't like these series of events. I think I'm going to get off'
Kris tells the stewardess that Kylie wants to get off the plane, as Kendall says, 'We're already taxiing now we have to go back in'
Kendall adds in confession, 'I've known Kylie since the day she was born and I'm not discrediting her panic. I don't know why she does this, but it's part of a pattern for her. She's done this many, many times. I think she just thinks she can get away with whatever.'
Kylie is talking on the phone with Kris, while Kim and Kendall start complaining as the plane remains on the ground.
'But it's always like this. Everyone always… it's always f***ing like this,' Kim says, as Kendall adds, 'The fact that she always gets out of this s**t is very f***ing annoying.'
Kris adds in confession, 'I know the other girls are frustrated, but it's one of my babies. Of course I'm gonna understand and not get mad at her. I don't want her to feel anxious.'
Kris tries to pass the phone to Kendall, but she vehemently refuses, saying, 'I'm the wrong one. I'm the wrong one.'
Kris asks Kylie if she could find a ride back to the airport she'd still love for her to join them, but Khloe snaps, 'Why don't you just hang up the phone? She's not getting on, just move on,' as Kim jokes, 'And you're never getting your luggage back.'
They all start yelling that they're going to wear her clothes as Kris says they're about to take off and hangs up.
'This is gonna be a great trip,' Khloe says, as Kris says in confession, 'I just hope she'll figure it out, calm down, change her mind and join us in Aspen,' as the plane takes off.
Kendall adds in confession, 'I've known Kylie since the day she was born and I'm not discrediting her panic. I don't know why she does this, but it's part of a pattern for her. She's done this many, many times. I think she just thinks she can get away with whatever.'
The plane lands as Kim says in confession, 'We made it to Aspen, minus one. It's like so ironic that we're like, 'Kylie never shows up.' Well, she technically didn't, she didn't follow through, but I still hope Kylie shows up'
The plane lands as Kim says in confession, 'We made it to Aspen, minus one. It's like so ironic that we're like, 'Kylie never shows up.' Well, she technically didn't, she didn't follow through, but I still hope Kylie shows up.'
They all get in a waiting SUV as Kris reads them a text from Kylie about the jokes they made about her luggage.
'Kylie said, 'Some of those outfits on the plane are my Paris stuff from designers. I packed some for Aspen so I know they were kidding but make sure no one actually wears anything because I won't be able to get more outfits in time for Paris.'
They all start making jokes as Kim suggests, 'Let's undo the stitches so when she puts it on it all unravels,' as Khloe says, 'No we are definitely wearing it.'
Kim adds, 'I just really can't believe Kylie managed to get out of everything,' as Khloe says, 'She always does.'
Kris adds in confession, 'I know the girls are upset, and they're upset because they wanted to spend time with Kylie.'
Kendall says in confession, 'I definitely get really sad when she kinda bails on things like this, especially this trip, cause she's my only snowboarding buddy, everybody else skis and we grew up doing it together so part of it for sure is just sadness for me, like, damn, I was excited.
Kris insists in confession, 'I'm not throwing in the towel yet. I have much hope and many prayers going up that Kylie shows up in Aspen, she changes her mind and she's gonna magically appear.'
They all get in a waiting SUV as Kris reads them a text from Kylie about the jokes they made about her luggage
Kris insists in confession, 'I'm not throwing in the towel yet. I have much hope and many prayers going up that Kylie shows up in Aspen, she changes her mind and she's gonna magically appear'
The family arrives at their log cabin as Corey Gamble greets them all as they marvel at the place.
'This house is like Ralph Lauren on crack and I am obsessed,' Kim says in confession, as Kris says, 'This house is stunning. It makes me feel warm and fuzzy and there's someone in the kitchen making dinner. I mean, pinch me!'
Kim and Khloe check out the rooms, as a producer asks, 'Did you hash out your differences?' and they both say different things at the same time - Kim saying, 'We don't really talk about that,' and Khloe saying, 'Sisters don't really do that.'
Then Kim says, 'Once she starts up on a schedule it will be right back up in the annoying box in my brain, as Khloe checks her watch and says, 'Well, speaking of that, I've gotta go eat cause I'm starving, and figure out my room and unpack and do all that stuff.'
Kim says, 'I'm also like a laying in bed at night TV kind of girl, and this one doesn't have a TV,' as Khloe says, 'Me too.'
Kim texts Kylie and says, 'Let's see if Kylie's actually coming,' adding, 'she's 100% not going to answer me… she didn't answer.'
Kim asks Khloe if she wants to share a room and says she's kidding, as Khloe says she's fine with the double, as Kim says she just wants to watch Gypsy Rose… seemingly foreshadowing her meeting with Gypsy Rose Blanchard later this season as seen in earlier trailers.
They go down to dinner, as Kim seemingly starts to get serious, telling her family, 'Can I tell you what tragically happened to me? It's really hard for me to grasp and it happened overnight. I cannot see.'
Like this, I used to look at everything here (with her phone closer to her face) and now I go (moves the phone away from her face). And it just happened overnight,' as Kris says that's, 'so annoying.'
The family arrives at their log cabin as Corey Gamble greets them all as they marvel at the place
Then Kim says, 'Once she starts up on a schedule it will be right back up in the annoying box in my brain, as Khloe checks her watch and says, 'Well, speaking of that, I've gotta go eat cause I'm starving, and figure out my room and unpack and do all that stuff'
'I think I can reverse this. I'm gonna eat tons of carrots and I'm gonna do red-light therapy on my eyeballs and open my eyes… wait a minute,' Kim says, as Kris retorts, 'I don't think that's smart.'
Kris adds in confession, 'Who's gonna tell Kim that carrots don't fix your eyesight? It's called aging. She's getting a bit older.'
Kim adds, 'Wait a minute, let's put on Kylie's clothes and post just to us on our close friends,' as Kris says, 'She will die,' as they insist it's a joke.
Kris says, 'She's gonna be more upset. She said she's losing… she's having a really hard time… she felt unsafe.'
Khloe says, 'You're gonna leave your whole family and let them die?' as Kim adds, 'If you feel that unsafe you'll beg and plead and cry for your family to get off a plane.'
'Why would she leave her mom, her sisters, but she's that worried? For herself? If that's not a Leo, I can't tell you who is,' Khloe says.
Corey says they should at least have a toast, 'for those who made it, we've gotta pour some out for those who didn't make it,' as they all raise their glasses.
Khloe asks, 'Kim, are you gonna yell at me if I facetime my daughter?' as Kim shakes her head, while a confused Kendall asks why she would yell at her.
Kim adds, 'Wait a minute, let's put on Kylie's clothes and post just to us on our close friends,' as Kris says, 'She will die,' as they insist it's a joke
Khloe says, 'You're gonna leave your whole family and let them die?' as Kim adds, 'If you feel that unsafe you'll beg and plead and cry for your family to get off a plane.'
Khloe asks, 'Kim, are you gonna yell at me if I facetime my daughter?' as Kim shakes her head, while a confused Kendall asks why she would yell at her
'She doesn't like when I facetime my kids,' Khloe says while getting up from the table as Kim tells her side of the story.
'We went to Allison's for dinner…' Kim begins, as Khloe retorts, 'No no no, this f***ing b***h brings her child with her to Allison's birthday dinner.'
Kim explains, 'There were no kids at dinner, but I brought Saint because he was having a play date with Dillon so they could be busy,' as Khloe adds, 'And there were seven other kids here. I'm sorry I facetimed my daughter to say goodnight and Kim cannot let it go that I can't go out without being attached to my kids.'
Both Kim and Khloe go back and forth about the facetime call and Kim says, 'I just said like babe live in the moment and so we're sitting there and she's like…' as Khloe interrupts, 'We waited for one hour!'
Kim says, 'She says, 'I'm on a schedule here, I have to go,' as Khloe says, 'No, what did you say first? Kim said, 'I'm starving, can we eat?' And I go, 'Yeah, we're on a schedule here.'
Khloe says in confession, 'I am highly confused about what I am being punished for here. Loving my kids too much? Saying goodnight to my kids? Them being on a schedule? I would love someone to point out what the f**k am I doing that's so offensive and hurtful to her?'
Kim adds that Khloe said it in more of a snippy tone, 'It was a little bit more like, 'I'm on a schedule here! I gotta go!'
Kendall interjects, 'I love you and I love a schedule but you walk somewhere and you're already ready to leave,' as Khloe insists, 'I didn't say that.'
'We went to Allison's for dinner…' Kim begins, as Khloe retorts, 'No no no, this f***ing b***h brings her child with her to Allison's birthday dinner'
Both Kim and Khloe go back and forth about the facetime call and Kim says, 'I just said like babe live in the moment and so we're sitting there and she's like…' as Khloe interrupts, 'We waited for one hour!'
Kendall adds, 'How are you supposed to enjoy yourself in the present moment?' as Khloe says, 'I didn't bring that up until Kim said, 'We've been here an hour, are we gonna eat soon?'
Kim says, 'I was helping the party planners because they were new,' as Khloe says, 'So why is it OK when she does it but… as Kendall says, 'That's different, being there an hour and haven't eaten, that's different.'
Khloe adds, 'Right, so I piggy-backed off of that, so I go, 'Yeah guys, we have a schedule,' like I'm trying to make her not sound crazy.'
Kim adds, 'And once we were at the table you were like, 'Let's go, are we gonna go,' but Khloe insists, 'No, it was 9:30 and you said we'd be home by 9:30. I don't have 24-hour care so I had to tell my nannies how much longer they were gonna be.'
Khloe says in confession, 'What are we even talking about? Do you hear the f***ing conversation right now? Shoot me someone, because I committed a crime. Like, are we OK?'
Kim insists, 'I was just… it's not to critique, it's just to say…' as Khloe interrupts, 'How is that not to critique? The whole thing is a critique.'
Kim says, 'I just felt the energy… you never go out, I was so excited she came to a Lifer's dinner, this is like… they were so excited.'
Khloe fires back, 'Kim was antisocial. I'm with all of her friends,' as Kim says, 'Antisocial? I'm hanging out and talking,' as Khloe says, 'No, with your same Lifers. I was with new people, I'm schmitzing and socializing, I was with the people as I could be,' as Kim says rather condescendingly, 'And I am so proud of you.'
Kendall adds, 'How are you supposed to enjoy yourself in the present moment?' as Khloe says, 'I didn't bring that up until Kim said, 'We've been here an hour, are we gonna eat soon?'
Kim says, 'I just felt the energy… you never go out, I was so excited she came to a Lifer's dinner, this is like… they were so excited'
Kim adds, 'And once we were at the table you were like, 'Let's go, are we gonna go,' but Khloe insists, 'No, it was 9:30 and you said we'd be home by 9:30. I don't have 24-hour care so I had to tell my nannies how much longer they were gonna be'
Khloe says in confession, 'Kim's just trying to be a b***h right now, and that's something Kim is so good at. Like, if Kim wants to hurt you, she will go for the jugular.'
Khloe fires back, 'And it still wasn't good enough for you,' as Kim just nods, before adding, 'I was just giving you tips along the way that if you're out…' as Khloe adds, 'But why don't you have to take the same tips?'
Kim says, 'Because I didn't say that. I go I'm starved, are we gonna start with the food, it's been an hour, probably an hour and a half.'
Khloe adds, 'And right after the same sentence I go, 'Yeah, we're on a schedule,' as Kendall says, 'But if what she's (Kim) saying is true, the sentiment is different. The sentiment is, 'I'm hungry, let's get the food,' but Khloe said that, 'No one else felt that except for her.'
Kim says with a smile, 'I just was telling you to live in the moment, because like she said the sentiment was different.'
'You're making up the f***ing sentiment,' Khloe says as Kim says, 'No, that's what I'm saying is that I think you're in denial!'
'About what?' Khloe asks and Kim says, 'About the sentiment. Sometimes you hardly go out so when you do you're like, 'I gotta get back, I gotta get back' and I don't think you realize it. Everyone else was saying they were hungry and you were like, 'Yeah I gotta go I'm on a schedule. Let's eat so I can get outta here.' That was more the energy, so I was just telling you, you might not realize it, let's live in the moment.'
Khloe says, 'I'm just wondering if you think you live in the moment.'
Khloe says in confession, 'Kim's just trying to be a b***h right now, and that's something Kim is so good at. Like, if Kim wants to hurt you, she will go for the jugular'
Kim says, 'I do, and you know if I don't always live in the moment then that's something I have to work on. I was just saying…' as Khloe interrupts, 'I think you love nitpicking me and we do the exact same thing,' while seeming to choke back some emotions.
'But anyways, I'm gonna go facetime my daughter, I hope that's OK with you, and if not, can you tell me now so you don't tell me when I'm done?' Khloe says.
Kim just laughs and says, 'Totally. No, I'd love you to,' as Khloe walks away, adding in confession, 'So far, this trip is not getting off to such a great start. I should have left with Kylie,' as the episode ends.
The preview for next week's episode show them all skiing at Aspen, while Kourtney films a promo at Target while being pushed in a cart.
The bickering between Kim and Khloe continues at an Aspen restaurant as Khloe chides Kim for not calling her kids, even telling Kris to f**k off.'
Later Kris tells her kids that she had her scan and 'they found something' as she wipes tears away.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group