By JACQUELINE LINDENBERG FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  01:31, 16 May 2024   |  Updated:  23:42, 17 May 2024   
 60
View  comments
Kourtney Kardashian shared a kiss with husband, Travis Barker, in an assortment of throwback photos uploaded to Instagram on Wednesday to celebrate their second wedding anniversary. 
The Poosh founder, 45 - who recently was gifted wall-to-wall flowers and a loving tribute from the Blink-182 drummer, 48, on Mother's Day - shared images after the couple said 'I do' during a courthouse ceremony in Santa Barbara.
The TV personality captioned the carousel of snaps with the date of the nuptials, '5.15.22,' followed by a black heart emoji. 
Travis replied in the comment section and wrote, '2 years ago in Santa Barbara,' with his wife responding with a black heart emoji.  
The reality star had donned a figure-hugging, white Dolce & Gabbana minidress with a heart embellishment on the front for the memorable day. 
Kourtney Kardashian, 45, shared a kiss with husband, Travis Barker, 48, in an assortment of throwback photos uploaded to Instagram on Wednesday to celebrate their second wedding anniversary
The Poosh founder shared images after the couple said 'I do' during a courthouse ceremony in Santa Barbara
She paired the ensemble with a shoulder-length veil as well as sheer, opera-length gloves for a final touch. Barker wore an all-black outfit and a pair of fashionable black shades for the legal ceremony. 
Along with one picture showing the lovebirds kissing underneath the warm sunshine, another captured the pair sitting towards the back of a vintage, Cadillac convertible. 
The two faced each other as they sweetly touched hands for the adorable photo while parked on a busy street. 
One snap showed a 'Just Married' sign that was placed on the back bumper, along with numerous, silver tin cans. 
Kourtney and Travis also stood outside of the courthouse in Santa Barbara as they held hands and gazed in each other's direction. 
After the ceremony took place, Kardashian and Barker had the chance to celebrate at a restaurant, and were seen sipping on glasses of bubbly champagne.  
During an interview with Vogue last year in April, Kourtney reflected on the intimate nuptials. 
'Santa Barbara was for the two of us. Since our wedding was in Italy, we had to get married in California to make it legal in the United States,' she explained to the outlet. 
One snap showed a 'Just Married' sign that was placed on the back bumper, along with numerous, silver tin cans
The reality star had worn a figure-hugging, white Dolce & Gabbana minidress with a heart embellishment on the front
She paired the ensemble with a shoulder-length veil as well as sheer, opera-length gloves for a final touch. Barker wore an all-black outfit and a pair of fashionable black shades for the legal ceremony
After the ceremony took place, Kardashian and Barker had the chance to celebrate at a restaurant, and were seen sipping on glasses of bubbly champagne
'We could have had somebody come over and sign the paperwork. But we wanted to do something that felt really special.' 
'We love Santa Barbara and we escape there as often as we can - we got engaged in Santa Barbara. So we just drove out there. The only people that came with us were my grandmother and his dad because they couldn't make it to our Italy wedding.' 
A month earlier in April 2022, the pair notably tied the knot at a chapel in Las Vegas following the Grammy Awards. 
And on May 22, 2022, a large wedding took place in Portofino, Italy with their family and children also in attendance. 
'I would say Italy is the most emotional for me because that was the one that had all the buildup to it. That was really our main wedding to me,' the beauty also told Vogue. 
'The process of going from feeling anxious and scared to have that vulnerable moment in front of people - it was a big buildup that I'm sure that a lot of brides feel that buildup maybe.' 
Kourtney continued, 'And then starting to feeling such a sense of calm over me. It just was all so special the way that it happened.'  
Over the past weekend on Sunday, The Kardashians star also had the chance to celebrate Mother's Day - her first with both her and Barker's son Rocky, six months. 
During an interview with Vogue last year in April, Kourtney reflected on the intimate, Santa Barbara nuptials
'Santa Barbara was for the two of us. Since our wedding was in Italy, we had to get married in California to make it legal in the United States,' she explained to the outlet
'We could have had somebody come over and sign the paperwork. But we wanted to do something that felt really special,' she added
Over the past weekend, The Kardashians star also had the chance to celebrate Mother's Day - her first with both her and Barker's son Rocky, six months
She received a variety of of white and pink-colored flowers from her husband that covered the walls in what appeared to be a spacious, foyer area
She received a variety of of white and pink-colored flowers from her husband that covered the walls in what appeared to be a spacious, foyer area. 
Kourtney uploaded a reel to give a glimpse of the extravagant floral arrangements, and some followers expressed their curiosity about what the star does with the flowers afterwards. 
One fan replied to the reel with, 'Beautiful! Out of curiosity, what do you and your sisters do with all the flowers??'
The beauty answered the question by typing out, 'All the rose bushes can be planted afterwards! But I usually donate them to hospitals. 
The Blink-182 drummer also jumped to his own Instagram page to pen a loving tribute to the star and uploaded pictures of her and also their little boy. 
'Happy Mother's Day to my best friend and partner. Our children are so lucky to have you. Thank you for filling our home with love, laughter, and joy. I love you forever and ever my wife @kourtneykardash.' 
Along with infant Rocky, Travis also shares son Landon, 20, and daughter Alabama, 18, with ex-wife Shanna Moakler. He also is still close to Moakler's daughter, Atiana De La Hoya, 25. 
Kourtney also shares Mason, 14, Penelope, 11 and Reign, nine, with ex Scott Disick. 
The TV personality also received a sweet tribute from her stepdaughter, Alabama Barker, which was uploaded to her Instagram stories. 
The media personality had written, '& to @kourtneykardash I love you. thank you for being another woman in my life to look after me & taking me in as your family.' 
The beauty answered the question by typing out, 'All the rose bushes can be planted afterwards! But I usually donate them to hospitals'
The Blink-182 drummer also jumped to his own Instagram page to pen a loving tribute to the star and uploaded pictures of her and also their little boy
The TV personality also received a sweet tribute from her stepdaughter, Alabama Barker, which was uploaded to her Instagram stories
Atiana De La Hoya also uploaded a photo of Kourtney sharing a kiss with Barker who gently held their son in his arms
'You have such a passion for being a great mom & always showing out for all of your kids, your grind is so inspiring, your the best!' 
Kourtney later reposted the kind message to her own stories and responded by adding, 'I love you so much!' followed by a red heart emoji. 
Atiana De La Hoya also uploaded a photo of Kourtney sharing a kiss with Barker who gently held their son in his arms. 
She typed out, 'The most amazing mom and stepmom to us all, love you Kourt,' followed by a white heart emoji.  

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group