The troubled Co-op Live arena in Manchester is set to open with a performance from Elbow following a string of setbacks.
The biggest indoor arena in the UK had postponed its opening show for the third time after part of its ventilation and air conditioning system fell to the ground from the ceiling during a soundcheck in early May.
Rock band Elbow, who hail from Manchester, are now set to open the £365 million venue on Tuesday after it announced it was "satisfied" the issue was an "isolated manufacturing default" following an inspection.
READ MORE: Mum could lose 'only real home she's ever know' due to little known rule
READ MORE: Man saw home covered in blood and screamed 'girls, what are you doing?'
The band shared a picture of what appeared to be the stage inside the venue ahead of the scheduled show, writing on X: "Ready for tomorrow at @TheCoopLive arena. See you there."
Issues at the Co-op Live arena began after a test event in April led to the rescheduling of comedian Peter Kay's stand-up show dates.
Peter, who was meant to be the "first artist in the world to perform at Manchester Co-op Live" according to promotional posters, had his shows postponed twice as the venue was still not ready to open.
The problems also led to the venue rescheduling a Black Keys gig. The venue then planned for US rapper A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie to open the arena on May 1, however it was called off just over an hour before his performance with fans queuing outside, due to the ventilation system becoming detached.
The issue meant scheduled performances from US pop star Olivia Rodrigo and British band Keane were postponed, while a slew of shows by Take That were moved to the AO Arena in Manchester.
Last week, East Sussex rock band Keane announced their postponed gig has been rescheduled for October 19, while new dates are yet to be announced for Rodrigo.
At the time, Co-op Live said an inspection would need to take place to ensure it was a one-time default. Last week, the venue confirmed Elbow would be opening the arena on Tuesday and added a headline performance from US rapper Travis Scott who will be bringing his Circus Maximus Tour on July 13.
Don't miss the biggest and breaking stories by signing up to the Echo Daily newsletter here
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.