Katie Holmes and Tom Cruise's daughter has a new moniker. 
During her high school graduation, the former couples' daughter was listed among her fellow graduates without her father's surname, instead being referred to as "Suri Noelle" in photos of the pamphlet, published by Page Six. 
For the 18-year-old's special day on June 21, she wore a bright red cap and gown—complete with a stole emblazoned with "Vocals" and "Music." Under her regalia, Suri also sported a white spaghetti strap dress and a pair of kitten heels with a flower on the toe. As for Katie, she wore an all-beige getup complete with blue satin sandal heels, brown shades, and a pearl necklace. 
The mother-daughter duo hugged and posed for family photos outside of the United Palace Theatre in New York City, while also greeting other graduates and their families. 
Though Katie—who separated from Tom in 2012—has not confirmed where her daughter will be attending college in the fall, Suri did don a Carnegie Mellon sweatshirt in a TikTok shared by her classmate earlier this month.
And while Katie, 45, has yet to speak publicly of her daughter's future, she has noted how proud she is of her daughter before. 
"I'm very grateful to be a parent, to be her parent," the Dawson's Creek alum told Glamour in April 2023. "She's an incredible person."
Meanwhile, Tom—who also shares kids Isabella, 31, and Connor, 29, with ex Nicole Kidman—was not seen celebrating with his daughter or ex June 21, but he did make his way through the crowd at Taylor Swift's London Eras Tour show the following day. The 61-year-old, who is currently filming Mission Impossible 8 in England, exchanged friendship bracelets with fans and spent some time with Travis Kelce, Hugh Grant, Greta Gerwig and more stars in the "Karma" singer's VIP tent. 
Keep reading to see more celeb families celebrating graduations this year.
Jack Hoppus
Blink and he's a college graduate! In June 2024, Mark Hoppus and his wife Skye Hoppus saw their son graduate the University of Chicago with degrees in computer science as well as media arts and design.
"So proud of this kid," the Blink-182 singer wrote on Instagram. "Double major with honors. S--t yeah, Jack. You rule."
Sophia Meloni
Christopher Meloni and wife Sherman Williams celebrated their daughter's college graduation in June 2024, with Mariska Hargitay—who is Sophia's godmother—making an appearance at the party.
Ryder Fieri
There's a new graduate in Flavortown! Guy Fieri's son big farewell to high school with a whopping 3.7 GPA, according to the Food Network star.
"Wow what a great high school career!!" he wrote in a June 9 Instagram post. "Love you son!"
Liv Moore Freundlich
Julianne Moore and her husband Bart Freundlich watched their daughter graduate from Northwestern University in June 2024. Along for the commecement ceremony? Their older son Caleb Moore Freundlich, who graduated from Davidson College in 2020.
Christian Nassif & Colin Nassif
Adrienne Maloof and Dr. Paul Nassif's twins proved that they didn't botch high school, graduating in June 2024.
"Overwhelmed with pride for my boys," the Real Housewives of Beverly Hills alum wrote on Instagram, "and excited for their future adventures."
Henry Günther Ademola Dashtu Samuel
Heidi Klum and ex Seal's eldest son graduated from a Los Angeles prep school in June 2024.
"CONGRATULATIONS HENRY," the proud mom wrote on Instagram. "We are all sooo proud of you. You did it my beautiful boy. College here we come. SHINE BRIGHT."
Finn McDermott
Tori Spelling and Dean McDermott's son Finn graduated from elementary school in June 2024. 
"And, just like that I have a 5th grade graduate…," Tori shared on Instagram. "Finn Davey I’m so proud of you! Bye elementary school and hello middle school. I love you chat! Disclaimer to the haters : Dress code was shorts FYI bc they had student/teacher kickball aka sports day right b4."
Beau McDermott
But Finn isn't the only one in the family moving on up! Tori and Dean's youngest child Beau graduated from kindergarten that same month.
"Beau Beau is officially a 1st grader," Tori raved on Instagram. "So proud of this kid! My Baby."
Mabel Willis
Emma Heming Willis and Bruce Willis' daugther Mabel graduated from elementary school in June 2024. 
Emma shared a photo of Tallulah Willis, Scout Willis and Demi Moore sporting Mabel masks on Instagram, writing, "Middle school! Here she comes!"
Justin Pippen
Scottie Pippen's youngest son with ex Larsa Pippen received his high school diploma in May 2024.
"Proud dad moment!" NBA star captioned a family photo, which included his and Larsa's other kids Scotty Jr., Preston and Sophia. "Congrats, son!"
Ella Stiller
Ben Stiller and Christine Taylor’s daughter graduated with a BFA in acting from The Juilliard School in New York City.
“I couldn’t be happier to be done or prouder to have survived or more grateful to my family for the unwavering support that got me there and through," the college grad wrote on Instagram May 25. "I have a degree in playing pretend!!! Yay!!!”
Isaac Rivera
Teen Mom alum Kailyn Lowry and ex Jo Rivera's teen son Isaac graduated from middle school.
"so many things to celebrate this week!" Kailyn wrote on Instagram June 7. "& still processing Isaac going to high school later this year."
Massai Zhivago Dorsey II
Nia Long and Massai Z. Dorsey's oldest son received his degree from New York University.
"Oh my baby," the Fresh Prince of Bel-Air actress wrote on Instagram May 20. "I’m so proud of you! Let’s get it!"
Jennifer Gates
Jennifer Gates, the eldest daughter of Bill Gates and ex-wife Melinda French Gates, graduated from Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai in New York.
Following her special day, the Microsoft founder shared a touching message to celebrate her achievement. 
"From pre-K to MD," Bill wrote in a May 15 Instagram post. "I'm so proud to officially call you Dr. Gates."
Emma Chamberlain
On May 31, the YouTuber—who left high school in 2017 to focus on her mental health and career as a full-time content creator—received her diploma from Notre Dame High School in Belmont, Calif.
Ivey Watson
Jamie Lynn Spears' youngest daughter Ivey Watson, who she shares with husband Jamie Watson, graduated from kindergarten. The little one proudly held her diploma in front of her older sister Maddie Watson, who Jamie Lynn shares with ex Casey Aldridge.
Laird Stone
Sharon Stone celebrated her second son's high school graduation in May 2024.
Riley Burruss
Kandi Burruss' daughter graduated from New York University with a Bachelor of Music degree.
"My baby did it!" the Real Housewives of Atlanta alum wrote on Instagram May 15. "I'm a proud mama!"
Karma Bridges
Ludacris' daughter graduated from Spelman College with a degree in Documentary Filmmaking in May 2024, according to Essence. The rapper said he was a "#prouddaddy" over her achievement. 
“I want to make movie and film content that helps shape and change the social and political landscape,” Karma said in a statement to the Ludacris Foundation. “Tell stories that are meaningful and thought provoking. I’ve always been drawn to storytelling due to its ability to heal, inspire, educate, create empathy, and ultimately catalyze positive change in the world.”
Avery Sehorn
Angie Harmon's second daughter with ex Jason Sehorn received her high school diploma in June 2024, with the Rizzoli & Isles actress writing on Instagram, "We are all immensely proud of you Avery!"
"You have overcome & conquered & excelled to shine brightly with the stars," she caption a family photo, which included her other daughters Finley and Emery. "Remember to leave every place better than you found it & we are all so excited to see what God has planned for you!"
Jace Caussin
Jana Kramer's son Jace—who she shares with ex Mike Caussin—said goodbye to Pre-K and celebrated the milestone at a mini prom.
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.