From electronic fests in the desert to cosmopolitan jazz gatherings, here are the best music festivals in Morocco in 2024.

Skiddle Staff
Last updated: 7th Aug 2024
When it comes to festivals, the northwest African country of Morocco offers something completely different to what you typically find in Europe and the UK. It's home to Mawazine, one of the biggest festivals in the world, and lots of growing festivals spanning jazz, dance, hip-hop, and more. 
With many of Morocco’s music festivals happening later in the year, they offer the perfect getaway at a time when the British weather begins to get a bit chillier, and when there are no longer any music festivals happening in the UK. Brilliant!  
We won’t keep you waiting any longer. Here are the best music festivals in Morocco.
MOGA Festival
Photo: Moga Festival / Facebook.com 
When: Wednesday 2nd - Sunday 6th October 2024  
Where: Sofitel Essaouira Mogador in Diabatin, Morocco 
2024 lineup: Hunee, Ame (live), Damian Lazarus, Habibi Funk, Dixon, Gerd Janson, Paula Tape, Apollonia, Dekmantel Soundsystem, Seth Troxler, and more 
MOGA Festival, which also goes down in Portugal, brings electronic music to Essaouira, a stunning coastal town and UNESCO heritage city, along with art, wellness, food, and talks. Local and international music fans flock to MOGA to enjoy established international talent and local up-and-coming gems. Music is often showcased in the medina, immersing attendees in Morocco’s rich culture. MOGA OFF events, happening from the 2nd to the 6th, are free to attend, while MOGA IN, the 4th to the 6th, requires tickets. 
Buy tickets for MOGA Fest 
Mawazine
Photo: Festival Mawazine / Facebook.com
When: Friday 21st -  Friday 29th June 2024 
Where: Rabat, Morocco
2024 lineup: Kylie Minogue, Metro Boomin, Camila Cabello, Burna Boy, Central Cee, IAMDDB, Nicki Minaj, Calvin Harris, ALAWN, ATEEZ, and more
Mawazine, one of the biggest festivals in the world, returns in 2024 after a three-year hiatus. The festival’s name roughly translates to “Rhythms of the World”, reflecting its openness in welcoming over 2.5 million music fans from all over. 
You know what makes Mawazine that much better? Most of it’s free. Yep, Mawazine offers free access to around 90% of the shows. Incredible.  
Oasis Festival 
Photo: Oasis Festival / Facebook.com 
When: Friday 13th - Sunday 15th September 2024
Where: The Source in Marrakech, Morocco 
2024 lineup: Laurent Garnier, Jungle (DJ), Joy Orbison, JYOTY, Amine K, Sama' Abdulhadi, TSHA, HAAi, Yu Su, and more
For fans of dance music, Oasis is definitely one of the best festivals in Morocco in 2024.
Championing underground electronic artists, Oasis Festival welcomes you to join the party while enjoying art, culture, food, and more. Both international and local DJs will soundtrack this intimate festival with visual artists to bring it all to life. 
In the past, the festival has begun to reveal artists around March time, so give them a follow on social media and keep your eyes peeled for the first announcement! 
L’Boulevard Festival
Photo: L'Boulevard / Facebook.com
When: Thursday 12th - Sunday 15th September 2024
Where: Stade du R.U.C in Casablanca, Morocco 
2024 lineup: Nexus, Velvet Exit, Pagan Ulver, Mean Machine, Isu-Tar, Lotfi E., Anass Chair, Farafina Yele, Lkaryanist, Le.S777, Libre Man, NFlow, Kadir, and more 
L’Boulevard, or Boulevard Festival, focuses on hip-hop, rock, and metal, with some other genres, including reggae, Latin, fusion genres, world music, and indie. The festival started over twenty years ago by promoting local metal bands and has grown to become one of the biggest music festivals in Morocco. It’s split into days dedicated to rock and metal, hip-hop, and fusion music, so you can focus on the tunes that best suit your tastes. 
Jazzablanca Festival 
Photo: Jazzablanca Festival - Morocco (Official) / Facebook.com
When: Thursday 6th - Saturday 8th June 2024
Where: TBA, in Casablanca, Morocco 
2024 lineup: UB40, Paolo Nutini, Yussef Dayes, James Blunt, Sarah & Ismael, Kokoroko, Anass Oublaid, The Leila, KALEO, and more  
2024 will see the 17th edition of this jazz festival with big international names on the scene taking to the stage. But the sounds of Jazzabanca aren’t limited to jazz. You can discover pop, soul, folk, funk, and world music there, with music spread across two sites! Thousands of people head over every year to enjoy the unique energy and creative atmosphere, expanding their musical horizons along the way. And the fest usually has free performances! 
Origins Festival Spring Edition 
Photo: Origins Festival / Facebook.com 
When: Saturday 20th April 2024 
Where: Marrakech, Morocco 
2024 lineup: Avangart Tabldot, Mimi x Fy, Henri Bergmann, Holly Molly, and more
This year, Origins Festival celebrates all four seasons with a party for each. But since the spring edition is the closest, and since we have a confirmed date for it, we’ll be having a look at that one. 
One for the ravers, Origins has helped create a raving community in Morocco since its inception in 2017. While the fest mainly shines a light on those lesser-known names, they’ve brought in some fairly big names in the past including Deborah De Luca. Music at Origins is typically centred around house and techno.
Over the years, Morocco’s festival scene has grown stronger and stronger, attracting music fans from all over. And with electronic, jazz, hip-hop, reggae, world music, and more, Morocco's music festivals offer a truly unique experience you just can’t find in the UK and across Europe. If you’re thinking about heading out to one of these cracking festivals, don’t forget your sun cream!  
Search Skiddle now to find your dream festival. Or check out the best dance and EDM, house and techno, or trance festivals. 
Check out our What's On Guide to discover even more rowdy raves and sweaty gigs taking place over the coming weeks and months. For festivals, lifestyle events and more, head on over to our Things To Do page or be inspired by the event selections on our Inspire Me page.
Header: Oasis Festival / Facebook.com
Read more news
live news
club news
festival news
all latest news
Order History / Your Tickets
Gigs  ●  Clubs  ● 
                    Festivals ● 
                    Things to do
“On your side since 2001, because we believe true fans deserve a
                    fairer and smarter way to discover events they love.”
© 2001 - 2025 Skiddle Ltd  |  Skiddle is a registered
                    trademark  |  ALL RIGHTS RESERVED

        We use cookies to make sure we give you the best experience possible. By continuing, you're accepting that
        you're happy with our cookie policy. Click
        here
        to find out more.
    
❌