By KINTA WALSH-COTTON FOR DAILY MAIL AUSTRALIA 
 Published:  03:31, 13 November 2024   |  Updated:  19:51, 13 November 2024   
 96
View  comments
Bianca Censori's lookalike sister Angelina mimicked her famous sister's brazen style on Tuesday as she left her bra at home while stepping out for lunch.
The younger sibling of rapper Kanye West's wife looked chic in a very casual ensemble as she grabbed a bite of sushi in Melbourne.
Going completely makeup-free for her outing, the brunette beauty donned a baby pink crop-top which flashed her washboard abs. 
She paired the braless look with a pair of loose black sweatpants which sat very low on her hips. 
Angelina accessorised with a pair of black slides before using a matching headband to push back her dark locks from her bare face. 
The socialite appeared to be emulating her famous sister Bianca, who is known for stepping out in very raunchy ensembles.  
The outing comes just a few weeks after Angelina rubbed shoulders with Kylie Jenner's ex Travis Scott in a very unlikely connection to the Kardashian clan.
Bianca Censori's lookalike sister Angelina (pictured) mimicked her famous sister's brazen style on Tuesday as she left her bra at home while stepping out for lunch 
Travis, who was in Australia on his Circus Maximus tour at the time, is the ex of Kylie Jenner and shares two children—Stormi, six, and Aire, two—with the American star.
And Angelina—whose brother-in-law Kanye is the ex-wife of Kylie's older sister Kim Kardashian—showed her support for the star as she attended the first birthday bash of the Melbourne venue The Emerson, hosted by Travis, last month.
For the night, Angelina also appeared to have taken style tips from her older sister Bianca as she made sure to turn heads in a very racy ensemble.
Bianca, who married Kanye in late 2022, is known for her nearly-nude approach to fashion and often raises eyebrows with her pulse-raising and very daring outfits.
And Angelina appears to be following in Bianca's footsteps as she took to Instagram to share snaps from her racy ensemble as she headed out to the party.
The younger sibling of rapper Kanye West's wife looked chic in a very casual ensemble as she grabbed a bite of sushi in Melbourne
Going completely makeup-free for her outing, the brunette beauty donned a baby pink crop-top which flashed her washboard abs
The Australian model, who is every inch Bianca's lookalike, put on a very busty display in a plunging black crop top as she posed up a storm for the camera.
She showed off her washboard abs in the daring ensemble, which she teamed with a daring sheer beige skirt.
'Idk how to act,' she simply captioned the images.
At the same time, Bianca was by her husband Kanye's side in Tokyo at a viewing party for the rapper's upcoming album Bully as the pair put divorce rumours to bed.
Angelina recently rubbished reports that her family is concerned for sister Bianca over her romance with husband Kanye West.
Angelina said the claims were 'bulls**t' and that her family supports Bianca's romance with the controversial rapper.
'We all support [Kanye]. We support his new album. We support his new clothes he's dropping,' Angelina told the Herald Sun in March.
Angelina appears to be following in Bianca's footsteps as she took to Instagram to share snaps from her racy ensemble as she headed out to the party. Pictured: Bianca with husband Kanye earlier this year 
She paired the braless look with a pair of loose black sweatpants which sat very low on her hips
Angelina accessorised with a pair of black slides before using a matching headband to push back her dark locks from her bare face
Angelina described her sister as her 'best friend and confidante' and insisted all was well.
'It's all just bulls**t. There was something about my dad [Leo] even recently. My dad never talks. Nothing's true,' she said.
The Vultures rapper married Bianca in December 2022, just one month after his divorce from Kim was finalised. 
Kanye and Kim share four children—North, 11, Saint, eight, Chicago, six and Psalm, five.
Concerns were soon raised for the designer after she was pictured in a string of bizarre and increasingly provocative outfits.
Elsewhere this month, it was also claimed in a lawsuit filed by Kanye's ex-assistant Lauren Pisciotta that the rapper allegedly told Bianca that he wanted to have sex with her mother Alexandra while she watched.
The disturbing allegations were made by Lauren in an 88-page updated lawsuit, filed on October 12 and obtained by DailyMail.com.
The socialite appeared to be emulating her famous sister Bianca, who is known for stepping out in very raunchy ensembles
Angelina flashed her washboard abs in the chic baby tee
She stopped to grab a small box of sushi for lunch in her hometown of Melbourne
Among them were claims that Kanye has a 'kink' of wanting to have sex with mothers of his sexual targets, which he frequently talked about.
According to the lawsuit, the lewd text Kanye allegedly wrote to Bianca read: 'I wanna f**k your mum. Before she leaves.'
Bianca was in the US on a work visa at the time, and her mother, Alexandra, was visiting Los Angeles from their native Australia.
Lauren claimed Bianca responded to Kanye's texts by declining the offer.
'This is what she wrote... she's [Alexandra] married. I'm going to f**k someone this weekend and tell you the next time you're inside me,' Kanye told Lauren of Bianca's alleged reply minutes later.
Since August, Bianca's Australian family has made a united show of support for the model amid reports of her turbulent relationship with Kanye.
Alexandra has been spotted spending more time with Bianca in recent months, dining and shopping with the brunette architect at celebrity hotspots like Nobu.
She has also chaperoned her internationally to Vultures 2 listening parties alongside Angelina. Alexandra is also mother to a third daughter, Alyssia.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group