By ASHLEIGH GRAY FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  02:10, 6 October 2024   |  Updated:  02:15, 6 October 2024   
 73
View  comments
Kylie Jenner was active on social media Saturday as she shared seasonal content with her fans.
Engaging her nearly 400 million Instagram followers, the 27-year-old billionaire — who recently modeled a skintight white Khy mini dress — uploaded footage of her autumnal decor.
Jenner's Los Angeles-adjacent mansion was extravagantly decorated with a spooky, towering skeleton and dozens of white and orange pumpkins.
In a brief video snippet, the brunette beauty toured the grounds of her sprawling home and cooed, 'We are in the Halloween spirit over here.'
It comes after Jenner's oldest sibling Kourtney Kardashian came under fire for her 'inappropriate' Halloween frills.
Kylie Jenner was active on social media Saturday as she shared her Halloween-ready fall decorations with her fans
Jenner's Los Angeles–adjacent mansion was extravagantly decorated with a towering skeleton looming over her pumpkins and gourds
Kylie also displayed a bounty of tomatoes and strawberries, writing on the photo: 'Morning.'
Included in her Instagram Stories was a shadow snapshot of her and one of her two children.
The reality television personality held hands with either daughter Stormi, six, or son Aire, four. She shares the kids with ex-boyfriend Travis Scott.
Earlier this week she sizzled in a ruched off-the-shoulder dress in a slew of photos shared to her clothing brand's Instagram account.
The frock hugged her famous curves and cropped at her thighs as she posed against a white backdrop.
The star, who runs Kylie Cosmetics, was beautified in a full face of matte makeup that included a glossy, berry tone on her full pout.
Her lengthy dark locks were arranged in an off-center part and styled in a wet and wavy look. 
The caption read, 'Kylie wearing the long sleeve ruched mini dress in shell. available now at khy.com.' 
Engaging her nearly 400 million Instagram followers, the 27-year-old billionaire uploaded footage of her autumnal decor. Kylie also displayed a bounty of tomatoes and strawberries
Included in her Instagram Stories was a shadow snapshot of her and one of her two children
Earlier this week Kylie modeled a skintight white Khy mini dress
Last week Jenner enjoyed the last of Paris Fashion Week as she closed out the Coperini show in a black gown.
Before that, she shared social media content that showed her chowing on a plate of spaghetti in the backseat of a luxury vehicle.
The mother-of-two was clad in a long-sleeved, off-the-shoulder top and matching skirt from Khy.
She was headed to a Atlein x Khy launch party, which she documented in a series of clips uploaded to her brand's Instagram Stories.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group