By ASHLEIGH GRAY FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  01:49, 13 April 2024   |  Updated:  01:56, 13 April 2024   
 52
View  comments
Kylie Jenner was active on Instagram Friday, sharing two sultry new snaps with her 400 million followers.
The 26-year-old media sensation — whose niece True Thompson just turned six — posed wearing an orange dress from her new clothing brand Khy.
She showed off her famous curves in the clinging number, which was asymmetric and sleeveless.
The mother-of-two, who shares Stormi, six, and Aire, two, with ex Travis Scott, rocked slicked, wet hair styled in a side part.
In the caption of the post, Kylie simply used eyes and an orange heart emoji.
Kylie Jenner was active on Instagram Friday, sharing two sultry new snaps with her 400 million followers
She posed wearing an orange dress from her new clothing brand Khy
It comes after Jenner and her family all enjoyed a trip to Turks and Caicos together for spring break.
While there, they had an early birthday celebration for True, whose birthday is April 12.
Khloe, 39, shares True with ex-boyfriend Tristan Thompson, 33. They also have a son named Tatum, who will turn two in July. 
Taking to Instagram on True's special day, Kardashian uploaded multiple photos with her daughter.
The pair kissed while wearing matching brown SKIMS sets in one picture.
Khloe wrote in the heartfelt post, 'My baby girl is six today. My sweet, silly but serious, sensitive but strong, kind, beautiful, loving little Tutu.'
Sharing another photo in Instagram Stories, she wrote, 'True, my happy, fun, beautiful birthday girl.
'I will love the little ones you were before, the perfect girl you are today, and every version of you you will be in the future.
Kylie's niece True Thompson, her sister Khloe Kardashian's daughter, just turned six
Taking to Instagram on True's special day, Kardashian uploaded multiple photos with her daughter
Khloe continued her stroll down memory lane as she shared an old picture from when True was a baby. And as she shared a smiling image of True wearing a pink bow headband, she said: 'You changed my life forever and I love every part of who you are'
'You are my heartbeat, my happiness, my soul, my truth. My Tutu forever. Love Mommy x.'
Khloe continued her stroll down memory lane as she shared an old picture from when True was a baby.
She wrote, 'It's a strange feeling as your child grows older. You love the amazing little person they are becoming. But at the same time you miss all the little versions of them. The little ones they used to be.' 
And as she shared a smiling image of True wearing a pink bow headband, she said: 'You changed my life forever and I love every part of who you are.' 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group