Last weekend, NFL franchises congregated in Detroit, Michigan, to sort through eligible talent and recruit the next generation of top players. As per usual, we had our eyes fixed on the occasion's best footwear, which is why we rounded up some of our favorite sightings alongside their respective StockX-links for you to snag 'em. 
Amongst the guests of honor was Detroit-native and Hip Hop legend, Eminem. His relaxed 'fit's center of gravity'd most definitely have to be his 1988-inspired Jordan 3s; a classic vintage design with eye-catching accentuations.  
Linebacker Derrick Moore is a national champion of college football with the Michigan Wolverines, and a big prospect for draft 2026. He is also, it turns out, a kicks-connoisseur. Here, he sports Travis Scott's reverse-swoosh, stitched black low rises, for a left-of-center, athleti-luxe look. 
Quarterback Drake Maye's was just drafted by the New England Patriots – and is a fan of juxtaposing his suit & tie with color coordinated UNC-exclusive sneakers and snapbacks. His smile says it all, as mischievous as his outfit.
Through microscopic effort, we stumbled upon this dude who took the stage to promote the draft-a-pup pet adoption program – and did so rocking faded jeans on cream-colored 97 Air Maxs. Green flags all over this one.
Now this dude you couldn't overlook if you wanted to. Billed a Las Vegas Raiders Super Fan by the photo agency we took this image from, he's an example of us wanting to give credit where it is due: the grays in the Bred Shadow Jordans compliment the grays in his camo shorts and silver jersey, with touches of poppy red connecting the shoes to the tattoos. Nice job.  
Want to keep browsing? Download the Highsnobiety app for all the hottest products and brands from the Highsnobiety Shop. Highsnobiety has affiliate marketing partnerships, which means we may receive a commission from your purchase.
Titel Media GmbH (Highsnobiety), is committed to facilitating and improving the accessibility and usability of its Website, www.highsnobiety.com. Titel Media GmbH strives to ensure that its Website services and content are accessible to persons with disabilities including users of screen reader technology. To accomplish this, Titel Media GmbH tests, remediates and maintains the Website in-line with the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG), which also bring the Website into conformance with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990.
Please be aware that our efforts to maintain accessibility and usability are ongoing. While we strive to make the Website as accessible as possible some issues can be encountered by different assistive technology as the range of assistive technology is wide and varied.
If, at any time, you have specific questions or concerns about the accessibility of any particular webpage on this Website, please contact us at accessibility@highsnobiety.com, +49 (0)30 235 908 500. If you do encounter an accessibility issue, please be sure to specify the web page and nature of the issue in your email and/or phone call, and we will make all reasonable efforts to make that page or the information contained therein accessible for you.