Sophie is a Newsweek Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in Lincoln, UK. Her focus is reporting on film and TV, trending news and the entertainment industry. She has covered pop culture, women's rights and the arts extensively. Sophie joined Newsweek in 2022 from Social Change UK, and has previously written for The Untitled Magazine, The Mary Sue, Ms. Magazine and Screen Rant. She graduated with a BA Honours in Fine Art from Birmingham City University and has an MA in Arts Journalism from the University of Lincoln. Languages: English.
You can get in touch with Sophie by emailing s.lloyd@newsweek.com.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
Kourtney Kardashian's latest Instagram photos have spawned a bizarre conspiracy theory online.
The 45-year-old shared a reel of throwback snaps to the platform on Sunday. Taken in summer 2020 with a disposable camera, the photos show Kardashian by the pool with her son, Reign Disick.
Born in 2014, 9-year-old Reign is Kardashian's youngest child with her ex-partner Scott Disick. The reality star also shares Mason, 14, and Penelope, 11, with the socialite, as well as being mom to six-month-old Rocky with her husband Travis Barker.
However, the pictures sparked speculation that Reign's father isn't Disick, but rather Justin Bieber.
Kardashian reportedly had a brief "rebound" fling with the Canadian singer in 2015, following her split from Disick.
The duo were spotted hanging out together in Los Angeles, with a source telling Page Six at the time that the Poosh founder and Grammy winner seemed "inseparable." Neither Kardashian or Bieber confirmed the rumored romance. Newsweek has reached out to Kourtney Kardashian via email and Bieber by Instagram for comment.
However, claims that Bieber is Reign's father are unfounded. Reign was born in 2014, a year before Kardashian and Bieber supposedly began dating. Regardless of the facts, this hasn't stopped internet detectives suggesting otherwise.
"Reign is justin's baby," commented Instagram user @sofiaaalfaaro Deanna Corley on the reel.
"Wow definitely JB son!," agreed Robyn.
"Looks just like his dad, little Bieber," said El patron.
"Bieber Jr! Is handsome," joked Dan Lacey.
"That's a bieber stop messing w me," wrote Chloe.
"I feel so bad for Reign!" said Trisha Adams. "What he must be going thru with all the talk about who his biological father is!"
Kourtney isn't the only Kardashian to face crazy rumors. During an appearance on Jimmy Kimmel Live! on 22 April, her sister Kim was questioned regarding some of the wild gossip about her online.
However, many of the stories turned out to be true. The 43-year-old confirmed that she did have her 14th birthday party at Michael Jackson's Neverland Ranch in Santa Barbara, along with the rumor that she sleeps with her eyes half open.
"My sisters have taken videos and pictures," she explained, before verifying that she does heat up her jewelry with a hair dryer before wearing it because she hates being cold.
Kourtney's younger sister Khloe has also battled wacky paternity rumors. The 39-year-old and her mom, Kris Jenner, have long denied claims that Khloe's father is O.J. Simpson. The rumors were reignited following the football star's death on April 10 this year.
In her 2011 memoir, Kris Jenner and All Things Kardashian, the 68-year-old admitted to having an affair during her marriage to the late Robert Kardashian. The reality star shared Kourtney, Kim and Khloe with the attorney, who passed away from cancer in September 2003.
The couple were friends with the NFL star and his wife, Nicole Simpson, in the early 1990s. Robert Kardashian was also a part of Simpson's defense team during his 1995 trial for the murder of Nicole and her friend, Ron Goldman.
However, there is no evidence to suggest Khloe is O.J. Simpson's daughter, with Jenner refuting claims that she had a romantic relationship with the running back. Simpson also dismissed the rumors during an appearance on the Full Send podcast in 2022, telling host Kyle Forgeard: "The rumor ain't true. It's not even anywhere close to being true."
Sophie is a Newsweek Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in Lincoln, UK. Her focus is reporting on film and TV, trending news and the entertainment industry. She has covered pop culture, women's rights and the arts extensively. Sophie joined Newsweek in 2022 from Social Change UK, and has previously written for The Untitled Magazine, The Mary Sue, Ms. Magazine and Screen Rant. She graduated with a BA Honours in Fine Art from Birmingham City University and has an MA in Arts Journalism from the University of Lincoln. Languages: English.
You can get in touch with Sophie by emailing s.lloyd@newsweek.com.
Sophie is a Newsweek Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in Lincoln, UK. Her focus is reporting on film and TV, trending news and the entertainment industry. She has covered pop culture, women's rights and the arts extensively. Sophie joined Newsweek in 2022 from Social Change UK, and has previously written for The Untitled Magazine, The Mary Sue, Ms. Magazine and Screen Rant. She graduated with a BA Honours in Fine Art from Birmingham City University and has an MA in Arts Journalism from the University of Lincoln. Languages: English.
You can get in touch with Sophie by emailing s.lloyd@newsweek.com.
Sophie is a Newsweek Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in Lincoln, UK. Her focus is reporting on film and                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC