By CHIKAMSO CHUKWUENYEM FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  12:42, 22 February 2024   |  Updated:  12:45, 22 February 2024   
 104
View  comments
Crop-top wearing Kylie Jenner downed shots while on holiday with sister Kendall Jenner and best friend Hailey Bieber in a video she shared to TikTok on Wednesday.
The beauty mogul, 26, stunned in the video she shared to her over 50 million followers with the caption '24 hrs', cheekily showcasing her red thong in a white lace maxi skirt.
Her TikTok featured numerous clips from her time at the resort she was staying in with Kendall, Hailey, and many more friends.
As well as the several shots, Kylie enjoyed some beer before soothing her throat with two helpings of ice cream.
Kylie inventively placed her phone in the boot of a car to film herself with a large bouquet of flowers and making kissy faces with Hailey. 
Crop top wearing Kylie Jenner downed shots on holiday with sister Kendall Jenner, 28, (right) and best friend Hailey Bieber, 27, in a video she shared to TikTok on Wednesday
The beauty mogul, 26, stunned in the video she shared to her over 50 million followers with the caption '24 hrs' and cheekily showcased her red thong in a white lace maxi skirt
Her TikTok featured numerous clips from her time at the resort she was staying in with Kendall, Hailey, (right) and many more friends 
The fun-filled video ended with Kylie et al enjoying some karaoke - and their song of choice was Plain White T's' Hey There Delilah.
All in all, Kylie enjoyed three shots and one beer in the video, in which she wore two stylish outfits.
She wore the stunning white lace maxi skirt and a red thong, which showed through, with a tight white crop top. 
The billionaire also wore a suede off-the-shoulder long-sleeved top and matching leggings and sported a crucifix necklace.
Kylie left her boyfriend and her two children with rapper ex Travis Scott - Stormi, 6, and Aire, two - at home with their father.
She is currently enjoying a romance with Wonka actor Timothée Chalamet, 28, and the couple have become known for their PDA.
Kylie and Travis split in 2019 over two years together, rekindled things during the pandemic, and split for a final time in 2022.  Kylie began dating Timothée a few months later.
Also leaving her husband at home was Hailey, who has been married to Justin Bieber since 2018. 
Kylie enjoying the second of three shots she is seen taking in the video, wearing white crop top with a stunning white lace skirt 
At another point, Kylie, now dressed in a suede off-the-shoulder long-sleeved top, took yet another shot in a kitchen
Not done yet, Kylie drank some Corona beer while strapped in the back of a car
The billionaire eventually took a break from drinking and headed into a shop for some ice cream
She later filmed herself in a car enjoying another serving of ice cream, but in a cone, wearing chic black sunglasses
Kylie headed to the beach and filmed herself with her arm stretched wide, ensuring viewers got a shot of the white sand
Out and about, Kylie cleverly balancing her phone in the boot of her car and showed off her surgically enhanced figure
In another clip, she cocked her hip as she posed with a huge bouquet of flows - complete with a silver bow
Kylie then enlisted Hailey to join her behind her car and the two flashed their tummies 
Back at the resort, Kylie took a solo shot of Hailey who stunned in a grey, straight line-grooved top with extra long sleeves and a straw hat
The fun-filled video ended with Kylie et al enjoying some karaoke - and their song of choice was Plain White T's' Hey There Delilah 
Kylie sang along energetically for the camera, not missing a word, and Kendall soon joined her in frame

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group