By ASHLEIGH GRAY FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  05:46, 20 February 2024   |  Updated:  06:14, 20 February 2024   
 206
View  comments
Kylie Jenner dropped in on Instagram on Monday to share sexy new photos with her 400M followers.
The 26-year-old billionaire mogul — who plugged a vegan leather dress from her Khy range over the weekend — posed in a black string bikini.
In a mirror selfie posted to her Instagram Stories, she snapped a photo as she wore a pair of tiny, skintight black shorts.
She put on a busty display as she rocked her triangle top and teased the top of her thong bottoms.
The mother-of-two's dark hair was pulled back into a low bun with loose, face-framing pieces out at the front. 
Kylie Jenner dropped in on Instagram on Monday to share sexy new photos with her 400M followers
The 26-year-old billionaire mogul posed in a black string bikini
The reality television personality held a multicolor, woven bucket hat in one hand and wore a dainty gold watch on her wrist.
The beauty, who is dating Timothee Chalamet, was makeup-free in the pictures. 
She uploaded one to her grid on the photo-sharing app, showing off damp hair as she lounged by a pool.
Jenner captioned, 'home away from home,' alongside the single photo in which she rested her head in her hand.
The fashionista flaunted a short, glossy, nude pink manicure as the sun kissed her face. 
Days ago she was also active on the popular social media platform as she posted a set of photos in a plush fur coat.
The glamorous outerwear was brown with spots of white and she wore it with oversize, black aviator eyeglasses.
Underneath the frames she showed off a face of pink-toned makeup that highlighted her features.
Jenner went makeup-free in the snaps and held a multicolor, woven bucket hat in one hand
Days ago she was also active on the popular social media platform as she posted a set of photos in a plush fur coat
The glamorous outerwear was brown with spots of white and she wore it with oversize, black aviator eyeglasses
Kylie flashed her toned abdomen in the unexpected look, which she teamed with low-rise blue jeans and a black Nike duffle bag with red trim. 
The TV personality shares her six-year-old daughter as well as son Aire, two, with ex and rapper Travis Scott.
Over Valentine's Day, her beau Timothee was seen spending time in London while promoting his latest film Dune: Part 2, which hits theaters on March 1. 
The two have kept mum about their relationship although they have occasionally put on public displays of affection. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group