Taylor Swift commemorated the end of her record-breaking Eras Tour, which had 149 shows across five continents, with a heartfelt Instagram post Dec. 11 that included lyrics from one of her songs.
Taylor Swift is saying goodbye, goodbye, goodbye to The Eras Tour.
Three days after the “Lavender Haze” singer finished the final show of her 149-show, five-continent, two-year-long world tour that eviscerated ticket sales records, the 34-year-old celebrated her accomplishments with a short and sweet message. 
In the caption of a Dec. 11 Instagram post that included a carousel of fun-filled pictures of Taylor, her dancers and Gracie Abrams performing and bowing on stage, she commemorated the entire experience with lyrics from her song “All Too Well,” writing alongside a heart emoji, “It was rare. I was there. I remember it.”
And while the 14-time Grammy winner kept it brief on social media, she made sure to celebrate her success in other, very generous ways.
Over the course of the show’s two-year run, Taylor doled out $197 million in bonuses to her entire team—including the dancers, truck drivers, caterers, merch teams, band members, security, video teams, choreographers and many more—that helped make the Eras Tour the record-breaker that it was, E! News confirmed. 
Emphasizing the generosity of that large number, Taylor’s event production company, Taylor Swift Touring, revealed that she sold over $2 billion in ticket sales (not including merch or ticket resales) throughout the concert tour, meaning that her thank you gifts amount to nearly 10 percent of total ticket sales.
But the “Shake It Off” singer isn’t the only one acknowledging the hard work of all of those involved. Her boyfriend Travis Kelce—who she began dating in 2023—also praised Taylor and her crew.
“Shoutout to everybody that was a part of that show,” Travis said on the Dec. 11 episode of New Heights alongside his brother Jason Kelce. “Obviously, it’s her music, her tour and everything but that was a full production, man. It was the best tour in the world because of a lot of people.”
But, ever The Man to give his partner her flowers, he made sure to note, “And mostly because of Taylor.”
Keep reading for a look back at all the stars that attended The Eras Tour.
The comedian and wife Elle Key turned the Eras Tour into a date night in Toronto, Canada. He tweeted in November 2024, "And the night is just getting started! So excited to be at my first @taylorswift13 concert."
Billy Joel
"Our family attended the Taylor Swift concert at Hard Rock Stadium in Miami where Billy Joel/Elton John’s ‘Face to Face’ concert previously held the seating record," he wrote on Instagram. "Taylor’s second concert at Hard Rock Miami set a new record and ushered in a new era at Hard Rock Stadium. We were so happy to be a part of this record-breaking concert!  Plus, we got to celebrate with her mama. Celebrating someone’s success does not negate your own.  She is showing our girls all that is possible. Onward and upward."
Ashley Tisdale
"My little swiftie," the High School Musical alum wrote on October 2024. "Safe to say Jupiter loved her first concert."
Travis Kelce, Prince William, Princess Charlotte & Prince George
Taylor made her relationship with Travis Instagram official June 21, 2024, with the help of the royal family as they all joined her backstage at her concert in Wembley Stadium in London.
Prince William, Princess Charlotte & Prince George
Taylor also took another selfie with the royal family at her Wembley show.
Nicola Coughlan, Cara Delevingne & Jonathan Van Ness
The trio united in the VIP tent in London on June 21, 2024. 
Leslie Mann & Jonathan Van Ness
The Knocked Up actress also hung out with the Queer Eye alum at the Wembley concert.
Travis Kelce & Jonathan Van Ness
The NFL star was a true London Boy at Wembley Stadium with the Queer Eye star.
Jonathan Van Ness & Nicola Coughlan
Dearest reader, how adorable is this friendship?
Gayle King & Channing Tatum
The two bumped into each other at one of the singer's shows at SoFi Stadium in Inglewood, Calif. in August 2023.
Channing Tatum
The Step Up star showcased his dance moves.
Christina Milian
The "Dip It Low" singer and her teen daughter Violet were in a lavender haze at Taylor's Paris show in May 2024.
Jessica Capshaw
The Grey's Anatomy actress attended the Eras Tour in France in May 2024, captioning this pic with the Midnights lyric, "Cause we were in Paris."
Travis Kelce & Rita Ora
"It’s fair to say Sydney always delivers," Rita Ora captioned Instagram photos from Taylor's Feb. 23 show, including a snap with Travis Kelce. "Or shall we say our TayTay @taylorswift always delivers!”
Taika Waititi, Taylor Swift & Rita Ora
Taylor's dad Scott Swift delivered an epic photobomb.
Katy Perry
"Got to see an old friend shine tonight," Katy Perry captioned footage on Instagram from the Feb. 23 concert.
Tom DeLonge & Rebel Wilson
The Blink-182 rocker—whose band was playing near Taylor's Sydney venue on the same day—and the Pitch Perfect alum hung out in the VIP tent.
The Oscar winner captioned the moment with friends in Mexico City, "Spamming u w really good @taylorswift Eras Tour content."
The Pretty Little Liars star attended with friends Morgan Pesante, Katie Greenthal and Claire Leahy. "Omg??? @taylorswift putting on a show that was so good I can't even process," she wrote. "Nostalgic, empowering, and sparkly."
The "Bad at Love" singer got in the spirit by making friendship bracelets to trade with fans during the last Los Angeles show.
Mariska Hargitay & Savannah Guthrie
"Still in the afterglow of the most magical night," the Law & Order: Special Victims Unit star wrote on Instagram Aug. 9 after a bejeweled night out in L.A. "Deepest gratitude to @taylorswift for your poetry and wisdom. You inspire us and connect us to our #delicate tenderness, joy, hope and strength—and most of all, our wish to live and love courageously."
Sharing pics from an L.A. show, Chris Olsen quoted the T.Swift lyrics in his caption, "I DON'T KNOW HOW IT GETS BETTER THAN THIS."
"Eras tour (Dylan's version)," the influencer captioned fits of her rocking a Stella McCartney outfit. "@taylorswift you are a goddess best night ever."
Spencer Pratt & Heidi Montag
The Hills stars filled a blank space in their calendar with a date night in Los Angeles at the Eras Tour. Heidi Montag captioned their pics, "This was the concert of a lifetime! Legendary! Thank you for the tickets @taylorswift."
Jessica Alba & Cash Warren
"@taylorswift with the fam," Jessica Alba wrote, "what a show!" She and husband Cash Warren celebrated their love story by taking their kids Honor, Haven and Hayes.
The Mad Max star danced to "Shake It off" with her kids August and Jackson. "Thank you for the best birthday ever @taylorswift!!!" she wrote. "We had such a great f--king time."
Paula Abdul & Vince Vaughn
"What a SHOW," Paula Abdul wrote while posting for a photo with Vince Vaughn and Taylor's parents Scott and Andrea Swift in Los Angeles.
James Kennedy, Paula Abdul, Scheana Shay & Ally Lewber
The Vanderpump Rules stars made their wildest dreams come true on the floor with Paula.
The "No One singer" attended the Aug. 5 show at SoFi Stadium in Los Angeles with her 8-year-old son Genesis.
The actress attended one of Swift's shows at SoFi Stadium in Los Angeles with Anastasia Beverly Hills cosmetics founder Anastasia Soare and her daughter, Claudia.
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.