US rapper Travis Scott has announced a massive twelve-night European and UK tour for this coming summer. Following his sold-out 2023 North American UTOPIA - Circus Maximus Tour and record-breaking number one album UTOPIA, Scott will continue his success on his UTOPIA - Circus Maximus Tour, beginning in June.
The 12 arena and stadium dates also include two nights in the UK, including his largest UK headline show to date at Tottenham Hotspur Stadium, London. He’s also set to appear at Manchester’s Co-op Live.
Scott’s critically acclaimed album UTOPIA, was the biggest-selling hip-hop release of 2023, holding strong at No.1 on the Billboard Top 200 for four weeks running, and garnered over 50 billion streams globally. Spotify also named UTOPIA the most streamed album in its first week in 2023.
UTOPIA finds GRAMMY-nominated Travis Scott at the height of his powers as a performer, songwriter, producer, and collaborator proving that nobody sounds like Travis. It continues to enshrine him as the culture’s foremost sonic innovator and has been heralded as the ‘‘album of the decade’.
One pound from every ticket sold will go to Cactus Jack Foundation, a charity with a mission to uplift Houston youth through toy drives, scholarship programs to HBCU (Historically black colleges and universities) college students, and fulfilling expenses for education and creative endeavours.
Tickets for Travis Scott's tour will go on presale via Live Nation at 10am on Thursday, May 9. You can register for the presale now via Live Nation. You must be a Live Nation member to register for the presale.
Tickets will go on general sale on Friday, May 10 at 10am via Live Nation and Ticketmaster.
Tickets will go on presale at 10am on Thursday, May 9 at 10am via Live Nation. General sale tickets will be released at 10am on Friday, May 10 via Live Nation and Ticketmaster.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.