Hear ye, hear ye…the 66th Annual Grammy Awards are coming! Below, find everything you need to know about music’s biggest night, from when they are and how to watch them to who’s due to perform. 
The 2024 Grammys are set for tonight, Sunday, February 4, from 8 to 11:30 p.m. ET/5 to 8:30 p.m. PT. Like last year, they’ll take place at the Crypto.com Arena in Los Angeles.
You can watch the ceremony on CBS or stream it live via Paramount+. Keen to catch the red-carpet shenanigans beforehand? Live From E!: 2024 Grammys, hosted by Laverne Cox and comedian Heather McMahan, begins at 6 p.m. ET/3 p.m. PT.
For the fourth consecutive year, comedian Trevor Noah will host the show. (He’s also a 2024 Grammy nominee: His 2022 Netflix comedy special, I Wish You Would, is up for best comedy album.)
With nine nods for her second studio album, SOS, SZA is the night’s most nominated artist—closely followed by Victoria Monét and Phoebe Bridgers, honored with seven nominations each. The likes of Taylor Swift, Olivia Rodrigo, Miley Cyrus, and Billie Eilish are also up for awards, however; see the full list of nominees here.
Kind of a fun list! Christina Aguilera, Samara Joy, Lenny Kravitz, Maluma, Lionel Richie, Mark Ronson, Meryl Streep, Taylor Tomlinson, and Oprah Winfrey have all been tapped to help hand out awards and introduce performers.
Another fun group! The artists slated to take the stage include SZA, Eilish, Rodrigo, Billy Joel (who recently released his first new song in decades), Burna Boy, Dua Lipa, Joni Mitchell (!!!), Luke Combs (with Tracy Chapman!), and Travis Scott. A performance by U2 will also be broadcast from Las Vegas’s Sphere.
Additional performers were revealed on February 2: According to The Hollywood Reporter, Stevie Wonder, Annie Lennox, Fantasia Barrino, and Jon Batiste will honor the life and work of Tony Bennett, Sinéad O’Connor, Tina Turner, and music executive Clarence Avant (the “Godfather of Black Music”), respectively, during the “In Memoriam” segment of tonight’s show. 
More from Vogue
See More Stories
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Vogue may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
CN Fashion & Beauty