Photo by Christopher Polk/Golden Globes 2024/Golden Globes 2024 via Getty Images
Wondering whether Kylie Jenner and Timothée Chalamet still together? You’re not alone — after the two made their first public appearance together at the 2024 Golden Awards, things seem to have gone radio silent. So, what’s the latest scoop between the pair?
Keep reading for updates on the couple’s relationship:
It seems the two are still going strong! Kylie was seen supporting her beau at the 2025 Golden Globes in January, where they were spotted chatting, kissing and being overall cuties.
Kylie Jenner & Timothee Chalamet. pic.twitter.com/pGVQJLGOTe
— cortezz (@wildflowsr) January 6, 2025
The sighting comes a month after they were spotted arm in arm while attending an after-party at the Dolby Theatre on December 10 for Timothée’s new Bob Dylan biopic in L.A, per TMZ footage.
In October 2024, an insider told People Magazine that Timmy’s “close with her family and she’s close with his family. It’s very serious, but also a fun relationship.”
The source also said that the two are a “a great couple,” that “everyone loves them together,” and that “they’ve really been able to figure out a good balance between working and spending quality time together. He’s involved with her kids and appreciates that they will always be her priority.”
The Wonka star was last spotted with the Kylie Beauty founder in June 2024. Timothée and Kylie were trying to keep a low profile as they attended the TCL Chinese Theatre in Hollywood, according to celebrity gossip account Deuxmoi. This was the first time they were seen together in months.
ICYMI, Kylie and Timothée first sparked romance rumors in April 2023, when Instagram gossip account Deux Moi posted about the alleged couple on their account, alongside a caption that read, “NEW COUPLE ALERT.”
Since then, the two were spotted on multiple occasions, like that time when Timmy took Kylie to be his date at the 2024 Golden Globes and they were spotted sweetly talking to one another which eventually became a topic of lip-synch TikTok for several weeks.
Prior to the Oscar-nominated actor, Kylie split amicably from rapper Travis Scott, who she shares two children with, in early 2023.
“Kylie and Travis are off again, they were supposed to spend the holidays together, but she went to Aspen to be with her family and friends up there,” an insider told Us Weeky in January 2023. “This has happened so many times before, they’re known to be on again off again, but always remain friends and great coparents.”
Love J-14? Be sure to subscribe to our YouTube channel for fun, exclusive videos with your favorite stars.
J-14 has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.
J-14 is part of the a360media Entertainment Group.Copyright © a360media 2025. All Rights Reserved