Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
"We're definitely nervous," Sandler shared about feeling pressure surrounding the Netflix sequel movie from director Kyle Newacheck.

							By 

	Ryan Gajewski

Senior Entertainment Reporter

Adam Sandler is driving toward the release of Happy Gilmore 2, with the Netflix sequel having recently wrapped principal photography.

	The star was a guest on the Dan Patrick Show episode that aired Friday, where he revealed that the movie completed filming that day. With Kyle Newacheck directing, the follow-up to the 1996 comedy stars Sandler as the unlikely titular golfer and has not yet announced a release date.



	During the conversation, Patrick discussed having been on the set a day prior to film an appearance. When Patrick asked Sandler when the film might be available to stream, the guest replied, “I don’t know 100 percent, but I think around July. Not July 4th, but we’re trying to get it done in time for July. You never know what’s going to happen. We’re just finishing today — it’s the last day.”

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	TV
			



	
		
					Julia Garner Eyes FTX Limited Series at Netflix, Higher Ground Producing		
			














	
	TV
			



	
		
					'Little House on the Prairie' Remake Casts More Ingalls Family Members		
			








	Regarding how much pressure he feels to live up to the original movie, Sandler said, “A lot — I want it to be great.” He added, “It’s on your mind. We’ve got a lot of good stuff, and we just want to make sure that it all comes together and keeps it going from start to finish, and that’s the goal. We’ll see. We’re definitely nervous, but we feel some sort of confidence.”

	Sandler also teased a couple of the film’s cameos, including an appearance from Eminem. “Eminem was cool. He came by, and he was great,” Sandler shared. “I know Eminem for a long time, and he’s a great guy. He came in and was funny as hell. I think we just hung out a day with Eminem, and he just shot and shot, and it was insane. Said a million things we can use and a million things that we’re glad we have him on tape.”

	The star also confirmed that golfing legend Jack Nicklaus is among the sport’s prominent names to appear in the project. “He came by for a couple of days — all these great golfers came by,” Sandler said. “They did a great scene, and we all hung out. He was amazing, and his wife was awesome. In the scene, I sit next to Jack, so I got to talk to him, and he was so nice to me, man.” 

Christopher McDonald, Julie Bowen and Ben Stiller will return from the first movie that was directed by Dennis Dugan, who is an executive producer on the sequel and also reprises his role as the golf tour commissioner. New additions to the cast include Benny Safdie, Bad Bunny, Margaret Qualley and Scott Mescudi, while there are cameos from Travis Kelce and golfer John Daly.

	










	Returning as producers for the sequel are Sandler, Tim Herlihy, Robert Simonds and Jack Giarraputo. Sandler and Herlihy wrote the screenplay for Happy Gilmore 2 after penning the original movie’s script.

	Universal released Happy Gilmore on Feb. 16, 1996. It has since become a cult hit and one of Sandler’s most revered titles.
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.