By
Rolling Loud celebrates 10 years with an epic lineup for its next festival.
On Monday (August 12), the popular festival unveiled the lineup for its 10th annual bash at Hard Rock Stadium in Miami from Dec. 13-15, and it’s a party you won’t want to miss.
Headliners include Hip Hop heavyweights Travis Scott, Playboi Carti, and Future, bringing the heat. But that’s just the start—Yeat, Metro Boomin, Lil Baby, Gunna, Don Toliver, Sexyy Red, Shaboozey, Bryson Tiller, Lil Yachty & Concrete Boyz, Kodak Black, Trippie Redd, Tyga, Polo G, Ken Carson, Sheff G & Sleepy Hallow, JT, Denzel Curry, 4Batz, Rick Ross, and many more are all set to take the stage. 
A post shared by Rolling Loud (@rollingloud)
In addition to a powerhouse lineup, featuring today’s hottest artists festival-goers can dive into unique activations and snag some epic merch. Plus, it’s all happening right after Art Basel Miami, so the city will be buzzing with pre-festival events.
Tickets drop on Saturday (August 16) at noon ET, but if you’re eager to jump the line, Google Pay presale starts at 11 a.m. ET on Wednesday (August 14), and runs through Thursday (August 15). 
In related news, this lineup announcement comes shortly after Travis Scott’s recent arrest in Paris. On Friday (August 9), it was reported that the 33-year-old rapper was detained at the George V luxury hotel following an altercation with his bodyguard after being overwhelmed by paparazzi around 5 a.m. local time (11 p.m. ET Thursday). Paris police intervened, and Scott, whose real name is Jacques Bermon Webster, was arrested for “violence against another person.”
Scott was in Paris for the Olympic Games and had been spotted at the men’s basketball semi-final on August 7, where the U.S. team defeated Serbia. The Paris prosecutor’s office has since clarified the charges as “violence against a security guard,” noting that the guard had stepped in to break up the fight between Scott and his bodyguard.
Scott was released the next day, August 10. According to Page Six, the Grammy-nominated artist will not face charges related to this incident.
Are you a HOT 97 VIP?  Unlock exclusive, VIP Only access to the latest news, offers, contests, events, and more.  There is no cost to join for a limited time.
Δ
#1 for Hip Hop
Copyright 2024 Hot 97