Photo: Getty Images
Pop superstar Taylor Swift and Kansas City Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce's families reportedly spent Thanksgiving together for the first time, a source with knowledge of the situation confirmed to PEOPLE.
The Swifts -- which included Taylor's parents Andrea and Scott -- hosted the Kelces in Nashville last Thursday (November 28), hours before flying to Kansas City for the Chiefs' 19-17 win against the AFC West Division rival Las Vegas Raiders on Friday (November 29).
"Taylor and Travis had a great Thanksgiving together with their families," the source said, acknowledging that Swift was in South America for her 'Eras Tour' during Thanksgiving last year. "It's the first Thanksgiving they celebrated together."
Travis' brother, retired former Philadelphia Eagles All-Pro center Jason Kelce, his pregnant wife, Kylie and their three daughters were also reported to be in attendance. 
"Taylor and her family were excited to host the Kelces this year," the source added. "Jason was there with his family and kids too. It was very festive and special."
Swift, 34, was seen entering Arrowhead Stadium with Kelce's mother, Donna, and her own father on Friday. The pop star had recently missed the Chiefs' two prior road games as she finishes the final stops on her historic 'Eras Tour' concert, which is set to conclude next weekend in Vancouver.
Swift was in attendance during the Chiefs' November 10 home game against the Denver Broncos, which saw Kelce record his 76th career touchdown reception, tying Pro Football Hall of Famer Tony Gonzalez for the most among Chiefs players. Kelce famously revealed that he attempted to give Swift a friendship bracelet with his phone number when he attended her concert at Arrowhead Stadium prior to their relationship in 2023. 
Swift later said that the three-time Super Bowl champion "very adorably put me on blast" when he acknowledged the situation on his New Heights podcast, which she said "was metal as hell" while being featured as Time Magazine's 'Person of the Year' in December 2023.