Getty Images (2)
Travis Kelce knows what’s up when it comes to “Tayvoodoo.” The NFL star joked about how girlfriend Taylor Swift‘s presence at his games has led Swifties to coin the term, claiming that the pop superstar has “voodoo” powers to help the Kansas City Chiefs pull off improbable wins.
The Ohio native, 35, referenced the term on his Wednesday, December 4, “New Heights” podcast alongside his brother, Jason Kelce, while the siblings were discussing their favorite sports movies.
Jason, 37, named Michael Jordan‘s Space Jam as his favorite sports film, while Travis said he preferred baseball-themed flicks.
“Rookie of the Year, Angels in the Outfield — I’d love to f–king feel what it’s like,” the three-time Super Bowl champ explained.
Jason jumped in to say his brother and Taylor, 34, had a certain something before the two broke down laughing over Tayvoodoo.
“I feel like you guys are the Angels in the Outfield … There’s some unknown like …” the retired Philadelphia Eagles star noted. Trav shot back, “Here he goes with this Tayvoodoo s–t,” quipping about his sibling, “This dude is such a d–khead.”
Tayvoodoo is a term coined by the “Fortnight” singer’s fans for the phenomenon of when bad things happen to those who cross Taylor, while good things happen to those on her side.
“Tayvoodoo” was a trending topic on X when Taylor attended the Chiefs’ Black Friday game against their rivals the Las Vegas Raiders in Kansas City on November 29. The team was on the verge of losing in the final seconds before the Raiders had a botched snap within field goal range, resulting in Kansas City recovering the ball and walking away with an improbable 19-17 win.
The victory secured the Chiefs a playoff berth and kept their record at a stellar 11-1, despite having so many games end in close calls or missed opportunities by the other team to beat the defending Super Bowl champs.
Taylor was there to watch all the action from Travis’ suite at Arrowhead Stadium, alongside his mom, Donna Kelce, and her dad, Scott Swift.
The Grammy winner donned a bright red Louis Vuitton half-zip sweater in honor of the Chiefs’ team color, along with black skinny jeans and tall black platform boots. Taylor accessorized with a never-before-seen diamond and ruby “87” pendant around her neck, honoring Travis’ jersey number.
Taylor has attended six of Travis’ games in the 2024 season while balancing the final dates of her Eras tour. However, she was noticeably absent from the Chiefs’ only loss to their AFC rival Buffalo Bills on November 17.
The “Anti-Hero” singer had played the third of her six Eras tour shows in Toronto, Canada, the night before the game. Numerous fans noted how it was only a two-hour drive to Buffalo, New York, to watch Travis play, but she did not show up and the Chiefs went down in a 30-21 loss.
Travis previously said how “disrespectful” Buffalo fans were to Taylor and his family during the January 21 divisional round game where the Chiefs won en route to their 2024 Super Bowl victory.
“There was a lot of hate pulling up to that stadium, man. Understandable it’s a football game, the Bills, coming into their house, they want to make it rowdy. Did it get a little disrespectful? One thousand percent. Did it get a little extra? One thousand percent,” Travis stated on the January 24 episode of his “New Heights” podcast.
Trav refused to repeat what was said “because that’s what they want,” adding, “Some things were said about the families. Some pretty inappropriate things were said about Pat Mahomes, it was pretty whack. I get it, coming into a hostile environment. I respect it, but I just wanted to make sure [they] knew it wasn’t mutual.”
Conversation
All comments are subject to our Community Guidelines. Life & Style does not endorse
						the opinions and views shared by our readers in our comment sections. Our comments section is a place
						where readers can engage in healthy, productive, lively, and respectful discussions. Offensive language,
						hate speech, personal attacks, and/or defamatory statements are not permitted. Advertising or spam is
						also prohibited.
					
Life & Style has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.
Life & Style is part of the a360media Entertainment Group.Copyright © a360media 2025. All Rights Reserved
By clicking Sign In, you agree to our Terms and Conditions and that you have read our Privacy Policy.
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include:
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include: