The rapper was arrested in the early morning hours of June 20, and has since been released after posting bond.

													By
												

	Michael Saponara


Travis Scott was arrested early Thursday morning (June 20) for disorderly intoxication and trespassing. Miami-Dade County Jail records show that Scott — born Jacques Webster — was arrested  for trespassing of property after a warning. 

Billboard has reached out to the rapper’s attorney and reps, as well as the Miami-Dade police for comment.

	According to the arrest affidavit obtained by Billboard, Scott (born Jacques Webster) was booked into Miami-Dade County Jail after being arrested at 1:17 a.m. He’s facing trespassing of property charges along with disorderly intoxication. CNN, citing jail records and law enforcement, reports that Scott has already submitted a $650 bond following his early morning arrest at the Miami Beach Marina. 

	










	Scott was on a charter boat and allegedly got into a dispute with another crew, CNN reported, citing law enforcement. Police were called, and he was asked to leave the scene, which he did. According to the affidavit, police — who were wearing body cameras — saw the rapper yell at the crew on the yacht, and were able to “sense a strong smell of alcohol” on his breath. But he returned minutes later and allegedly started yelling at the crew again despite police telling him to not approach the boat, which led to his arrest.

	“The defendant later admitted that he had been drinking alcohol and stated, ‘It’s Miami,’” according to the affidavit.

	A source familiar with the situation tells Billboard that there was no physical altercation at what was described as a party, noting that the artist is already home after posting bail.

	Scott appeared to have some fun with his mug shot after his release on Thursday morning. In an Instagram Story post, he added a pair of white headphones and brown shades to the photo.

	It’s not the first time the 33-year-old has had run-ins with the law. In 2018, he pleaded guilty to disorderly conduct following allegations of inciting a riot at a Northwest Arkansas concert the year prior. The rapper is also entrenched in a litany of lawsuits tied to the 2021 Astroworld Festival, which left 10 people dead and more than 700 injured. 

	The final wrongful death lawsuit from the festival was settled in May. Terms of the agreement remain unknown. The family of 9-year-old Ezra Blount, who was killed in the Houston festival crowd surge, sued Scott along with Live Nation, Apple and more entities connected to Astroworld. 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.