By 

	Steven J. Horowitz

Senior Music Writer

	With less than a week to go until the release of his new album, Kid Cudi is giving fans a preview of what they can expect on his upcoming album “Insano.”

	The rapper, who has been teasing his ninth album as far back as 2021, took to Instagram to reveal the tracklist and guest features on the project. The 21-track standard edition will feature appearances by DJ Drama, ASAP Rocky, Lil Yachty, Pharrell Williams, XXXTentacion, Lil Wayne, Young Thug and Travis Scott, who cameos on two tracks including the already released single “At the Party.”

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					Horror Overkill: Too Many Scary Movies Set for 2025 Theatrical Releases		
			














	
		
					Dasha Is 'Here for the Party' as Amazon's New Breakthrough Artist, After High-Profile Gigs at Stagecoach and Power of Women (EXCLUSIVE)		
			








	Cudi previously stated on X (formerly Twitter) that between the standard and deluxe versions of “Insano,” there would be more than 40 tracks released to the public. Before “Insano,” he’d suggested that he would retire from dropping music under his stage name, though doubled back since then. “Insano,” which is scheduled for Jan. 12, was initially slated for Sept. 2023.




			Popular on Variety		






	Since debuting in 2009 with his major label debut “Man on the Moon: The End of Day,” Cudi has secured five albums to make the top 10 on the Billboard 200. Most recently, his 2022 album “Entergalactic” reached No. 13 on the chart. That record was accompanied by a visual companion that took the form of a TV special and premiered on Netflix in Sept. 2022. Actors and musicians including Timothée Chalamet, Jaden Smith, Macaulay Culkin and Teyana Taylor contributed vocal work to the special.

	Cudi’s Hollywood resume has grown in recent years as well. In 2023, he appeared in “House Party” and “Silent Night,” and served as one of the voice actors in “Trolls Band Together.”
A post shared by Willis (@kidcudi)
The Business of Entertainment