Music's biggest night will take place on Feb. 4 with performances from Joni Mitchell, Travis Scott, and Olivia Rodrigo.
 The countdown is on to music's biggest awards show! The 2024 Grammy Awards, hosted once again by Trevor Noah, will take place on Sunday, Feb. 4.

 The 66th annual ceremony has plenty of opportunities to be memorable — and even historic. Billie Eilish could join Paul Simon and Bruno Mars as the only artists with three Record of the Year awards. (She'd be the only one to win all three as a solo artist.) Meanwhile, the year of Taylor Swift could continue to look more like the years of Taylor Swift, as she has the chance to pass Stevie Wonder and Frank Sinatra as the artist with the most Album of the Year wins.

 Elsewhere during the broadcast, Joni Mitchell will perform at the Grammys for the first time. Other nominees who are set to take the stage include Eilish, Billy Joel, SZA, Dua Lipa, Travis Scott, Olivia Rodrigo, and many more.

 Here's everything you need to know to watch the Grammys live this Sunday.

CBS
 The 66th Grammy Awards ceremony will take place on Sunday, Feb. 4, at 8 p.m. ET/5 p.m. PT. The star-studded event will be hosted at Crypto.com Arena in Los Angeles. (Be sure to follow along with EW's full coverage of the show.)

 The Grammys will be broadcast live on CBS. You'll be able to catch the show starting at 8 p.m. ET/5 p.m. PT.

 In addition to airing live on network TV, the Grammys will be streaming on Paramount+. The broadcast will be available live and on demand for Paramount+ with Showtime subscribers. Alternatively, Paramount+ Essential subscribers can watch the show on demand the next day.

 Of course, the ceremony will also be available to viewers via live TV streaming services like Sling, Fubo, YouTube TV, and Hulu + Live TV.

Michael Schwartz/CBS
 For the fourth consecutive year, comedian and podcaster Trevor Noah will host the Grammys. In addition to being witty, Noah — who left The Daily Show in late 2022 — has showcased a deep appreciation and knowledge of music history in his previous hosting stints.

 The Grammys performance list is stacked in 2024. The stage will feature legends like U2, Billy Joel, and Joni Mitchell, who is performing at the Grammys for the very first time despite having won nine awards in the past.

 The show will also feature performances from SZA, Dua Lipa, Travis Scott, Olivia Rodrigo, Burna Boy, Billie Eilish, and Luke Combs. Find more details about all the performers in EW's guide to Grammy performers.

 The Grammys premiere ceremony, where awards for categories that are not part of the broadcast portion of the show are presented, will stream online once again this year. The pre-show will take place on the same day as the main event, starting on Sunday, Feb. 4, at 3:30 p.m. ET/12:30 p.m. PT.

 The special presentation will stream live on the Recording Academy's YouTube channel and at live.grammy.com.

 The afternoon soiree hands out the majority of the trophies for less high-profile (but still important!) categories. Like the CBS broadcast, the Grammys premiere ceremony features live music, including an opening number by J. Ivy, Larkin Poe, Pentatonix, Sheila E., and Jordin Sparks. Later, there will be performances from Adam Blackstone, Brandy Clark, Kirk Franklin, Robert Glasper, Bob James, Laufey, Terrace Martin, and Gaby Moreno and David Aguilar.

 E! is broadcasting from the Grammys red carpet, where you can see interviews with your favorite stars. Hosted by Laverne Cox and comedian Heather McMahan, E! Live From the Red Carpet begins at 6 p.m. ET/3 p.m. PT on E!.

 Sign up for Entertainment Weekly's free daily newsletter to get breaking TV news, exclusive first looks, recaps, reviews, interviews with your favorite stars, and more.

 Related content

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)