Manage your account
More from Footwear News
Here's Every Air Jordan Sneaker Releasing in May
The Remixed Air Jordan 12 'Red Taxi' Sneaker Will Release in May
The Air Jordan 11 Low 'Space Jam' Sneaker Makes Its Debut Next Week
J. Balvin will soon see his two-pack of Air Jordan 3s inspired by South America.
The J. Balvin x Air Jordan 3 “Rio” will release in May following a white “Medellín” edition that released last year. Whereas the previous version saw an off-white form the majority of the sneaker, this Air Jordan 3 is dominated by black. Once again, the heel stabilizer takes on a purple, orange and yellow gradient. Also making a return are the translucent mustaches with a gradient beneath and mismatched Nike Swoosh and smiley face marks. The same lightning bolt that makes up the eyes in the smiley face also forms the “i” in “Air.” Besides black, further deviation comes from an orange tongue interior and a translucent outsole in the same color.
J. Balvin has been collaborating on the Air Jordan models in sequential order beginning with a rainbow Air Jordan 1 released in 2020. The Air Jordan 3 marks the first time he’s received two colorways for a single sneaker, and the “Rio” and “Medellín” editions take additional inspiration from the sunrise and sunset, respectively, . Behind Travis Scott’s Air Jordan and Nike releases, his sneakers collaborations are arguably the most sought-after of any musicians today.
The J. Balvin x Air Jordan 3 “Rio” will release May 22 through the Snkrs app and select third-party retailers. Pricing is set at $250.
Ian Servantes is a Senior Trending News Editor for Footwear News specializing in sneaker coverage. He’s previously reported on streetwear and sneakers at Input and Highsnobiety after beginning his career on the pop culture beat. He subscribes to the idea that “ball is life” and doesn’t fuss over his kicks getting dirty. 
Best of Footwear News
The History of Oxford Shoes: From University Grounds to Red Carpets
Clogs Evolution Through the Years, Photos
Vera Bradley x Crocs Collaborations: Harry Potter, Little Mermaid & More
Sign up for FN's Newsletter. For the latest news, follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram.