By KEVIN KAYHART FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  01:59, 27 April 2024   |  Updated:  02:04, 27 April 2024   
 60
View  comments
Kourtney Kardashian was seen behind the wheel of one of husband Travis Barker's collection of classic cards.
The happy couple were spotted out and about on a coffee run in their hometown of Calabasas, California on Friday. 
Travis has been known to be a classic car lover with  a special taste for Cadillacs and other classics.
Considering Barker has a passion for vintage cars, trucks and motorcycles, typically it would be the rocker who would be seen cruising behind-the-wheel of his own Chevy 5K Blazer, which usually sells for about $50,000, according to Auto Evolution.
Kourtney Kardashian, 45, and husband Travis Barker, 48, headed out on a coffee run on Friday near their home in Calabasas, California with The Kardashians star behind-the-wheel of a Chevy 5K Blazer, which typically can sell for about $50,000
The celebrity couple cruised along the suburban streets of Calabasas from their nearby home in their classic black convertible truck on another lovely Southern California day
On this day, the couple were color and fashion coordinated in their respective black hoodies that they both wore on top of their heads, to go along with the dark sunglasses they sported. 
They were first spotted driving the convertible near their home along the suburban streets of Calabasas, in Los Angeles, en route to the cafe.
Eventually, the lady of the Kardashian-Barker home arrived at their destination, and then they both went in to get their coffee.
Over the years, Barker, 48, has been open about his passion for motor vehicles, which translates to a collection said to be worth more than $4.2 million and counting, ReRev reports.
While the most expensive car in the garage is believed to be his 2021 Ferrari Laferrari that's said to be worth $1.4 million, Barker has admitted to having a love for old classic American cars more than coveted sports cars. 
'You can keep your Ferraris and Lambos,' the musician and producer wrote in an Instagram post in July 2022 after his wife gifted him with a 1987 Buick GNX for his 46th birthday that's worth $205,000.
Barker's true love, when it comes to classic American cars, are Cadillacs. So much so, that he reportedly has dozens of Cadillacs, both vintage and brand new ones.
In fact, Barker used his classic 1965 Cadillac DeVille Convertible as their wedding getaway car that was featured in an Instagram post in May 2022.
In another sign that he and bride are a perfect match: Kourtney Kardashian also has an extensive car collection reportedly worth $4 million, although she has more newer cars like the Land Rover Range Rover SV Autobiography ($220,000) and Mercedes-AMG G63 Wagon ($245,000), according to The Richest.
Both Barker and Kardashian were color and fashion coordinated in black hoodies and cool dark sunglasses for their ride to get a cup of joe
The Blink-182 rocker posed alongside his prized Buick, which was a gift from his wife, and sent out a message that he'll take his vintage ride over sports cars like Ferraris and Lamborghinis
Barker's vast car collection includes a love of Cadillacs, which he used to announced his nuptials with Kardashian in May 2022
The celebrity couple also have a classic orange Chevy 5K Blazer that they used to celebrate Halloween this past October with the rocker portraying Frankenstein and the Poosh founder as the Bride Of Frankenstein
The Blink-182 drummer has a love for all motor vehicles like this cool motorcycle
The Feeling This rocker teased his Instagram fans and followers when he posed alongside several of his cars in the driveway, writing: 'Choose one, in the caption
She also has a few sports cars like a Lamborghini Urus ($220,000) and Aston Martin DB11 ($205,000), as well a Bentley Continental GT Convertible ($202,000) and a Rolls-Royce Dawn ($410,000), among many others.
The couple, who began dating in 2021 after being friends for many years, got legally married on May 15, 2022 in Santa Barbara with a few close friends and family members in attendance.
The following week, the couple tied the knot again during a lavish wedding ceremony in Portofino, Italy.     
They have since welcomed their first child together, son Rocky in November, who joins the blended family that also includes Kardashian's sons Mason, 14, and Reign, 10, and daughter Penelope, 11, with ex-partner Scott Disick.
Barker is dad to daughter Alabama, 18, son Landon, 20, and step-daughter Atiana De La Hoya, 25, with ex-wife Shanna Moakler.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group