By HEIDI PARKER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  18:02, 26 January 2024   |  Updated:  21:44, 26 January 2024   
 101
View  comments
Kylie Jenner looked sensational on Thursday evening as she showed off her toned body in a sultry bedroom look in Paris.
The reality TV veteran wore a thin-strapped crushed velvet push-up bra in jet black and matching robe that fell off her shoulders and exposed her bare legs as she left a group dinner with friends at Costes Hotel.
The cutie from Calabasas added sky-high Louboutin pumps and held onto a black satin clutch purse while in the historical city.
Paris Fashion Week has been quite the experience for the daughter of Kris Jenner.
The 26-year-old makeup mogul has spent time with Florence Pugh, Jennifer Lopez, and her sister Kim Kardashian as they hit event after event.
The siren has been hailed for her elegant looks as she has finally shed her bad girl image from her teen days. 
Kylie Jenner looked sensational on Thursday evening as she showed off her toned body in a sultry bedroom look in Paris
The reality TV veteran wore a thin-strapped crushed velvet push-up bra in jet black and matching robe that fell off her shoulders 
It looked as if all that Kylie had under that robe was maybe a pair of underwear as she struggled to keep the robe closed
She was heavily made up and her long raven hair appeared wet, which is a look she has embraced lately.
The Thursday outfit was really something to take in.
Billionaire Jenner was essentially wearing lingerie and a robe, appearing as if she had just walked out of her bathroom before she needed to put clothing on.
But the mother-of-two pulled off the look with aplomb.
On Wednesday the reality star was the epitome of glam in a sheer silver sequined dress that clung to her curves as she strode beside her cheering fans.
She was eventually joined by her mother Kris Jenner, who embraced her edgy side in a black blazer with sunglasses on.
It comes after Kylie surprised fans at the Jean Paul Gaultier show in Paris in a corset mini dress with flowing champagne tulle layered over the top, and her artfully mussed-up bedhead looked rather like a longer version of her boyfriend Timothée Chalamet's Indie boy curls.
It was quite the style transformation for Kylie, who is usually all lip filler, pneumatic curves, contouring and skimpy clothing.
As she arrived at the fashion show, Kylie channeled a high fashion look, looking angelic in a strapless dress with soft pleats.
And she exposed her bare legs as she left a group dinner with friends at Costes Hotel
The cutie from Calabasas added sky-high Louboutin pumps. And the ex of rappers Travis Scott and Tyga held onto a black clutch purse while in the historical city
Paris Fashion Week has been quite the experience for the daughter of Kris Jenner
To top off the elegant ensemble, Jenner added a pair of very Cinderella-esque clear heels.
And fans were quick to notice the star's 'soft girl era' look as she showcased her new pared back style, ditching smokey eye makeup and fake lashes for a minimalist glow.
She also waved to on-again friend Jordyn Woods. 
The natural moment from the Kylie Cosmetics founder is quite a contrast from some of her more over-the-top looks.
And perhaps it's no coincidence that the style switch has happened since she sparked up a romance with Chalamet, 28, given the Indie darling and the reality star make such an unlikely couple.
She has stood out in some of the most interesting outfits; here she is seen walking to her car
 The 26-year-old makeup mogul has spent time with Jennifer Lopez; seen on Wednesday at the Valentino show
The Keeping Up With The Kardashians vet also posed with Florence Pugh
Jenner with her daughter Stormi Webster and mother Kris Jenner 
Also on Thursday the Lip Kit founder was seen with Kelly Rutherford, 55, from Gossip Girl while at the Jean Paul Gaultier Haute Couture Spring/Summer 2024
Kylie's fashion week fun comes after some bad news.
Her boyfriend Timothée Chalamet had to deny Jenner snubbed his pal Selena Gomez at the Golden Globes.
The 31-year-old actress was caught on camera alongside close friend Taylor Swift deep in conversation at the star-studded bash in Los Angeles, and while it is thought that she had been gossiping about the 'Kardashians' star and her beau, those rumours have been quashed.
The Wonka star spoke out to pour cold water on any kind of speculation of a feud between his A Rainy Day In New York co-star and himself and his partner.
Asked if he and Selena are 'cool', he replied to TMZ: 'Of course.'
Then pressed if Kylie was 'being a mean girl and snubbing Selena,' he simply said 'no.'
Fans on social media claimed that Selena had asked Timothée for a picture during the glitzy awards night, but Kylie had allegedly said no.
On Thursday Kylie stunned in a silver dress that stuck to her curves like glue 
A source told People: 'She was absolutely not referencing anything about Timothée or Kylie and she never even saw or spoke to them.'
Meanwhile, Timothée is said to be 'incredibly appreciative' of Kylie's support amid awards season.
The 28-year-old movie star and the mogul turned the ceremony at the Beverly Hills Hotel in Hollywood into a date night.
An insider told Entertainment Tonight: 'Things have been going very well between Kylie and Timothée. They are extremely supportive of one other and like to be there for each other.
'Kylie is extremely busy and has so many of her own things going on, but she makes an effort to show up for Timothée. It means a lot to him to have her support and that she goes out of her way for him and the things he's passionate about. He is so incredibly appreciative and sees a side of Kylie that she doesn't necessarily show everyone.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group