Taylor Swift is having the time of her life on the Eras Tour stage, but it has to come to an end at some point. 
During the tour's milestone show in Liverpool June 13, the "Karma" singer got sentimental about all of the dragons she's fought with her fans, band, crew and dancers since the tour kicked off in March 2023. 
"This is actually the 100th show of the Eras Tour," Taylor told the crowd at the U.K. city's Anfield Stadium. "Absolutely, that blows my mind. That doesn't feel like a real statistic to me because this has definitely been an exhausting, all-encompassing, but most joyful, most rewarding, most wonderful thing that has ever happened in my life."
And the 34-year-old also gave insight into when fate will step in to force her to say goodbye to this current chapter. 
"The celebration of the 100th show means that this is the very first time I've ever acknowledged to myself, and admitted that this tour is going to end in December," she explained. "That feels so far away from now."
She continued, "But then again, it feels like we just played the first show on this tour because you have made this so much fun for us, that we wanted to do a hundred shows, 150-something shows that we have on the whole tour." 
Amid Taylor's record-breaking shows—which have spanned across the United States, Latin America, Asia and Europe—she has also released a tour film, Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour, two rerecorded albums, Speak Now (Taylor's Version) and 1989 (Taylor's Version), as well as her 11th studio album The Tortured Poets Department, which made its live debut in the three-hour show last month.
And while she has further proven her hitmaker status during this endeavor, even Taylor admits that it has become overwhelming. 
"It's taken over everything," she continued during her June 13 speech. "I think I once had hobbies, but I don't know what they are anymore, because all I do when I'm not onstage is sit at home and try to think of clever acoustic song mashups, and think about what you might want to hear."
Of course, Taylor still can't get enough of her fans—which include stars like Jessica Capshaw and Emily Blunt as well as her boyfriend Travis Kelce.
As she put it: "Really, when I'm not on stage, I'm just dreaming about being back onstage with you guys."
And that may be the closest Swifties have come to their hearts exploding. Keep reading to see every celebrity turned Swiftie who has attended an Eras Tour show. 
The comedian and wife Elle Key turned the Eras Tour into a date night in Toronto, Canada. He tweeted in November 2024, "And the night is just getting started! So excited to be at my first @taylorswift13 concert."
Billy Joel
"Our family attended the Taylor Swift concert at Hard Rock Stadium in Miami where Billy Joel/Elton John’s ‘Face to Face’ concert previously held the seating record," he wrote on Instagram. "Taylor’s second concert at Hard Rock Miami set a new record and ushered in a new era at Hard Rock Stadium. We were so happy to be a part of this record-breaking concert!  Plus, we got to celebrate with her mama. Celebrating someone’s success does not negate your own.  She is showing our girls all that is possible. Onward and upward."
Ashley Tisdale
"My little swiftie," the High School Musical alum wrote on October 2024. "Safe to say Jupiter loved her first concert."
Travis Kelce, Prince William, Princess Charlotte & Prince George
Taylor made her relationship with Travis Instagram official June 21, 2024, with the help of the royal family as they all joined her backstage at her concert in Wembley Stadium in London.
Prince William, Princess Charlotte & Prince George
Taylor also took another selfie with the royal family at her Wembley show.
Nicola Coughlan, Cara Delevingne & Jonathan Van Ness
The trio united in the VIP tent in London on June 21, 2024. 
Leslie Mann & Jonathan Van Ness
The Knocked Up actress also hung out with the Queer Eye alum at the Wembley concert.
Travis Kelce & Jonathan Van Ness
The NFL star was a true London Boy at Wembley Stadium with the Queer Eye star.
Jonathan Van Ness & Nicola Coughlan
Dearest reader, how adorable is this friendship?
Gayle King & Channing Tatum
The two bumped into each other at one of the singer's shows at SoFi Stadium in Inglewood, Calif. in August 2023.
Channing Tatum
The Step Up star showcased his dance moves.
Christina Milian
The "Dip It Low" singer and her teen daughter Violet were in a lavender haze at Taylor's Paris show in May 2024.
Jessica Capshaw
The Grey's Anatomy actress attended the Eras Tour in France in May 2024, captioning this pic with the Midnights lyric, "Cause we were in Paris."
Travis Kelce & Rita Ora
"It’s fair to say Sydney always delivers," Rita Ora captioned Instagram photos from Taylor's Feb. 23 show, including a snap with Travis Kelce. "Or shall we say our TayTay @taylorswift always delivers!”
Taika Waititi, Taylor Swift & Rita Ora
Taylor's dad Scott Swift delivered an epic photobomb.
Katy Perry
"Got to see an old friend shine tonight," Katy Perry captioned footage on Instagram from the Feb. 23 concert.
Tom DeLonge & Rebel Wilson
The Blink-182 rocker—whose band was playing near Taylor's Sydney venue on the same day—and the Pitch Perfect alum hung out in the VIP tent.
The Oscar winner captioned the moment with friends in Mexico City, "Spamming u w really good @taylorswift Eras Tour content."
The Pretty Little Liars star attended with friends Morgan Pesante, Katie Greenthal and Claire Leahy. "Omg??? @taylorswift putting on a show that was so good I can't even process," she wrote. "Nostalgic, empowering, and sparkly."
The "Bad at Love" singer got in the spirit by making friendship bracelets to trade with fans during the last Los Angeles show.
Mariska Hargitay & Savannah Guthrie
"Still in the afterglow of the most magical night," the Law & Order: Special Victims Unit star wrote on Instagram Aug. 9 after a bejeweled night out in L.A. "Deepest gratitude to @taylorswift for your poetry and wisdom. You inspire us and connect us to our #delicate tenderness, joy, hope and strength—and most of all, our wish to live and love courageously."
Sharing pics from an L.A. show, Chris Olsen quoted the T.Swift lyrics in his caption, "I DON'T KNOW HOW IT GETS BETTER THAN THIS."
"Eras tour (Dylan's version)," the influencer captioned fits of her rocking a Stella McCartney outfit. "@taylorswift you are a goddess best night ever."
Spencer Pratt & Heidi Montag
The Hills stars filled a blank space in their calendar with a date night in Los Angeles at the Eras Tour. Heidi Montag captioned their pics, "This was the concert of a lifetime! Legendary! Thank you for the tickets @taylorswift."
Jessica Alba & Cash Warren
"@taylorswift with the fam," Jessica Alba wrote, "what a show!" She and husband Cash Warren celebrated their love story by taking their kids Honor, Haven and Hayes.
The Mad Max star danced to "Shake It off" with her kids August and Jackson. "Thank you for the best birthday ever @taylorswift!!!" she wrote. "We had such a great f--king time."
Paula Abdul & Vince Vaughn
"What a SHOW," Paula Abdul wrote while posting for a photo with Vince Vaughn and Taylor's parents Scott and Andrea Swift in Los Angeles.
James Kennedy, Paula Abdul, Scheana Shay & Ally Lewber
The Vanderpump Rules stars made their wildest dreams come true on the floor with Paula.
The "No One singer" attended the Aug. 5 show at SoFi Stadium in Los Angeles with her 8-year-old son Genesis.
The actress attended one of Swift's shows at SoFi Stadium in Los Angeles with Anastasia Beverly Hills cosmetics founder Anastasia Soare and her daughter, Claudia.
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.