The hip-hop community is celebrating after news broke that Young Thug will be released from custody after receiving 15 years probation and no prison time.

													By
												

	Rania Aniftos


	Young Thug is officially returning home after pleading guilty in a criminal case accusing him of leading a violent Atlanta street gang. The rapper was sentenced to 15 years probation and no prison time on Thursday (Oct. 31).

	Thug (real name Jeffery Williams) pleaded guilty in Georgia to several counts, including possession of drugs and firearms, and pleaded no contest to others including the racketeering accusations that alleged he was the leader of a criminal gang, Young Slime Life. Thug has been in custody for two years after he along with 27 others were arrested in May 2022 as part of a sprawling 56-count indictment for violations of Georgia’s Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act (RICO).

	










	Before his sentencing, Young Thug told the court he takes “full responsibility for my crimes and for my charges,” adding, “I know what I bring to the table and I know what I am. I know the heights I’ve reached and I know the impact I’ve got on people in the community.”




			Trending on Billboard		






	Following the news, Travis Scott took to his Instagram Stories to write that his “bruddda otw home” with a series of brown hearts. Similarly, Metro Boomin shared a series of photos of Thug to his Stories.

	“Welcome Home lil bruddah, It’s been too long… Time to get back to it!!!” T.I. wrote on Instagram alongside photos of the duo. On X, Sexyy Red wrote, “THEY LET TWIN OUT!!!,” in reference to the duo’s physical resemblance.

	Kevin Liles, the CEO of 300 Entertainment which houses Thug’s YSL Records, wrote on Instagram, “Words can’t express the incredible happiness and relief I feel to learn of Jeffery’s freedom. There will be a time to discuss the criminalization of hip-hop lyrics and the use of bond denial as a weapon against defendants, but in this moment everyone should feel nothing but joy that this amazing artist and even better man can hug his children, parents, siblings, and other loved ones tonight.”
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.