Julia Hunt is a freelance Newsweek reporter based in the UK. Her focus is reporting on entertainment. She has extensively covered pop culture and the world of showbiz. Julia joined Newsweek as a freelancer in 2024. She studied literature at university. Languages: English. You can get in touch with Julia by emailing j.hunt@newsweek.com.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
In this series, Newsweek is recapping every show Taylor Swift has performed on the Eras Tour, city by city.
Taylor Swift surprised boyfriend Travis Kelce on her Eras Tour by tweaking the lyrics of one of her songs so it was about him.
The Kansas City Chiefs star was in the audience as Swift performed in Buenos Aires, Argentina, on November 11, 2023, and looked stunned when she swapped out the lyrics to Karma in a nod to their budding romance.
The line usually goes "Karma is the guy on the screen," but instead Swift sang "Karma is the guy on the Chiefs."
Kelce was watching the show at River Plate Stadium in a VIP tent with Swift's dad, Scott, and a video posted on X showed him looking surprised when the star gave him the nod in the song. Fans screamed as Swift made the change and Kelce was seen clapping his hands to his face and blushing as Scott patted his arm and clapped.
The tight end then started dancing along to Karma with a huge smile on his face, and Scott joined in, dancing beside him as concertgoers continued to cheer.
Another video shared on X captured the moment Swift met Kelce when she came off stage. The clip showed the Look What You Made Me Do singer spotting the sports star waiting for her backstage and breaking into a jog to get to him.
Throwing her arms around him, they shared a kiss before disappearing backstage.
Swift and Kelce were at the center of romance rumors for weeks before appearing to confirm they were an item when Swift was seen watching Kelce play in September, cheering him on as the Chiefs took on the Chicago Bears. Then, in October, they both made surprise appearances on Saturday Night Live and attended the sketch show's after party together.
November 9: "The Very First Night" and "Labyrinth"
November 11: "Is It Over Now?/"Out of the Woods" and "End Game"
November 12: "Better Than Revenge" and "Slut!"
Learn more about all the record-breaking, sentimental and just downright hilarious moments from Taylor Swift's Eras Tour with Newsweek's interactive timeline and map here.
Were you at any of Taylor Swift's Buenos Aires shows? Tell us your favorite moment in the comments!
Julia Hunt is a freelance Newsweek reporter based in the UK. Her focus is reporting on entertainment. She has extensively covered pop culture and the world of showbiz. Julia joined Newsweek as a freelancer in 2024. She studied literature at university. Languages: English. You can get in touch with Julia by emailing j.hunt@newsweek.com.
Julia Hunt is a freelance Newsweek reporter based in the UK. Her focus is reporting on entertainment. She has extensively covered pop culture and the world of showbiz. Julia joined Newsweek as a freelancer in 2024. She studied literature at university. Languages: English. You can get in touch with Julia by emailing j.hunt@newsweek.com.
Julia Hunt is a freelance Newsweek reporter based in the UK. Her focus is reporting on entertainment. She has extensively                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC