Justin Bieber and Usher perform on NBC’s “Today” in the TODAY Plaza on November 23, 2011 in New York City.
As millions tuned in to Usher's Halftime performance during the Super Bowl, many fans wondered where Justin Bieber was. The two singers previously collaborated on 2010's "Somebody to Love" remix. The R&B legend brought out tons of collaborators on stage with him, both old and new: Alicia Keys, H.E.R., Will.i.am, Jermaine Dupri, Lil Jon, and Ludacris. After the singer's electrifying performance, Bieber shared a heartfelt congratulations to his longtime friend and early supporter. He wrote in an Instagram post: "LOVE YOU MY BROTHER. NOONE CAN SING AND DANCE THE WAY YOU DO. LOVE YOU FROM THE DEPTHS OF MY HEART. BROUGHT THE A' TO THE WORLD, ONLY YOU BABYYYYYY [kissing emoji]."

A post shared by

Despite all the love, Bieber was asked if he would join the "Confessions" singer for the performance. A source told Page Six that there is no beef between Justin and his mentor. "Justin just wasn’t up for it — he just wasn’t feeling it," the insider told the publication. As gossip website TMZ kept tabs on the Canadian singer-songwriter, Bieber was in Last Vegas ahead of the big game. He was traveling with the Kardashians and ended up in Kim's suite to watch the game with his wife, Hailey Bieber.
Fans swarmed the Biebs' Instagram post, calling him out for not performing. One person commented: "I’m just confused why you weren’t on stage I feel like u blue balled me." Another said, "You could’ve been on that stage with him bookie…" Another annoyed fan wrote: "why would you even post this knowing DAMN well we was looking for you..?" One person hilariously said, justin i had my full purple fit on." Commenting angrily, another wrote: "You KNEW we were waiting for you to get on stage." One fan said, "justin that was heart wrenching lowkey babe." Despite Beliebers' pleas, this year's Super Bowl was the longest and most-watched program in television history with an average of 123.4 million viewers.
The month of March kicks off with a very important holiday -- Justin Bieber's birthday. The "Peaches" singer was born on March 1, 1994, in Ontario, Canada. Justin learned to play the piano, drums, guitar, and trumpet while growing up in Canada. When he was 12 years old, Bieber performed Ne-Yo's "So Sick" for a local singing competition, in which he placed second. His mother, Pattie Mallette, posted a video of the performance on YouTube for their family and friends to see and continued to upload videos of her son singing covers of popular R&B songs. With this, Bieber's popularity on the site grew. Bieber also used to busk on the steps in front of concerts at Avon Theatre.
Scooter Braun, So So Def Recordings' former marketing executive, accidentally came across one of Bieber's YouTube videos and tracked him down. Impressed with his talent, Scooter convinced Bieber's mom and their church elders to let him go with him to Atlanta to record demo tapes. One week later, Bieber began singing for Usher and signed with Usher and Braun's Raymond Braun Media Group at 13 years old. Braun signed on to be Bieber's manager in 2008. His debut single was 2009's "One Time," with his first EP being My World. The EP had such popular hits like "One Time," One Less Lonely Girl," and "Favorite Girl."
As we previously reported, Bieber sold his song catalog to Hipgnosis for $200 million. The sale has been called the largest of any artist of Bieber’s generation. Bieber’s net worth is estimated to be about $300 million, according to Celebrity Net Worth. Of the sale, Braun called JB a "once-in-a-generation artist and that is reflected and acknowledged by the magnitude of this deal."
With six albums below his belt and over 150 million albums sold worldwide, see which Justin Bieber songs made the top of our list below.
A more serious of Bieber's song, we love how the choreography for the music video for "Love Yourself" tells the story like a short film. Our favorite line in the song is, "My mama don't like you and she likes everyone." Ironically, the song was apparently written about his ex, Selena Gomez. The lyrics detail his narcissistic ex-lover. The song was written by Ed Sheeran, Benny Blanco (Selena's current boyfriend) and Justin. Sheeran originally wrote the song for himself, but after hearing Justin's smooth tones, he knew he was the perfect fit. 
Add Usher to a Justin Bieber song and you have a guaranteed song that will make you dance. In the 2010 song, Bieber and his mentor sing about trying to find the perfect lady. The song was originally recorded as a demo by Usher for his sixth studio album, Raymond v. Raymond, but it was given to Bieber after things went stale with Usher's label. Usher re-recorded featured vocals for the official remix of the song. The accompanying playful music video features appearances from several dance crews from America's Best Dance Crew, such as Beat Freaks and Poreotics.
"Peaches" is an ode to different regions of the US, with Georgia and its famous peaches being the central focus. With Justin's career success beginning in Atlanta, the song, featured on the artist's sixth album, Justice, is also the birthplace of Martin Luther King, Jr, who features prominently on the album. The laid-back pop, R&B, and pop soul ballad has an equally laid-back vibe in the music video. Bieber, Caesar, and Giveon drive a vintage car as they cruise down city streets illuminated by neon lights.
One of his more underrated songs, this collaboration with Travis Scott is a slower, sexier tune than we're used to. It samples It samples SWV’s 1997 track, "Rain." From his fourth studio album, Purpose, this is the second collab between the singer and the rapper. The first being “Maria I’m Drunk” from Travi$‘ debut album, Rodeo. Dating back to 2015, Scott helped promote Justin’s “What Do You Mean?,” and the two artists became close friends.
This 2015 song has been remixed so many times by different EDM artists, but what is more impressive is the longevity of airplay "Where Are Ü Now" still gets. The Grammy-winning collaborative dance track with Skrillex and Diplo is a Bieber ballad turned forward-looking EDM anthem. As Justin was 21 at the time, Diplo said he came to Vegas one night the DJ played the track for the audience. Bieber told him then that it was the "first time I’ve ever had adults clap for me. This is like a big deal."
Arguably his best song to date, "Sorry" finds the singer saying sorry to his lost love and asking for a second chance. The 2015 song's dancehall beat was produced by Skrillex, whom Bieber collabed with on the hit single "Where Are Ü Now." Regarding his will to work with the producer, Bieber called Skrillex is a "genius. He’s super futuristic and I just love his sounds." It's not too late to say "Sorry" for loving this track, so it makes our number one spot on the list. 
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!