By 

	Ethan Shanfeld


	“Saturday Night Live” will welcome former cast member Kristen Wiig and “I’m Just Ken” crooner Ryan Gosling to Studio 8H, where the two will host the venerable sketch show on April 6 and 13, respectively.

	Wiig will be joined by musical guest Raye, and Gosling will share the stage with Chris Stapleton. As previously announced, the March 30 episode of “SNL” will be hosted by Ramy Youssef with musical guest Travis Scott.





	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					Microdrama Plot Twist: A Threat to the Apps’ Stratospheric U.S. Growth		
			














	
		
					FilmNation Boards Tomas Alfredson's Psychodrama 'Séance on a Wet Afternoon' Starring Rachel Weisz, Penned by 'Adolescence' Writer Jack Thorne (EXCLUSIVE)		
			








	Wiig, who was a “Saturday Night Live” cast member from 2005 to 2012, hosts for the fifth time — so it’s likely some “SNL” legends could make a surprise appearance to welcome her into the coveted Five-Timers Club. She stars in and executive produces the new Apple TV+ series “Palm Royale,” premiering March 20.

	










			Popular on Variety		






	Gosling, a “Barbie” Oscar nominee who tore down Los Angeles’ Dolby Theatre on Sunday with his performance of “I’m Just Ken,” is next seen on the big screen alongside Emily Blunt in “The Fall Guy,” in theaters May 3. This marks Gosling’s third time hosting “SNL.”

	Raye, a British singer-songwriter who in 2024 set a record by winning six Brit Awards in one year, makes her “SNL” debut. Stapleton, like Gosling, returns to the musical stage for the third time. The 10-time Grammy winner is currently on tour promoting his new album “Higher.”

	This season, “SNL” has welcomed hosts including former cast members Pete Davidson and Kate McKinnon; comedians Nate Bargatze and Shane Gillis; “Dune: Part Two” stars Timothée Chalamet and Josh Brolin; “Madame Web” actors Sydney Sweeney and Dakota Johnson; and “Poor Things” co-stars Emma Stone and Youssef.
The Business of Entertainment