By Evie Scott on February 8, 2024 at 5:45 PM EST
Kourtney Kardashian took things South of the Border as she showed off her sensational figure in swimwear back in December 2020. The 44-year-old reality star stunned her Instagram fans as she escaped winter for some Mexican heat that year, with the snaps quickly bringing in fan love. Kourtney is currently front-page news for enjoying the early months of motherhood as she and husband Travis Barker raise their first son Rocky together. In these images, Kourtney included one of the three children she shares with ex-boyfriend Scott Disick. With or without the kids, it looks like fans were keen on Kourtney and her "very nice body."

Scroll for the photos. Snapping a selfie as she opened her gallery in a girly shade of pink, Kourtney posed amid cool marble flooring as she modeled a plunging two-piece with structured cups and a slight push-up effect. Flaunting her killer cleavage and toned abs, the Hulu star also drew attention to her gym-honed legs as she went candy-cute in pink, with a pair of dark shades adding some glam.
Kourtney snapped a second mirror selfie before including youngest son Reign, with further photos taking things outdoors.

Enjoying a quiet poolside lounger in one image, the Poosh founder rocked her swimwear as son Reign returned for a tender moment and lying cuddled up to his mother. Looking glam as she rocked a high ponytail and semi-up-do, Kourtney tenderly placed her hand on her snoozing son before returning with a "no cameras please" vibe as she was photographed by a swanky pool and with her hand shoved toward the camera.
"Little Cabo daydream," the Lemme CEO captioned her photo. Fans have left over 2.7 million likes. While one fan called Kardashian "stunning," another commented on her "very nice body." One fan even wondered if the mom of four might be pregnant!

This photo, however, offered no room for speculation as Kourtney proudly showcased her 2023 baby bump while expecting son Rocky. Lounging around in a pink bikini, Kourtney sizzled as she made pregnancy sexy, also reminding fans of her high-end lifestyle.
Fans were all for it. "Kourtney you are the most natural of your sisters. Your features have never been altered. Hope your pregnancy goes well . You look content," one gushed, with another telling the star: "You are so beautiful inside and outside you're going to be a great good mother god bless you."

Kourtney kept busy with both her Poosh and Lemme brands as her bump grew. She even capitalized on her pregnancy by making sure to flaunt her gorgeous bump for this Lemme Mama promo, shared in November 2023.
"Lemme Mama promotes healthy fetal development and supports mom’s energy and nutrition with 25+ key nutrients for comprehensive wellness & immune support during pre-conception, pregnancy and postpartum, including lactation and recovery," the brand wrote.