We made it. 
SummerTimeChi is here, and we’re like the guy from the movie “Shawshank Redemption” when he raises his arms in the pouring rain because he has finally broken out of prison.
We’re free. But we won’t be for long.
Winter and Spring are behind us, and Fall is close.
We have just a few short weeks to indulge in this glorious season of festivals, concerts, block parties, day parties, night parties, rooftop parties, beach parties, museum openings, movies in the park, conventions, barbecues, fireworks displays and more. 
So that you are in the know, we have curated a list of Summer events for us — emphasis on “for us” — that we are eagerly anticipating.
These are some of our faves that are coming up: 
Bud Billiken Parade – Aug. 10 
Forget the Masters; it is the Bud Billiken Parade that is a tradition unlike any other. The largest African-American parade in the nation will return for the 95th time on King Drive in Bronzeville. The tradition, floats, marching bands, dancers, festival goers, dignitaries, and celebrities make this vibe unimpeachable. 
Actor and singer Jason Weaver, renowned for his portrayal of young Michael Jackson in the 1992 miniseries “The Jacksons: An American Dream” and as the singing voice of Simba in the 1994 film “The Lion King,” is this year’s grand marshal.
Annual Parking Lot Sale – Aug. 10
Rev up your engines and mark your calendars for the Annual Parking Lot Sale, a 2-day extravaganza featuring shoes, and accessories from Essential Elements, vendors like TAKARA and Carol’s Designs, great music from DJ Irv, delicious food from La’Delish Catering, and a photo booth. 
Guild Literary Complex Ekphrastic Poetry Reading: Self-Care as Resistance – Aug. 10
Caring for ourselves helps us to be more present in the world. Becoming aware of those areas where we might need additional support and asking for help can be scary but, in the end, it is what makes us stronger. The Guild Literary Complex presents five writers whose words help tell their stories of finding strength while battling body positivity, mental illness, depression, and grief. Featuring Kwabena Foli, April Gibson, Sam Herschel, Faylita Hicks, and Jennifer Karmin.
This special program takes place against the backdrop of a powerful art exhibition, RESET, and will include a special artist talk with the artist, Dwight White.
Chicago Air and Water Show – Aug. 10, 11
You might want to bring your camera, binoculars or smartphone to capture this event, the largest FREE show of its kind in the U.S.
PureSoul Presents: Tribute to the Women of Disco, Dance, and Boogie – Aug. 10
Throughout the 1970s and 1980s, women of Disco, Dance, and Boogie elevated Soul music to a whole new level of groove. The voices of Chaka Khan, Diana Ross, Sister Sledge, Taste of Honey, and Chic paved the way for a new era of R&B strictly for the dance floor. PureSoul at City Winery Chicago presents an earth-shaking tribute to this pivotal era.
Dungeon Series: Summer at the Bridge – Aug. 11
The Dungeon Series presents Summer at the Bridge, featuring renowned DJ Duane Powell with special guest Daniell Spencer at 43rd & Oakenwald. This event promises exceptional music and vibrant community energy.
South Shore Summer Fest 2024 Block Party – Aug. 11
Celebrate the 10th Annual South Shore Summer Fest 2024 Block Party with a live performance by Dru Hill! This event will bring together families from all over Chicago for a day of soulful music, delicious neighborhood foods, and shopping at The Shore.
The Bronzeville Jazz-Music Festival – Aug. 17
Celebrate the 12th anniversary of The Bronzeville Jazz-Music Festival. Enjoy performances by the 2 Brown Sisters, Sheryl Youngblood, Nanette Frank, Mario Abney, and Crosswind. Hosted by Dana Divine, the festival will also feature a special appearance by Sandra Bivens, Executive Director of the 51st St. Business Association.
2nd Annual Richton Park HOUSE FEST – Aug. 17
The 2nd Annual Richton Park HOUSE FEST is set to surpass last year’s event, which brought out over 3,000 people. This FREE all-day event features the hottest House DJs, great food trucks and local vendors. Come early to secure your favorite spot to set up your tent!
Barmageddon ’24 – Aug. 23
Prepare for an unforgettable night as Barmageddon ’24 takes over Chicago. Hosted at Privilege Restaurant & Bar, this event will bring together legendary hip-hop acts for a night of electrifying performances. The lineup includes Tha Alkaholiks, Ras Kass, King Tee, IAmGawd, Andreaus Haley, Ju Jilla and Vic Spencer. With beat sets by Coolout Chris, Ill Brown and Deka Derse and DJ Sean Doe spinning tracks, the energy will be unstoppable. Hosted by Griffen, this event promises an unparalleled experience for hip-hop enthusiasts. 
Harper Court Summer Music Series
Sure, we’re still mourning the loss of The Silver Room Block Party and Hyde Park Summer Fest, but this increasingly popular summer music series, beloved for its vibe and people-watching, is back for four Thursday Evenings throughout the Summer. The next and last one is Sept. 5 from 6-9 p.m.
Jazzin’ at the Shedd
Live jazz is the ultimate elixir for the mid-week blues. That’s what this Shedd Aquarium event brings you every Wednesday throughout the summer. Before you ask, the June 19 HBCU/Divine Nine Jazzin’ event is already sold out. Luckily, Jazzin’ lasts throughout the summer, from June 5 to August 28. 
Pier 31 Restaurant
Beach family, they’re back. Pier 31 and the adjoining 31st Street Beach are where it all goes down – House, Hip-hop, Soul, Reggae, Afro Beats and people. It’s all there at the spot that packs it out all summer long. Visit their Instagram page for more info. 
Ravinia Festival
This summer outdoor music series in Highland Park is an institution. Every year, Ravinia offers something for everyone. Notable acts playing this summer include Mavis Staples and Nora Jones, The Roots, Robert Glasper, Big Boi, Meshell Ndegeocello and and Angélique Kidjo, Samara Joy and TLC. Visit the Ravinia site for more info.      
South Loop Farmers Market
Fresh produce fans, bestill your “beeting” heart. Apologies for that bad pun, but the twice-weekly farmer’s market returns to Printer’s Row. 
Summer Under the Stars Concert Series at the Country Club Hills Amphitheater
For our money, few venues are as enchanting as the CCH Amphitheater, especially when good music is going on and the summer breezes caress the skin. The organizers have brought it again with the 2024 Under the Stars lineup. The next events include the following: Peter White, Vincent Ingala, Gerald Albright (August 17) and Anthony Hamilton (August 31). 
Tacuma R. Roeback is the Managing Editor for the Chicago Defender. 
His journalism, non-fiction, and fiction have appeared in the Smithsonian Magazine, San Francisco Chronicle, Atlanta Journal-Constitution, The Tennessean, South Florida Sun-Sentinel, Phoenix New Times, HipHopDX.com, Okayplayer.com, The Shadow League, SAGE: The Encyclopedia of Identity, Downstate Story, Tidal Basin Review, and Reverie: Midwest African American Literature.  
He is an alumnus of the Medill School of Journalism at Northwestern University, Chicago State University, and Florida A&M University.

See author's posts

Tags: Black Chicago Events, SummertimeChi, SummerTimeChi 2024 Calendar
Copyright © 2025. Real Times Media. All Rights Reserved.
Accessibility Tools