The New England Patriots have done their best "hold my beer" moment in response to former coach Bill Belichick's disastrous 2023 season. There's a chance this year's team could finish with more losses than they had last year with Mac Jones and Bailey Zappe swapping starts at quarterback.
Patriots fans have gone from celebrating a perennial Super Bowl contender five years ago to supporting one of the worst teams in the NFL in back-to-back seasons. It's a humbling fall from grace that has infuriated the fan base to the point where some are calling to fire coaches and cut players.
With that said, rebuilds typically take longer than a year, and the Patriots have some extensive work to do to get the team back on track. That doesn't mean it needs to be a prolonged process, but it does mean we should be realistic about the current state of the team.
Here are some hard realities fans are going to have to come to grips with ahead of the 2025 offseason:
The thought of Travis Hunter and Tetairoa McMillan catching passes from Drake Maye is like living in a dream world. Even better, imagine the Patriots signing Tee Higgins in free agency and pairing him with one of the two standout collegiate receivers.
It would be the ultimate pinch-me moment for every Patriots fan.
And then the offense would line up and likely experience many of the same issues they're already facing. After Sunday's meltdown against the Arizona Cardinals, it's clear the Patriots need to prioritize the offensive line in the draft. It all starts with using the first-round pick on LSU's Will Campbell or Texas' Kelvin Banks Jr.
They can't go into another season with Vederian Lowe as the starter. There need to be decisions made on Ben Brown and Cole Strange, particularly when it comes to depth at center behind aging captain David Andrews. They need a better idea of what they have in Caedan Wallace and Layden Robinson.
The Patriots need starters and backups along the offensive front. Mike Onwenu and possibly Andrews being back next season is a huge win for the team, but they have to build around the two veterans.
Look, the Patriots are a bad football team. That isn't suddenly changing in the last three weeks of the season. The offensive line is an accident waiting to happen, and they have one of the worst receiving corps in the league. Their defense has fallen off a cliff so badly that they look like The Monstars stole their talent. The coaching has been an issue all season.
Coach Jerod Mayo said it best after the game when he said, “We are what we put on film. We are what our record says."
The hope is for the team to show some life late in the season, but Mayo is ultimately right when it comes to the state of the team. To make matters worse, they have games against two possible playoff contenders left on their schedule. Two of those games are against a Buffalo Bills team that looks like a Super Bowl contender, and the other game is against a Chargers team still in the hunt.
It's scary to think the loss to the Cardinals might not be the worst game left on the schedule for the Patriots. For fans, it's even more frustrating considering the same thing happens nearly every week. The team trips over its own feet in a loss, and Mayo talks about how they're developing and what they need to do to get better.
It's like being stuck in a bad time loop.
The current Patriots with Maye under center might lose more games than the Mac Jones-led 2023 Patriots. Yikes.
There has been a push from fans to fire Alex Van Pelt as the offensive coordinator. An easy pushback to those individuals can be summed up in one question: If not Van Pelt, what decent offensive coordinator is going to want to come to New England?
Sure, Drake Maye looks like a future star at the quarterback position, but the roster around him is a complete mess. It would be a great risk for any would-be candidate to tie themselves to New England in hopes that the roster will be significantly better in 2025.
They'd have to settle on the possibility of being in the exact same position as Van Pelt by the end of the year—frustrated with a lackluster roster and having people calling for him to be fired after only one season.
There's also the damage a move like that could potentially do to Maye. I'm not comparing Mac Jones to Maye in terms of talent, but Jones had a different offensive coordinator every year he was in New England. Those mistakes under Belichick destroyed his development as an NFL quarterback after a Pro Bowl rookie season.
Don't expect anything to come from all of the "fire Jerod Mayo" posts on social media.
Look, it's no secret that Mayo hasn't done a great job as the Patriots' head coach, but it's also his first year on the job with one of the worst rosters in the league. That doesn't excuse some of the ridiculous gaffes he's had at press conferences, including a recent one where he seemingly threw his offensive coordinator, Alex Van Pelt, under the bus.
But firing a rookie coach after only one season is bad for business. Unless the Patriots are bringing back Mike Vrabel as head coach and Josh McDaniels as offensive coordinator, it's more than likely they'll give Mayo another crack at coaching in 2025. Firing him this early isn't a good look for potential prospects for the job, and it also exposes owner Robert Kraft in a major way.
He will be forever known as the guy who kicked the greatest coach in NFL history to the curb for a one-and-done replacement. Not only would that hurt the team, but it would also hurt his Hall of Fame credibility. The best course of action from Kraft's perspective would be grinning and bearing it in hopes that Mayo will somehow figure it out with a better roster.
It's time for the Patriots to put their money where their mouth is. Coach Jerod Mayo joked about "burning some cash" last offseason. That will probably need to be a reality this time around for Mayo and lead personnel executive Eliot Wolf to keep their jobs.
Signing soon-to-be free agent wide receiver Tee Higgins and/or making another move at receiver, along with restocking the offensive line, will be pivotal. As mentioned above, the Patriots should use their first-round draft pick on one of the top left tackles in the 2025 NFL draft. It's time to stop with attempting to plug inexperienced players or right tackles on the left side.
Go get a genuine franchise left tackle to protect Drake Maye's blindside. Wolf needs Robert Kraft's full support to make whatever moves necessary to get the team back to relevance. There's a growing belief that the Patriots are too cheap to fill their roster with playmakers. That narrative needs to be buried into the ground in the offseason.
With Maye under center, the Patriots could be a few big moves away from experiencing a complete turnaround overnight.