By
Lil Uzi Vert’s impact is reaching new heights, the rapper recently landed their own emote with Fortnite. The new emote, which is a special animation that players can make their character perform, will reference Uzi’s hit track, “Just Wanna Rock.” The song, which also influenced a highly-popular dance trend on TikTok appears on their Pink Tape album. Released in June 2023, the project features a range of guest appearances including Travis Scott, Nicki Minaj, Bring Me the Horizon, and Babymetal.
Pink Tape features elements of several genres like alternative hip hop, and punk rap. Following its release, it debuted at No.1 on the Billboard 200 chart.  Lil Uzi Vert’s fourth album, Eternal Atake 2 was released on Friday, Nov.1. The project works as a followup to Uzi’s 2020 sophomore album Eternal Atake. While all the numbers haven’t come in yet, the album is projected to debut at No.3 on the Billboard charts. 
A post shared by RapTV (@rap)
When Lil Uzi Vert isn’t dropping hit records, they’re doting on their girlfriend, ex-City Girls rapper, JT. A while back the rapper had to let a fan know just how serious they are about their lady.  TikToker Deeswishclips approached the “XO TOUR Llif3” rapper for an impromptu chat. Dee asked Uzi about Lil Yachty’s statement that Atlanta is the fashion trendsetter. As Uzi began to respond, a fan interrupted, shoving her phone toward them. “What was that?” Uzi questioned.
“Her number,” Dee admitted. “I got a girlfriend,” Uzi replied firmly. Dee clarified, “[They’re] dating JT right now.” Uzi emphasized, “I’m dating JT forever,” before heading off into New York City traffic. Frustrated, Dee told the fan, “Ah sh*t. You f*ked up my interview.” For Uzi’s 29th birthday on July 31st, JT took him out for dinner and presented him with a cake that read, “I love you so much.” The celebration continued with a relaxing boat ride. “Baby’s birthday was a success,” JT captions a video of Uzi relaxing, smoking, and enjoying the sunset.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
Δ
Are you a HOT 97 VIP?  Unlock exclusive, VIP Only access to the latest news, offers, contests, events, and more.  There is no cost to join for a limited time.
Δ
#1 for Hip Hop
Copyright 2024 Hot 97