ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK - SEPTEMBER 12: Travis Scott attends the 2021 MTV Video Music Awards at Barclays ... More Center on September 12, 2021 in the Brooklyn borough of New York City. After debuting at No. 2 several weeks ago, Travis Scott's Days Before Rodeo mixtape shoots to No. 1 on the Billboard 200 for the first time. (Photo by Jamie McCarthy/Getty Images for MTV/ ViacomCBS)
Travis Scott is set to dominate the Billboard 200 this coming week with a collection that his most die-hard fans have been listening to for years. The rapper’s Days Before Rodeo mixtape is headed straight for the summit, according to Billboard, which has named it the biggest project in the country.
Days Before Rodeo is about to shoot to No. 1 on the ranking of the most-consumed albums in the U.S., becoming the rapper’s fourth leader on the Billboard 200. The mixtape reportedly shifted another 156,000 equivalent units last week throughout the country, and that’s proved to be enough to unseat the current champion.
After three weeks in charge of the Billboard 200, Sabrina Carpenter’s Short N’ Sweet will finally fall from the top spot. The title debuted at No. 1 three frames ago, and it’s been running the show ever since.
Days Before Rodeo took the long way to find its way to the throne on the chart—the very long way. The mixtape was originally released in 2014, when Scott was still just a rising talent in the hip-hop world. At the time, it wasn’t shared commercially (just for free), so it wasn’t eligible for the Billboard charts.
Scott celebrated the title’s 10-year anniversary last month by properly releasing it to download stores and streaming platforms for the first time. That meant that after a decade, Days Before Rodeo was finally eligible for the Billboard charts—but even then, the rapper still had to keep working to push it as high as a set can climb.
Days Before Rodeo entered the Billboard 200 in the runner-up rung, but only barely. He lost the race against Carpenter’s Short N’ Sweet by just 1,000 equivalent units. It then began to fall precipitously down the competitive tally, but that wasn’t the end of the studio effort’s story.
In its second week on the Billboard 200, Days Before Rodeo fell from No. 2 to No. 30. Then, it tumbled to No. 106. Now, it bolts from that lowly position to the penthouse in a massive leap.
Days Before Rodeo gains so substantially after the vinyl edition of the album shipped. When it comes to the Billboard charts, sales of a song or album are counted only when they are actually delivered to buyers, not when they’re purchased. So, those fans who bought a copy of the mixtape on wax have their sales included in this week’s rankings, and they help it surge so high.