No matter how much Nike beats the Dunk into the ground, no matter how many Panda Dunks you encounter on your daily commute, no matter how much SB can lose its way or feel too big for its own good at times, there will always be something special about Nike SB Dunks.
The Nike SB Dunk, a revamp of the Dunk basketball shoe from 1985 (that usually features a puffy tongue and other skate-specific upgrades), debuted in 2002. It’s a skate shoe, but it was more than that from the beginning. In the same way the SB Dunk appropriated the Dunk, helping the shoe transcend its original arena, the SB Dunk was in turn appropriated, plucked from the shelves of skate shops and turned into the ultimate in peacock wear for sneakerheads. SB Dunks were a flex, a means of differentiating yourself with flashier, rarer, harder-to-find sneakers. They showed that you knew where to go to get sneakers nobody else could. Or that you were willing to pay huge prices to get them.
For many sneaker collectors who grew into the hobby in the 2000s, the SB Dunk was a foundational shoe. It was the first model that taught that generation about the allure of the quickstrike, the collab. Nike SB Dunks have been up and down ever since—the golden era was undoubtedly the mid-2000s, followed by the dark age of the 2010s and then a renaissance in the 2020s—but they’ve always meant something. Here, in the celebration of the SB Dunk, we ranked the 20 best versions of the shoe that have ever existed. These are the best Nike SB Dunks of all time.
All products are independently selected by our editors. Complex may collect a share of sales from the links on this page if you decide to shop them.
Year: 2020By far the newest sneaker on this list, the Ben & Jerry’s x Nike SB Dunk Low had the sneaker world in a chokehold in 2020. Whether you loved it or hated it, there was no avoiding the Chunky Dunky. Any time you pulled up X (which we called “Twitter” back then), there was a picture of the ice cream carton-inspired special box, or there was Hikment Sugoer eating actual ice cream out of a pair, or there were people arguing about if the shoe was amazing or terrible. Regardless, it felt like a return to form for the Swoosh’s SB label, which colored up the iconic Dunk with flashy colors and faux cow hair. It was one of the more important SB Dunks in an era that brought in a whole new crowd to fawn over the shoes. At the end of the day, the Chunky Dunkys were one of those pairs that made their way into the mainstream. I don’t know about you, but once a year I’ll get a text from a random family member saying, “Wow did you see these shoes, they’re insane.” And in 2020 that text was always centered on the Ben & Jerry’s x Nike SB Dunk Low. —Ben Felderstein
Shop StockX's inventory of the Ben & Jerry’s x Nike SB Dunk Low ‘Chunky Dunky’ here.
Year: 2002At first there were four. It wasn’t an easy ask to get skaters into Nike skateboarding shoes in 2002. It seemed like the least cool thing that could have happened back then. But Nike huddled around the right guys, a crew of undeniable legends in street skating: Richard Mulder, Reese Forbes, Gino Iannucci, and Danny Supa. The last of those was an East Coast staple, a New York City icon. Supa’s bouncy, big pop style caught people’s attention in skate videos like Zoo York’s Mix Tape. And he wanted to represent NYC with his first dunk release. His shoe came in a white, orange, and blue, a close match for some of the city’s beloved sports squads. It stood out amongst the original Dunks. Gino’s was all black. Reese went wheat. And Mulder based his off a Nike Tennis Classic he bought at an outlet. I have a soft spot for the Mulders. But the Supas are the ones that people keep going back to, even 22 years later. —Matt Welty
Shop StockX's inventory of the Nike SB Dunk Low 'Supa' here.
Year: 2004How would the hippies who made Haight-Ashbury famous feel about a corporate behemoth like Nike channeling their aesthetic for a limited edition tchotchke? That’s too big a question to answer in this space, but we can tell you for certain that sneaker people loved it. This collab with Keith Hufnagel’s namesake brand celebrated its San Francisco home with powerful tie-dye panels and distressed leather uppers. Not only is it one of the best SB Dunks of all time, it’s also one of the standout SB Dunk Highs—let’s face it, the Lows have historically made more impact. Hufnagel, an icon of skateboarding who passed in 2020, gave the world a handful of memorable sneakers through his Nike work; this was the best. —Brendan Dunne
Shop StockX's inventory of the Huf x Nike SB Dunk High here.
Year: 2010There isn’t much that perfectly describes the relationship that Nike SB has with the rest of Nike more than the amount of sneakers it's created that celebrate weed. A company the size of Nike that markets to just about everyone from professional athletes to children, and everyone in between, isn’t exactly the company you’d expect to see aligning itself with cannabis. But that’s exactly what makes the SB division special: left-of-center projects and collaborations that the bigger brand wouldn’t be able to get away with otherwise. In 2010 Nike employee and artist Todd Brartrud pitched the idea of the “Skunk” Dunk to the SB division and it was met with high praise. With an upper dressed in hairy suede, the inspiration behind the shoe is about as subtle as a bong rip, sporting a number of green shades and a contrasting purple Swoosh and outsole. Nike SB has released many weed-themed Dunks since, but to this day the “Skunks” are the most recognizable and have set the high standard that all weed sneakers will be held to. —Ben Felderstein
Shop StockX's inventory of the Nike SB Dunk High 'Skunk' here.
Year: 2004Reese Forbes was one of the original members of the Nike SB team and designed multiple Dunks during his tenure. In fact, his Denim SB Low from 2002 came very close to also making this list. The Hunter, however, landed during the height of Pink Box mania in 2004, had far more hype, and even better represented what SBs were all about at the time. The striking colorway mixed burlap underlays and canvas camouflage overlays with safety orange accents, and featured a quilted lining so overstuffed that sizing up was recommended. No one needed to explain that this was a special shoe—one look was all it took to know that this wasn’t a typical Nike. That ability to exude prestige, without anyone even necessarily knowing the stories behind the shoes, was a common trait among the best of Nike SB. —Zac Dubasik
Shop StockX's inventory of the Nike SB Dunk Low 'Hunter' here.
Year: 2007One of the major points of differentiation between the Nike SB of the 2020s and the Nike SB of the 2000s is the partners they’ve picked for sneaker collaborations. In this decade, SB has worked with the biggest rapper in the world, a ubiquitous convenience store chain, and Ben & Jerry’s. Before SB went pop, things felt more underground. Their collaborators were more aligned with the core characteristics of skateboarding: rebellious, misunderstood, alternative. MF DOOM, an evil genius whose madcap raps made him a critical darling at the turn of the at the turn of the century, was one of the beneficiaries of this strategy. His shoes sought to recreate his supervillain persona with gunmetal coloring and art pulled from his most beloved projects. It was an ideal overlap for rap nerds and sneaker nerds—if you were into DOOM at the time, you were well acquainted with the thrill of copping rare gear from his oeuvre (salute to anyone who paid big bucks for the Fondle 'Em pressing of Operation Doomsday on Ebay). —Brendan Dunne
Shop StockX's inventory of the MF DOOM x Nike SB Dunk High here.
Year: 2005Nike SB Dunk designs have rarely embraced subtlety, but this 2005 collaboration with hip-hop pioneers De La Soul was a lot even by those standards. The group’s debut album, Three Feet High and Rising, served as aesthetic inspiration for the project, and the list of features includes (but is not limited to): green elephant print, brown nubuck, orange piping, and panels with lenticular animations. The project also included a slightly more subdued Dunk Low in white with the aforementioned lenticular animation panels in yellow. Nike SB would revisit these models in 2015, helping to lead an era where it flipped a handful of beloved Dunks in altered formats. In the case of these Dunks, this meant swapping the colorways between their original High and Low cuts. The original De La Soul High has always been the true standout of the bunch though, and captured both the look and personality of its namesake group perfectly. —Zac Dubasik
Shop StockX's inventory of the De La Soul x Nike SB Dunk High here.
Year: 2004Pop culture/sneaker crossovers are far too common these days. Frankly, most of them aren’t good. But the unofficial pop culture references that Nike SB was doing back in the 2000s still hold up as some of the best examples we’ve ever seen. Part of it is probably because they were unsanctioned. These things likely don’t hit the same with a Star Wars logo on the tongue or Yoda’s face on the insole, to be honest. But enough of the hypotheticals. What Nike SB did deliver with its “Jedi” SB Dunk Lows in 2004 was nothing short of amazing. The mix of its tan suede upper, green leather overlays, and brown accents on the Swoosh and midsole to match the robe and skin of the Jedi master work so well together. It’s also immediately apparent what these things are inspired by without leaning on corny details or being super gimmicky. The neon green laces and contrast stitching that nod to Yoda’s lightsaber make them that much better. You don’t even need to like Star Wars to think this shoe is incredible (this writer has never seen a single movie in the franchise and still does). As Yoda would say: one of the best, this sneaker is. —Mike DeStefano
Shop StockX's inventory of the Nike SB Dunk Low 'Jedi' here.
Year: 2008Boston-based boutique Concepts has made plenty of great sneakers with numerous brands since its inception. None of them are as important as 2008’s “Red Lobster.” For starters, the theme and execution are the reason we love Nike SBs so much. The speckled suede overlays to mimic a lobster’s shell. The rubber bands around the toe like the ones around a crustacean’s claws at the seafood market (please don’t wear them with the bands on). The checkered lining is akin to the table cloth you lay out for before your feast on your seafood boil. Concepts thought about every little detail of the presentation and the result was a perfect ode to New England’s stellar seafood. These also came at a time when the red-hot hype around SB Dunks had cooled a bit, so for Concepts to deliver such a universally beloved hit was impressive. But most importantly, the “Red Lobster” was so big that it started an entire franchise. To date, Concepts has revisited the “Lobster” theme six times since the original red version (blue, yellow, green, purple, orange, and white). When you become a shop’s signature, you deserve your flowers. —Mike DeStefano
Shop StockX's inventory of the Concepts x Nike SB Dunk Low 'Lobster' here.
Year: 2005Is this Stüssy’s best Nike collab of all time? We think so. And we aren’t the only ones. I mean, what’s not to like? Nike SB linked up with one of the most important streetwear brands of all time. The color combination of pink, brown, and cream, inspired by the three flavors featured in Neopolitan ice cream, just look amazing together. The red cherry on the tongue is, well, the cherry on top. While the old heads in your life may try and tell you these things weren’t as coveted as some of their contemporaries when they originally released in 2005, that doesn’t mean they were a total dud or something. Plus, in the years since, the Stüssy SB Dunks have been given a second life that you can’t just overlook when you consider its place in sneaker history. A co-sign from Travis Scott as SBs were regaining popularity in 2019 caused old pairs of these to skyrocket in value. It might not be a stretch to say that the younger generation considers these the greatest SB Dunk Low of all time. While it’s a wrinkle that makes these that much more special, the shoe didn’t need it to be considered a standout from the Pink Box era. It’s just another cherry on top of the sundae. —Mike DeStefano
Shop StockX's inventory of the Stussy x Nike SB Dunk Low here.
Year: 2004For love or money? That was the prophetic choice graffiti writer and hip-hop renaissance man Futura posed on this ambitious SB Dunk from 2004. “It was an indirect message/question to the global streetwear community at large,” Futura recently wrote on Instagram. The shoe pushed the boundaries of graphic prints on footwear, covering the upper with images of different denominations of cash from around the world. Like many of the most elusive shoes on this list, it might have pushed the boundaries too far—the “FLOM” SB Dunk never got a proper release, and was a friends and family exclusive. The sneaker showed up as SB Dunk hype was first cresting, and its theme of currency vs. culture was immediately resonant in a scene when reselling still felt taboo and secondary market cash outs weren’t necessarily something to boast about. Well before Nike decided that (relatively) limited edition sneakers were an easy means of printing money, Futura did the obvious and had Nike literally print the money. —Brendan Dunne
Shop StockX's inventory of the Futura x Nike SB Dunk High 'Flom' here.
Year: UnreleasedThe “Freddy” is in some ways the epitome of the SB Dunk as a genre. Like many SB classics, the sneaker uses recognizable design cues to allude to a pop culture moment (A Nightmare on Elm Street, in this instance) without officially being connected to it. These days, Nike SB is a lot more inclined to do partnerships with big brands and intellectual property, but in the heyday of SB Dunks, they would more often settle for unofficial references. Those references made the shoes feel more daring and irreverent—at least with respect to the legal teams involved in handling their release. That’s another thing that makes this one special. The “Freddy” SB Dunk never got a proper launch; the legend goes that the shoe prompted the threat of litigation from New Line Cinema, so Nike pulled it. The shoe might be too special to rank too high here—it really is the kind of unicorn that not many people were able to enjoy or participate in—but it’s still a grail and the kind of cheeky, elusive colorway that made SB so much fun in the 2000s. —Brendan Dunne
Shop StockX's inventory of the Nike SB Dunk Low 'Freddy' here.
Year: 2003In the early days of Nike SB, there were a lot of unofficial references in the sneakers. Most of them were not officially licensed like they are these days. The most infamous of them all might be the “Heineken” Dunk. It hit the shelves in 2003 at skate shops. It was a white and green Dunk with Heineken’s recognizable star logo on the heel. The shoe was promptly pulled, but not before some people could purchase it. Word has it that the brewer sent Nike a cease and desist over the shoes. It’s one of those shoes that became an instant grail. I remember people wearing these on NikeTalk and just thought, “This is what it’s all about.” I’ve never really liked drinking Heineken, but in the ‘90s it was the beer of East Coast hip-hop and skateboarding. And mixing it with Nike SB just made sense. It was a shoe about the crossroads of culture, and those who participated in all of it back then. There were rumblings of the shoe coming back in some form, thanks to Heineken posting an image after Tiffany teased its official Nike collab. But none of that has been substantiated—we chalk it up to Heineken just being thirsty. Kind of funny to see after the brand initially shut down the shoe. If you want a pair now, you’re gonna have to dish out more than $5,000. —Matt Welty
Shop StockX's inventory of the Nike SB Dunk Low 'Heineken' here.
Year: 2003Supreme’s Air Jordan 3-inspired Dunk Lows from 2002 helped lead both Supreme and Nike SB to new levels of hype, but its three-pack of Dunk Highs the following year even better represented the vibe that the NY-based brand is best known for. It featured gold stars on the mid panels, a gold Supreme lace bar, and bold accent colors of red, orange, and university blue with croc-skin embossing. Nike SB and Supreme returned to this playbook in 2021 and ran back a four-pack of Dunk Lows with the same theme. A lot had changed in the 18 years since the Highs released, but the new versions quickly sold out and still go for several times their retail price on the resale market. A case could be made that it was a shameless play to capitalize on past success rather than creating something new, but either way, it was a testament to the juice still possessed by the original. —Zac Dubasik
Shop StockX's inventory of the Supreme x Nike SB Dunk High here.
Year: 2007There have been some cringe-inducing takes on the “What The” concept over the years—the world was certainly never asking for the What The Nike PG 6. But despite Nike Basketball running the concept into the ground, it's never dulled the impact of the original What The Dunk. The mash-up sneaker was something we’d never seen when it was released in 2007 to coincide with Nike SB’s Nothing But the Truth skate video. It made complete sense too; the individual colorways were so unique that they were immediately recognizable in a sea of mismatched panels. The overall aesthetic was crazy, yet it just worked. And almost 20 years later, it’s still fun to pick out the different pieces. That typically has to be done via pictures though, because the shoes were extremely limited and expensive from the start. What had always been a four-figure shoe on the resale market has become a five-figure shoe over time. The What The Dunk may not be greater than the sum of its parts, and doesn’t make it to the very top of the list, but those parts are so good that it’s close. —Zac Dubasik
Shop StockX's inventory of the 'What the' Nike SB Dunk Low here.
Year: 2002This shoe was a first in several categories. It was Supreme’s first Nike SB shoe. And the first non-Jordan to have cement print. Released in 2002, the Supreme SB Dunk Lows referenced both the “Black/Cement” and “True Blue” Air Jordan 3s. The sneakers also almost didn’t happen at all.
In 2001, Supreme made a “Fuck Nike” T-shirt and also a “Downlow” sneaker that was a rip off of the Air Force 1, down to the box it came in—tan/red instead of Nike’s tan/orange. The sneakers were only released in store at Supreme’s original location on Lafayette Street in New York City. Supreme founder James Jebbia wasn’t happy at the time that Nike was trying to get into skateboarding originally.
“They hit up James for all this information because he’s got a skate shop in New York, Supreme, and they see what’s going on. They ended up doing their own thing and did not include James,” said former Supreme designer Geoff Heath in a story published on Complex. “He gets all pissed off, calls me up and says, ‘Hey, you know the Nike font? Can you make ‘Fuck Nike’ T-shirts in that Nike font?’ No problem—banged it out real quick. He comes over and tells us the story: They had wined and dined him twice and left him in the dust.”
Luckily they set aside their differences and were able to make the Dunks and change the course of the sneaker industry. The shoes referenced Air Jordans, making a connection between historical basketball shoes that OG collectors could appreciate. Starting from this duo of Dunks in 2002, Supreme and Nike have enjoyed a long, fruitful relationship together that continues to this day. —Matt Welty
Shop StockX's inventory of the Supreme x Nike SB Dunk Low here.
Year: 2004First thing’s first—this is not an official Futura collaboration. Yes, the shoe has his Pointman characters and atomic circles on the upper, but it technically was a project between Nike and Unkle, the British trip hop group founded by James Lavelle. Not that that matters that much. This is one of those sneakers that was hot purely off the way it looked; it would be a stretch to imagine any more than a small sliver of the public who stood in line for these sneakers could name you five Unkle songs. (The connections between Lavelle’s record label Mo’ Wax and Nike run deep but, again, that context is not why people care about the Dunkles.) The sneaker went graphic without getting cheesy, and felt like an exclamation point without using the blasts of color that SB Dunks often relied on. It’s probably the best Futura x Nike collab ever, even if it actually isn’t. —Brendan Dunne
Shop StockX's inventory of the Unkle x Nike SB Dunk High here.
Year: 2003The idea that SB Dunks, Dunks, or sneakers in general are a canvas for cultural expression is one of the most tired cliches one can use to describe limited edition footwear. It’s the type of phrase a top-ranking sneaker brand exec will drop in an investor call, or that you resort to at Thanksgiving when trying to explain to distant relatives why you paid four figures for those absurd looking things on your feet. If there was ever an instance in which the description was apt and justified though, this right here is it.
The “Paris” SB Dunk, part of Nike SB’s epic city series from 2003, is an homage to the French capital through the artwork of painter Bernard Buffet. Each pair is unique, using a different overlay of canvas pulled straight from a Buffet piece. The super limited Nikes showed how sneakers could transcend footwear and become legit pieces of art. One sneakerhead, Andre “Croatian Style” Ljustina, sought to corner the market on the shoes when they dropped in Paris by buying as many as he could, and subsequently blew the minds of NikeTalk users when he posted a group pic showing off his spoils. Like legit fine art, the “Paris” SB Dunks were prized as tools of commerce, and one of the first super expensive SB Dunks that ignited fervor for Dunk collecting. —Brendan Dunne
Shop StockX's inventory of the Nike SB Dunk Low 'Paris' here.
Year: 2005Jeff Staple’s Nike SB Dunk Low “Pigeon” is quite possibly the sneaker on this list most representative of sneaker culture as a whole. It caused a mini riot upon its release in 2005 and to this day is often regarded as one of the best and most memorable drops ever. So hyped was the release that people forked over $300 for the “Pigeon” SB Dunk’s retail drop, an over-box-price tag that was unheard of at the time. Released as part of Nike SB’s city-themed series, people began lining up in the streets at Staple’s Reed Space shop on New York’s Lower East Side days before the actual design of the sneaker had even been revealed.
The mainstream media took the story and ran with it, labeling it a “sneaker frenzy,” which put sneaker lineups on the map and under a microscope. Aesthetically, the “Pigeon” Dunks do a perfect job representing NYC, featuring the city’s infamous winged mascot and a color scheme resembling the concrete jungle. Staple capitalized on the insane notoriety his Pigeons received, creating an entire brand anchored around the bird, and still releases apparel and collabs in the same vein almost two decades later. That’s how major the impact of the “Pigeon” Dunks is. —Ben Felderstein
Shop StockX's inventory of the Staple x Nike SB Dunk Low ‘Pigeon’ here.
Year: 2005There could only be one. No shoe, in our opinion, embodies what a Nike SB Dunk was and should be better than the Diamond Supply Co. collaboration that most people call the “Tiffany” Dunk. Created by Nick Tershay (aka Nicky Diamond) in 2005, the sneaker was part of the “Team Manager” series that also included the Stüssy Dunk. The shoe uses Tiffany and Co.’s iconic color scheme with faux croc skin for a truly luxury looking design.
“I don’t know if it is the greatest SB. I think at the time it was the most hyped one,” Tershay told Complex in 2018. “In 2005, I feel that maybe a lot of it had to do with that it was such an original colorway that nobody ever used, which is weird because it has been a Tiffany and Co. colorway for so many years. I never saw it on any T-shirts, apparel, sneakers, or anything before, so I was like, ‘Fuck, man, I’m just going to throw it on a shoe.’”
He posted a pic of himself holding the sneaker on MySpace and it went viral back then. Ahead of the release, everyone wanted them. The Diamond Dunk was one of the first shoes where shop owners started to headcrack customers, charging way over the box price.
Chris Rice, the founder of the skate shop Identity in Portsmouth, New Hampshire, was working at Eastern Boarder when the Tiffany came out. He remembers the shoes arriving on Friday and a huge line forming by Saturday morning.
“The first kid was like, 'Do you have the Tiffanys?'" recalls Rice. "He's like, 'Do you have an 8?’ And I was like, ‘Yeah, they're 150 bucks.’ And he's like, 'Yeah, no worries.' And I sold all of them in a row for 150 bucks. And from that point on, it was just money."
There was a legendary figure, the Tiffany Kid, who wore a matching head-to-toe fit with them at an Undefeated release. There were plenty of fakes of Tiffany Dunks. Even our own Joe La Puma got beat with a fake pair. Diamond collaborated with Nike SB on three Dunks again in 2018, and a riot broke out over them at ComplexCon. There was a high-top pair of Diamond Dunks in 2014, but it wasn’t the same. Those sequels just show that the original truly is the zenith of SB Dunks. I guess they were right when they said diamonds are forever. —Matt Welty
Shop StockX's inventory of the Diamond x Nike SB Dunk Low ‘Tiffany’ here.
Timberland
Timberland Premium 6-Inch Waterproof Boot - Black
PDF CHANNEL
STRADA // BLACK
Timberland
Timberland Premium 6-Inch Waterproof Boot - Wheat
FCTRY LAb
FCTRY LAb x NLE Choppa Duck Boot - BLACK
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.