Taylor Swift has delighted fans by going 'social media official' with her beau Travis Kelce following the NFL star's storming success at the Super Bowl.
Posing alongside the Kansas City Chiefs player, the Blank Space hitmaker shared a side-splitting clip with her followers, poking fun at an awkward moment after Travis' team's comeback from a 10-point deficit to defeat the San Francisco 49ers.
It meant Travis won his third Super Bowl ring and Taylor and the pair certainly celebrated in style, attending an afterparty in Las Vegas. Heading out with her parents Scott and Andrea Swift, Taylor documented the party in a sweet TikTok video.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US .
READ MORE: Taylor Swift's sweet whispers to Travis Kelce as she tries to hide three words with hand
Taylor filmed the venue as a DJ played the tune What’s Your Fantasy? by Ludacris. Footage shows the moment Travis sticks his tongue out as the camera pans to Taylor's awkward-looking parents as Swift seemingly mouths "oops" into the lens. "Accidentally going clubbing with your parents is something everyone should try at least once in their life," she wrote.
Fans flocked to the comments as Taylor finally confirmed her romance with Travis, which was first debuted in September last year. "Taylor with the hard launch," said one user. Another said: "Her first time posting anything with Trav in it — I love them."
It comes after the couple enjoyed a passionate kiss on the field, with Taylor holding back tears as she wrapped her arms around Travis. A lip reader has since exclusively revealed to The Mirror exactly what the singer said when she congratulated Travis on his win.
Jeremy Freeman revealed Taylor told Travis: "That was brilliant," before adding: "Oh my god, oh baby." She seemed lost for words after the Chiefs won, repeating: "Oh my god," as she kissed Travis. Taylor had watched the game from a $1million (£790,000) suite paid for by Travis. She was joined by her best friend Blake Lively and rapper Ice Spice, who recently collaborated with Taylor on her Midnights album.
Taylor's parents, Andrea and Scott Swift, her brother Austin, and Austin's girlfriend Sydney also watched the game from the Suite as well as Travis' parents Donna and Ed Kelce, his brother Jason and sister-in-law Kylie. Taylor made sure to introduce her friends to Travis' family. A clip of the sweet interaction was shared on X, formerly known as Twitter, with Jeremy revealing what was said. As Jason and Taylor enjoyed a big hug, the NFL star said: "All good."
Ice Spice stood off to the side before Taylor said: "I'd like you to meet Ice." Jason shook hands with the rapper and said: "How ya doin'?" Afterwards, Taylor and her dad were seen chatting to Jason's wife Kylie. The two women seemed to enjoy a bit of gossip, with Jeremy suggesting Taylor said: "Are you sure? Are you serious?" Kylie replied: "Are you serious…I did, I did, God he is so cool…I don't know how to explain it." It's unclear who the pair were talking about.
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok , Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.