Patrick Kane scored the game-winning goal on a breakaway at 1:43 of overtime to lift the visiting Detroit Red Wings past the Chicago Blackhawks 3-2 on Sunday in Kane’s return to Chicago.
Kane added an assist and Daniel Sprong and Alex DeBrincat also scored to help Detroit extend its winning streak to five games. Goaltender James Reimer stopped 33 shots. MacKenzie Entwistle and Nick Foligno scored and Petr Mrazek made 28 saves for Chicago.
A former league and playoff MVP who helped the Blackhawks to three Stanley Cups during his 15-plus seasons before his February 2023 trade to the New York Rangers, Kane stretched his point streak to eight games.
Kane received a salute from Hockey Hall of Famer Chris Chelios during a pregame ceremony in which the Blackhawks retired Chelios’ No. 7. A sellout crowd gave Kane a lengthy standing ovation when a video tribute was shown following a stoppage early in the first period.
Blue Jackets 4, Rangers 2
Jack Roslovic and Ivan Provorov scored late in the second period and Columbus ended visiting New York’s 10-game winning streak.
Columbus denied the Rangers what would have been a team-record 11th straight win and handed New York its first loss since a 5-2 setback to the Vegas Golden Knights on Jan. 26. The Rangers had twice before won 10 straight, most recently in 1973.
Rookie Dmitri Voronkov and Kirill Marchenko also scored as the Blue Jackets never trailed, won for the third time in five games and beat the Rangers for the second time in three meetings this season.
Jets 4, Coyotes 3 (OT)
Kyle Connor scored his second goal of the game 33 seconds into overtime as host Winnipeg beat Arizona, sending the Coyotes to their 12th straight loss. Winnipeg won for the sixth time in its last seven.
Mark Scheifele had a goal and three assists, while Gabriel Vilardi also scored once and assisted once for the Jets. Josh Morrissey had three assists, and Connor Hellebuyck turned aside 29 shots.
Nick Schmaltz scored twice for Arizona and Matias Maccelli scored as well in the losing effort. Connor Ingram made 28 saves.
Penguins 7, Flyers 6
Sidney Crosby had a goal and three assists, Bryan Rust posted two goals and an assist and Pittsburgh outlasted visiting Philadelphia.
Rickard Rakell and Kris Letang each added a goal and an assist and Emil Bemstrom and Drew O’Connor each scored for the Penguins, who have won two straight. Pittsburgh broke open a 4-4 game after 40 minutes, scoring three goals in the third period before holding off the Flyers. Goaltender Tristan Jarry finished with 15 saves.
Tyson Foerster and Scott Laughton each had two goals and an assist, while Travis Sanheim and Cam York both chipped in a goal and an assist for the Flyers, who have lost two straight. Philadelphia goaltender Cal Petersen made 25 saves.
Lightning 4, Devils 1
Victor Hedman and Brayden Point scored consecutive goals early in the second period as Tampa Bay completed a successful weekend road trip by beating New Jersey in Newark, N.J.
Brandon Hagel scored just before the midway point of the third and Nikita Kucherov added an empty-netter for the Lightning, who swept a back-to-back road set against the Devils and New York Islanders, each of whom are chasing Tampa Bay in the wild-card race. Kucherov had four points and leads the NHL with 102.
Goaltender Jonas Johansson made 18 saves for the Lightning, who temporarily moved into the first wild-card spot with 69 points before sliding back to the No. 2 spot after the Detroit Red Wings beat the Chicago Blackhawks later in the day.
Sabers 3, Hurricanes 2 (SO)
Casey Mittelstadt had the only successful shootout attempt, tallying in the fourth round to give Buffalo the win over visiting Carolina.
Jeff Skinner and Owen Power scored for Buffalo, which won its third straight game. Goalie Ukko-Pekka Luukkonen stopped 30 shots through overtime before denying the Hurricanes on all four of their chances in the shootout.
Tony DeAngelo and Martin Necas scored in regulation for Carolina. Spencer Martin made 30 saves, and he is 3-0-1 since joining the team.
Predators 4, Ducks 2
Filip Forsberg and Michael McCarron scored during a three-goal third period for Nashville, which completed a sweep of its five-game road stretch with a win over Anaheim.
Immediately from a faceoff win, Forsberg got the puck, half-circled, then unleashed a snap shot that found the top-right corner of the net to break a 1-1 tie just 3:26 into the third. Fourth-liner McCarron followed with a rebound tally at 8:43 into the final frame, which proved important as Anaheim got within a goal via Brett Leason’s score with the goaltender pulled with 2:24 left on the scoreboard.
Isac Lundestrom also scored for Anaheim, which is mired in a 2-5-1 stretch. Lukas Dostal made 25 saves for the Ducks.
–Field Level Media
You must be logged in to post a comment.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.