Baby, let the games begin.
In the wake of the Kansas City Chiefs’ playoff win, this year’s big game is shaping up to be Super Bowl (Taylor’s Version).
The pop phenom’s shown up to support boyfriend Travis Kelce at 12 of his games so far this season, even sharing a smooch on the field following the team’s latest win against the Baltimore Ravens on Sunday.
So if you’re in your football era this year — and cheering for the Chiefs — why not take fashion inspiration straight from the superstar?
After all, she always stays on top of her game when it comes to red-and-gold spectator style, having supported her “guy on the Chiefs” with sartorial selections throughout the season.
Below, browse 24 options that guarantee the only reason they’ll be talking over the football game is to compliment your outfit.
“I’ll be 87, you’ll be 89.” To cheer on Kelce in style next weekend, consider picking up this black-and-white graphic tee.
Given Swift and Kelce’s romance started with a friendship bracelet, what better way to celebrate the big game than with beaded bling in Chiefs colors? Swift owns several Little Words Project designs herself, as Lance Bass gifted her a stack at the 2023 VMAs.
“We are a brand all about spreading kindness and self-love through the words on our wrists and Lance did just that on the world’s stage,” CEO and founder Adriana Carrig previously told Page Six Style.
Swift swiped Kelce’s Conference Championships hat after Sunday’s game, sporting it for a series of snaps.
While Taylor Swift’s worn both high heels and sneakers for Chiefs games throughout the season, she stayed comfy in this pair of New Balance kicks for her very first game in September 2023.
You can’t get more classic than a jersey. Stock up on styles slated to arrive before the game, including this shrunken take on Kelce’s uniform.
Swift proved neutral wardrobe staples make great game-day attire at her first-ever Chiefs game, where she layered this classic cotton tank under a team jacket. While it flew off the shelves shortly after her appearance, the simple style was recently restocked. 
No Swift-inspired game-day look would be complete without a swipe of red lipstick. While she’s remained tight-lipped about which hue created her smudge-proof looks this season, she previously sang the praises of this star-approved shade. 
“It’s a staple. I was the last person to discover it,” Swift told People in 2015 of the bold hue, also linked to Rihanna, Gwen Stefani and more. 
Are you red-y for it? Brittany Mahomes and Taylor Swift both regularly cheer on the team in bright red outerwear. Score a similar style with this puffer from celeb favorite Apparis. 
Add some edge to your game-day look with a sleek moto jacket in Chiefs-approved red and cream.
Brittany Mahomes frequently cheers on the Chiefs alongside Swift — sometimes even wearing likeminded looks. 
And if you’re taking cues from her fashion playbook, consider picking up this bright red bodysuit. In October, the retired soccer pro got game day-ready in a similar style from Naked Wardrobe — a brand whose body-hugging fashions are beloved by everyone from Jennifer Lopez to Sophie Turner.
While the Guest in Residence sweater Taylor Swift sported for Sunday’s playoff game sadly sold out swiftly, Gigi Hadid’s cashmere brand still has this soft hat stocked in the same cherry hue.
Whether you’re watching from home or feeling the breeze in your hair on Super Bowl weekend at the stadium itself, pay homage to Swift’s sweet “Karma” lyric change with this cute crewneck.
While the BaubleBar x Erin Andrews necklace Swift sported during the playoffs is sadly sold out, you can still “make the friendship bracelets” with this beaded style instead.
Both the “Midnights” hitmaker and her bestie Selena Gomez carry Aupen’s (relatively) budget-friendly bags on repeat. So why not top off your game-day look with the Swift-approved Nirvana style in red?
Swift favors Mother styles for both her street style looks and her music videos — and this retro jacket from the label makes for a stylish game-day ‘fit you’ll want wear well beyond Super Bowl Sunday.
While Swift owns Kendra Scott’s bestselling Elisa Necklace ($65), the brand’s also brought its signature geometric gesmstones to friendship bracelets.
If you’re solely watching the Super Bowl in hopes of a Swift sighting, why not invest in something you can get use out of long after the big game? Swift-loved label Free People sells plenty of sporty styles, including this slouchy style and the striped We The Free Clean Prep Polo ($128).
The pop star’s closet includes this red knit dress from Reformation, which just might be even comfier than sweats for watching the big game at home.
While Swift’s game-day style has included bling from the likes of Cartier and Foundrae, she doesn’t just get “Bejeweled” in four-figure pieces. This ring from Mejuri — also a favorite of stars like Selena Gomez and Meghan Markle — makes regular appearances on her hand.
While cheering on her tight-end boyfriend, Swift regularly reaches for Sheertex tights. She sported this diamond-patterned pair for Sunday’s playoff game, weeks after wearing the brand’s classic Rip Resistant Tights ($59 $35) to a game in December.
The best part? Each style is made from one of the world’s toughest polymers, so strong they’re typically used in bulletproof vests and climbing equipment. (When Page Six Style editor Elana Fishman tested them out, she found they lived up to their rip-resistant promise.)
Channel “Reputation” on game day with this cozy hoodie.
Abercrombie & Fitch sells several Chiefs-branded designs, including this retro-inspired pullover. 
Cheer on the Chiefs in style with a Staud sweater dress featuring the brand’s signature color-blocking (in red and gold, of course). 
If all you’re really rooting for is the release of “Reputation (Taylor’s Version),” pick up this Swift-worn sparkler from Mazin Jewels.