Richard Gere appears on the "Today" show Wednesday, Nov. 20, 2024, with Savannah Guthrie. (NBC video still)NBC
North Syracuse high school alumnus Richard Gere flipped off “Today” show host Savannah Guthrie on live TV today.
Gere appeared on the NBC morning show Wednesday to promote his new Showtime thriller, ”The Agency,” and appeared to object to a clip leaving out a key moment. So Gere pointed his middle finger at Guthrie.
“You didn’t show (it) but that’s what I did in the piece,” Gere said. “That’s what the clip was.”
“You just did an obscene gesture on this family morning show. I’m bleeping you!” Guthrie responded.
The gesture was blurred out in later video clips and broadcasts, but his middle finger could be seen clearly and uncensored in the original broadcast.
Gere said he was “sorry,” but insisted that it was important to illustrate the scene.
“I could see that but it didn’t make any sense without that. My hand did that, I have no control,” Gere said.
The incident comes a day after Cher said the “F” word on the “Today” show while promoting her new autobiography, “Cher, The Memoir: Part One.” Cher was discussing relationship advice she got from “I Love Lucy” star Lucille Ball and Hoda Kotb assured her that she could speak explicitly, promising producers would “bleep it.” But Kotb’s team didn’t have a 7-second delay prepared for the live broadcast, shocking the NBC hosts and their audience.
“You know, Cher was on here doing an F-bomb yesterday so I don’t know what’s happening!” Guthrie told Gere.
Gere, 75, was born in Philadelphia and grew up in Central New York, graduating from North Syracuse High School in 1967. The Emmy-nominated actor, known for roles in “Pretty Woman,” “Chicago,” “An Officer and a Gentleman” and “American Gigolo,” next stars in “The Agency,” premiering Nov. 29 on Showtime and Paramount+.
MORE BUZZ:
Buzz is a daily roundup of entertainment news about movies, TV, music and celebrities.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices