By AMY LAMARE FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  21:26, 18 January 2024   |  Updated:  21:29, 18 January 2024   
 170
View  comments
Kylie Jenner and Timothee Chalamet are going strong nine months into their steamy romance.
The loved-up couple put their chemistry on display at the recent Golden Globe awards where the Wonka star, 28, stuck by the reality TV star's, 26, side all night. 
In fact, while sitting in the audience of the awards ceremony, they had their legs intertwined, an eyewitness has claimed.
'Timothee mingled for a little bit but was otherwise right next to Kylie the whole time,' a source told Us Weekly. 
'They were having a very intimate conversation and shared a few kisses. It was obvious they have amazing chemistry.'
Kylie Jenner and Timothee Chalamet are going strong nine months into their steamy romance, a source told UsWeekly; seen on January 7 at the Golden Globe Awards in Beverly Hills
The loved-up couple put their chemistry on display where the Wonka star, 28, stuck by the reality TV star's, 26, side all night
The same witness told the outlet that the couple 'couldn’t keep their hands off each other.'
At the event they kissed for the camera and a lip reader claimed that they said 'I love you' to each other. 
The couple first ignited rumors of a romance last April, after meeting at Paris Fashion week a few months earlier. 
They went very public with their relationship in September, looking inseparable at New York Fashion Week.  
And now Us Weekly's sources are saying the couple is 'madly in love.'
The Dune star has even met the Kylie Cosmetics mogul's two kids. She shares Stormi, five, and Aire, 23 months, with her ex-boyfriend Travis Scott, 32. 
'Timothee has met them in group situations where there were other family members or friends around,' a second source for the outlet revealed
'It hasn’t been anything where it’s just Kylie, Timothee and the kids in an intimate setting. And she introduced him as one of Mommy’s friends. Kylie feels like it’s [still] too soon to let them know anything about their relationship.'
And as for her family, they are fans of Timothee and Kylie, especially Kris Jenner, 68.
'They absolutely adore him,' the source added. 'They are all for this relationship and really hope it lasts.'
The Call Me By Your Name star was even invited to the Kardashian's famous Christmas party.
Us Weekly's first source agrees that everyone 'really likes Timothee; they think he’s funny and sweet and they love how into Kylie he is.
'Everything is going great between them. They both have really busy schedules but make as much time for each other as possible,' the source explained.
 The couple first ignited rumors of a romance last April, after meeting at Paris Fashion week a few months earlier
They went very public with their relationship in September, looking inseparable at New York Fashion Week
'Timothée is always making Kylie smile. They have a very special connection.'
When they first got together, things started out slowly but by fall the two were ready to get more serious. 
Us Weekly's source continued: 'They have a ton of mutual friends and they like the same music. They also have a similar sense of humor.
'Timothée’s always making Kylie laugh, and she can’t stop smiling when she’s with him. Obviously there’s a physical attraction there, but they also connect on a deeper level..

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group