KEOKUK, Iowa (KWQC) - A Keokuk man was arrested after Keokuk police say he led them on a chase into Illinois and back to Iowa. 
Keokuk police initiated a traffic stop about 10 a.m. Sunday on a gray Chevrolet Trailblazer at North 5th Street and Grand Avenue, according to a media release. The driver identified as 45-year-old Travis E. Scott had felony arrest warrants as well as a suspended driving status.
Police said Scott led an officer on a chase into Illinois. Illinois authorities were requested to assist. 
The police chase continued into Illinois on North Highway 96 and back into Keokuk at the Keokuk/Hamilton bridge, police said. After a tire deflation device was used on the Iowa side of the bridge by a Keokuk officer and continued to drive. 
While on Main Street Scott crashed into a vehicle at 7th and Main Streets. Police said no one was injured in this crash. 
Scott continued driving and hit a Keokuk officer’s squad car, police said. While turning on North 8th Street Scott lost control and hit a stop sign at Grand Avenue. Scott tried to drive away again hitting another Keokuk squad car, he was arrested by police then. 
Officers said certified narcotics K9 Officer Zsolt alerted during a sniff test, and illegal narcotics were found during a search. 
Scott is charged with eluding, a class D felony, interference with official acts causing bodily injury, a serious misdemeanor, possession of a controlled substance, second offense, Methamphetamine, an aggravated misdemeanor, possession of a controlled substance, second offense, Marijuana, a serious misdemeanor, possession of drug paraphernalia, a simple misdemeanor, driving while suspended, a simple misdemeanor, a felony warrant for Escape From Custody out of Des Moines County, and a felony warrant for Violation of Probation out of Lee County. He was also cited for various traffic offenses related to this incident.
The Hancock County Sheriff’s Office, Hamilton Police Department, Fort Madison Police Department, Lee County Sheriff’s Office, and the Lee County Consolidated Dispatch assisted the Keokuk Police Department during this investigation.
Copyright 2024 KWQC. All rights reserved.