Sign up for your daily dose of dope.
Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce spent a very 'special' Thanksgiving together with their families.
Dec. 2 2024, Published 3:00 p.m. ET
Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce have marked a major milestone in their relationship. 
RadarOnline.com can reveal the mega pop star and the three-time Super Bowl winner spent a "special" Thanksgiving holiday together with their families for the first time, after rumors swirled they were planning on using the holiday season to announce their engagement.  
Swift, 34, along with her mom Andrea and father Scott reportedly hosted Kelce, 35, and his family at their home in Nashville for a festive feast. 
Swift also did not include the subtle nods to her boyfriend — such as his archer pose.
While Andrew and Scott Swift have frequently been seen mingling with Kelce, celebrities, and fans while traveling with their daughter on her global Eras Tour, the pop star's parents have recently been seen hanging out with the Kelce family at the Kansas City Chiefs star's NFL games. 
They continued to combine families for the recent Thanksgiving holiday, too. 
According to a source: "Taylor and Travis had a great Thanksgiving together with their families" in Nashville, which the insider said was a "very festive and special" gathering." 
Swift is keen to settle down with her NFL star boyfriend following the end of her two-year world tour, according to insiders, and Kelce is equally smitten.
The insider added: "It’s the first Thanksgiving they celebrated together. Taylor and her family were excited to host the Kelces this year."
Kelce's brother and New Heights podcast co-host Jason, who recently retired from the Philadelphia Eagles, was said to be in attendance along with his wife, Kylie, and their three daughters – Wyatt, five; Elliotte, three; and Bennett, one. 
Family time continued for the Swifts and Kelces at the Chiefs star's game the day after Thanksgiving.
Last month, Kelce's mom Donna suggested Swift would be too "busy" wrapping up her tour to spend Thanksgiving with her family during an appearance on the Today show. 
When asked if she would be expecting to see her rumored future daughter-in-law for the holidays, Donna said: "I don't think so.
"She's kind of busy right now. She still has her tour to do."
Donna added her family's holiday plans were centered around Kelce's football schedule and she planned to attend his game against the Las Vegas Raiders at Arrowhead Stadium in Kansas City the day after Thanksgiving. 
The pair have been forced to put up with split rumors since they began dating but they appear to be going strong as the sports star 'went out of his way' to ensure her birthday bash was perfect.
Swift ended up attending the game with Donna – and wore a special "87" necklace adorned with diamonds as a tribute to her Lover's jersey number.
Meanwhile, insiders claimed Swift and Kelce were planning on spending many more holidays together as they were allegedly using the season to plan their engagement announcement. 
An insider told us: "This is far from a Thanksgiving celebration – Taylor and Travis have sorted this to tell both sets of their loved ones they are planning to get married.
Daily updates from the heart of Hollywood, right to your inbox
By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you’re agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
"They want to put all the gossip about their relationship status to bed once and for all and they want a wedding to happen in June, which will mark the two-year anniversary of when they first got together."
This isn't the first time since Swift and Kelce's whirlwind romance began that they've sparked engagement rumors. 
Fans were sent into a frenzy when the pair were spotted in Italy touring potential vacation homes together over the summer while the singer took a break from the European leg of her massively successful tour. 
Have a tip? Send it to us! Email RadarOnline.com at tips@radaronline.com.
Email us at tips@radaronline.com
It's all over all right. On May 14, just one day before news broke that Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez are allegedly headed toward a divorce, the singer was spotted house-hunting on her own in Beverly Hills, RadarOnline.com revealed.
BY Aaron Johnson
Clint Eastwood has hit his “frankly, I don’t give a damn” moment in life!
BY Radar Staff
Tom Cruise is living up to his Top Gun image by splashing a fortune choppering his new female “best pal” around Britain – after he “fell in love” with the way she's overcome her disability.
BY Aaron Tinney
More From Radar Online
Opt-out of personalized ads
© Copyright 2025 RADAR ONLINE™️. A DIVISION OF MYSTIFY ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK INC. RADAR ONLINE is a registered trademark. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy. People may receive compensation for some links to products and services. Offers may be subject to change without notice.