ByIan Westhead  
Ian Westhead  
The fall run of shows, produced by Live Nation, will kick off on Tuesday, October 29 in Dublin, Ireland at 3Olympia Theatre, with additional stops in Manchester, London, Brussels, Paris, Berlin, Copenhagen, and more before wrapping up on Wednesday, November 20 in Oslo, Norway at Sentrum Scene.
Following a series of festival performances across Europe this summer, Ice Spice kicked off the North American leg of her tour in Washington, DC on July 30 at The Anthem. The run of shows included stops in Philadelphia, New York, Chicago, Denver, Los Angeles, Atlanta, and more and concluded this past weekend in Miami, FL on August 31 at The Fillmore Miami Beach. Ice has also announced several festival performances across New Zealand and Australia taking place in December and January.
The ‘Y2K! WORLD TOUR’ supports Ice Spice’s debut album, Y2K! which was released July 26, 2024 via 10K Projects/Capitol Records. Y2K! pulls no punches, knocking down the door with “Phat Butt” and is stacked with hits, including the Sean Paul-sampling “Gimmie A Light” and hater-dismissing “Think U The Shit (Fart).” The explosive album also includes features from Travis Scott (“Oh Shhh…”), Gunna (“Bitch I’m Packin'”), and Central Cee on the fast rising “Did It First.”
Y2K! arrived on the heels of her widely acclaimed debut EP Like..? — a 2023 release that landed on best-of-the-year lists from Pitchfork, Rolling Stone, The New York Times, and numerous others, and featured hits like “Munch (Feelin U)” and the platinum-selling “In Ha Mood” and “Princess Diana.”
ICE SPICE: Y2K! UK DATES:
Wed Oct 30, 2024 – Manchester, UK – O2 Victoria Warehouse
Thu Oct 31, 2024 – Glasgow, UK – Barrowland
Sun Nov 03, 2024 – Birmingham, UK – O2 Academy Birmingham
Mon Nov 04, 2024 – London, UK – O2 Academy Brixton
Tickets and further details: IceSpiceMusic.com
Alexis Sakellaris performs at Riverside Studios from May 10th…
Festival2Funky returns for its 12th year…
Sheffield DocFest announces the World Premiere of Kim Hopkins’ Still Pushing Pineapples to open this year’s festival on 18...
The next in the series of ATV Icons to celebrate 70 years of ITV is ‘Mr...
The first in a series of ATV Icons to celebrate 70 years of ITV begins with...
Copyright © ATV Network Limited / ATV Today UK