The Red & Black publishes opinions from a number of contributors and staff columnists. Their opinions do not reflect the opinions of the editorial staff. The editorial staff is in no way involved with the opinion pieces published with the exception of editorials. Editorials are written by the editorial board consisting of the opinion editor, managing editor and editor-in-chief. Editorials are clearly marked EDITORIAL at the beginning. This article is from Contributor Caroline Feagin, a freshman journalism major.
Earlier in March, the House of Representatives overwhelmingly passed a bill that would ban TikTok in the United States if Bytedance, a company based in China, does not sell the app. Lawmakers have expressed their concerns over TikTok and its relationship to the Chinese government. Previously, the White House had banned the app on government devices.
However, this is not the first battle that TikTok has fought and certainly will not be the last. In a statement released earlier in January, Universal Music Publishing Group confirmed to the public that the company would be removing their music from Tiktok. 
UMPG, whose notable clients include Drake, Ariana Grande, Taylor Swift and many more, said that this was due to “three critical issues — appropriate compensation for our artists and songwriters, protecting human artists from the harmful effects of AI, and online safety for TikTok’s users.”
On the same day, TikTok released its own statement, blaming UMPG for walking away from the platform due to greed and their inability “to reach 'artist-first' agreement.”
So, on Feb. 1, many videos on TikTok started to go silent, prompting confusion among users. The music removal has sparked viral social media trends, including ones where people replace the music from these artists with their own voice. 
While popular now, these trends are very likely not to last with time, especially as the music industry moves away from TikTok. TikTok’s status and influence as the most popular and trend-defining app will disappear unless they can quickly adapt to changing times. If TikTok wants to survive, they must continue demonstrating their value to both the music industry and American culture as a whole.
Currently, TikTok’s influence on the music industry cannot be more clear. In a recent study by Luminate, TikTok users were twice as likely to find and share new music than other short-form video platforms. Furthermore, TikTok strongly correlates with more streams on platforms such as Spotify and Apple Music.
Along with that, TikTok completely changed the way marketing is done in the music industry. Songs can be paired with engaging video elements, allowing virtually anyone to write music that can go viral. In fact, many pop music artists today have TikTok to thank for at least some of their popularity, as seen in trends with Olivia Rodrigo’s “drivers license” and Doja Cat’s “Say So.” 
Of course, this is not to say that these songs would not have been popular without TikTok, but the social media phenomenon certainly helped these artists grow their brand and gain exposure.
Now, with the removal of music, artists affiliated with UMPG cannot promote through TikTok and will have to rely on other social media platforms to promote their music. While this may not affect artists with larger fan bases like Olivia Rodrigo or Doja Cat, it will have an effect on smaller artists as less use the app to find new music. 
TikTok should compensate these bigger artists for what they demand in order to facilitate a trickle-down effect in the music industry for smaller artists, who don’t have the financial support of massive companies.
TikTok is fighting an uphill battle when it comes to maintaining its popularity. While the number of monthly active users is still growing, it has fallen significantly since 2022. But, there is one hop left for TikTok: the youth. According to a survey by Pew Research Center, TikTok is the second most popular app among teenagers in the United States, only losing to YouTube while beating out both Snapchat and Instagram. Maintaining that popularity among the younger generations will be key to the app’s survival, which will  only happen if they properly compensate and keep artists on the platform.
Regardless of whether the ban passes the Senate or not, it’s clear that TikTok’s power as an app is dwindling. Right now, it’s vital for them to act in order to maintain their mainstream success or they may fall victim to irrelevance, similarly to its predecessor Musical.ly.
The social media sensation Brittany Broski took the stage, sparking a night of unhinged disc…
New Creation Soda Works’ PECHES Georgia Peach Soda won the grand prize at the 2024 Flavor of…
Anti-abortion speaker Kristan Hawkins visited the University of Georgia as part of her “No Abortion, No Exceptions” tour on Thursday. Hawkins, the founder and president of Students for Life of America, an anti-abortion advocacy group aimed at high school and college students. UGA Students for Life, a chapter of Students for Life of America, hosted the event.
Big City Bread Cafe 
I hear the sadness and rage from every woman who deserves to be safe but is not because of violence committed by men. And instead of addressing harm to women, it becomes an attack against an entire group of people — an attack that is rarely based on personal experience. 
The popular social media platform, TikTok, was removed from app stores on Saturday, Jan. 18, after four years of attempts made by the United S…
Read the digital edition of the newspaper
The Red & Black serves the Athens and University of Georgia communities with reliable, independent news, while training the future of the free press.
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: