The long weekend may be over, but these major markdowns aren’t.
Along with extended Memorial Day sales from fashion retailers like J.Crew and Madewell, there’s still time to shop the Dermstore Summer Sale — offering loads of luxury skincare, haircare and makeup for 20% off with the code SUN.
And what better way to brighten a Monday-like Tuesday than with some fresh beauty buys? Below, we’ve broken down a few celebrity-loved picks to get your shopping started before deals end on May 31, 2024.
Augustinus Bader’s The Rich Cream has a rich history in Hollywood. Hailey Bieber once called it her “everyday” moisturizer on Instagram, while Jennifer Aniston shared a snap of her “Morning Show” makeup table that included the product.
And Kris Jenner loves the original version, The Cream, so much she reportedly calls it “the crack.”
Oprah Winfrey included this exfoliating serum on her 2018 “Favorite Things” list, calling it her “go-to beauty regimen.”
Drew Barrymore’s also a fan, once raving on Instagram, “I see a huge difference in the brightening, the tightening and the ‘youthening’ of my skin.”
Snail mucin skincare’s not just the talk of TikTok — it also has a place in several stars’ routines. Ariana Madix, Kyle Richards and Emily Ratajkowski have all name-dropped this bestselling buy over the years. 
When it comes time to remove makeup, plenty of famous folks reach for Bioderma’s gentle micellar water. 
Both Drew Barrymore and Gwyneth Paltrow have praised it, with the latter once raving on Goop, “It’s unscented, doesn’t dry your skin or sting, and gets rid of all your makeup with a few swipes. You’re left with soft, clean skin.”
Kim Kardashian’s long been an Olaplex devotee; she once said in a makeup masterclass that No. 3 “really works,” per the Cut, years before telling Allure she uses “a lot of Olaplex” when she’s blond.
Famed for her ever-changing hair hues, Billie Eilish has also described herself as a “big Olaplex nut.”
From Brooke Shields to a bevy of Bravo stars, plenty of celebrities have shouted out this lash serum over the years.
Beauty writers and celebrities alike swear by Elemis’ multitasking cleansing balm, which serves as a three-in-one makeup-removing balm, hydrator and cleansing oil.
Halle Berry called this keratin-infused hair treatment her “favorite, favorite hair conditioner” in a recent Instagram video featuring her top beauty picks of 2023.
She’s not alone in her love for the brand; Jennifer Garner, a longtime Virtue ambassador, also once shared a Facebook video of herself applying the same product to “rebuild, repair [and] silken” her strands.
ISDIN’s sunscreen made our roundup of the most celebrity-loved sunscreens on the market, thanks to superstar fans like Lindsay Lohan, Miranda Kerr and Ashley Graham — plus a recommendation from celebrity dermatologist Dr. Dendy Engleman. 
This article was written by Hannah Southwick, Commerce Writer/Reporter for Page Six Style. Hannah spies deals on actually affordable celebrity-worn styles, puts Hollywood’s favorite labels to the test and finds the beauty products that keep stars red carpet-ready. She consults stylists and industry pros — including celebs themselves — for firsthand product recommendations, trend predictions and more. In addition to writing for Page Six since 2020, her work has been featured in USA Today and Parade.