Sep 3, 2024 | Entertainment | 0 comments
 A large crowd enjoys the 2023 summer pops concert at McBride Arboretum. (Submitted photo)
The Firelands Symphony Orchestra (FSO), under the direction of Carl Topilow, presents a free pops concert “Farewell to Summer” on Saturday, Sept. 7 at 7 p.m. at McBride Arboretum on the BGSU Firelands campus. The concert is free and open to the public, thanks to the generosity of Randolph J. & Estelle M. Dorn Foundation, The Lange Trust of Sandusky Library, Wightman-Wieber Charitable Foundation, Shores & Islands Ohio and Ohio Arts Council.
This free concert will feature a full orchestra, under the direction of Carl Topilow, and guest vocalist Tricia Tanguy, who has appeared all over the world and recently performed at the Met Gala with Ariana Grande and Cynthia Erivo.
 The Firelands Symphony Orchestra performs at the 2023 summer pops concert at McBride Arboretum. (Submitted photo)
The concert program was designed by Topilow to appeal to a family audience, offering something for everyone. The program includes a large segment of music from Disney films, including The Little Mermaid, The Hunchback of Notre Dame, Beauty and the Beast, Mary Poppins and more. It will also feature patriotic selections such as Stars and Stripes Forever and Armed Forces Salute, recognizing our local veterans in attendance.
There will also be pieces from classic films, such as Star Wars and Back to the Future. Finally, there will be a variety of orchestral pieces from Leroy Anderson, Aaron Copland, Elmer Bernstein and Gioachino Rossini’s William Tell Overture Finale.
 Tricia Tanguy will be the guest vocalist for the free FSO concert. (Submitted photo)
“We hope that our families will come out to help us close the summer and welcome the fall with music. We are so thrilled that our generous sponsors have made it possible for us to offer these kinds of free events to introduce the orchestra to our community. Whether you are a lifelong supporter of the FSO or this will be your first concert with us, we hope you can join us for a wonderful night of music and fun,” said FSO Executive Director Ron Brooker.
Please bring your own chair or blanket. Attendees are encouraged to enter McBride Arboretum on the BGSU Firelands Rye Beach Road campus entrance and park in Lot H. Outside food and drink (excluding alcoholic beverages) are permitted. Come out and enjoy the sounds of your local Firelands Symphony Orchestra against the beautiful nature of Parker Lake. Free-will donations will be accepted.
Apr 29, 2025 | Featured, Entertainment
BY SHERI TRUSTY OTTAWA COUNTY - Two years ago, local organizations collaborated to create Ottawa County Community Day, a free, family fun event...
Apr 29, 2025 | Entertainment
Have your events listed in our Calendar through Paid Advertising or https://info.thebeacon.net/eandesubmission THURSDAY MAY 1 74th Annual National...
Apr 29, 2025 | Entertainment
PORT CLINTON - Advance ride tickets for the 2025 David W. Leonard Fraternal Order of Eagles #2295 Walleye Festival are now available. Each ride...
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment *
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Submit Comment  
 Lake Erie Marine Forecast
 ODNR Fishing Reports
Mailing Address: P.O. Box 176 Port Clinton, Ohio 43452
© 2025 The Beacon. All Rights Reserved.
Powered by Webify