Advertisement
For premium support please call:
For premium support please call:
Understanding your Venus sign is a game-changer in curating a wardrobe that feels authentic to you
Getty (3)
In astrology, Venus isn’t solely about love and romance — the love planet is also the cosmic curator of your personal style and aesthetic.
By exploring your Venus sign, you can uncover the unique traits that make you charming, captivating and irresistible to those around you. So, why not embrace these qualities and dress the part?
Understanding what to wear based on your Venus sign can be a game-changer in curating a wardrobe that feels authentic to you. Venus influences our fashion choices by shaping our preferences for specific colors, fabrics and styles.
If you were born with Venus in a Fire sign, you are likely drawn to vibrant, fiery colors that make a bold and unapologetic statement. Take Lady Gaga or Rihanna, for example — both share Venus in Aries, a fearless approach to fashion and a pioneering spirit in their self-expression.
Considering everything from your Venus sign’s element to its planetary ruler is essential, as these celestial influences are crucial in shaping your overall aesthetic.
Read on to discover more about dressing like your Venus sign and see which celebrities share your Venusian aesthetic.
Related: What Are Earth Signs? Everything to Know About Taurus, Virgo, and Capricorn
Also known as the goddess of love and beauty, Venus is widely recognized as the planet associated with affection, beauty, charm, relationships and the pursuit of pleasure. When you were born, each planet (including Venus) occupied a specific zodiac sign and astrological house, which shaped your personality, love language and unique charms.
To calculate your Venus sign, you’ll need an exact time, date and location of birth. You can do this on sites like astro.com.
Venus dressing is a TikTok trend where people look to the stars for inspiration, mainly focusing on their Venus placement in astrology.This trend encourages you to combine your personal style with your Venus-sign aesthetic as it can in turn boost your self-confidence and enhance your beauty, charm and magnetism.
Energy flows where intention goes. If you're hoping to channel your inner goddess (and the planet Venus), it's important to be as intentional as possible with your beauty rituals and clothing options.
Jun Sato/WireImage
Trendsetter alert! If anyone’s doing it first before anyone else, it’s Venus in Aries. You're all about making a statement, so anything subtle is simply out of the question. Think bold colors, edgy cuts and leather from head to toe that screams "Baddie from Mars."High-impact colors like deep scarlet reds that resemble the planet Mars have your name on them. Whether it's a pair of daring stilettos or a striking accessory, your aesthetic is dynamic and fearless. Your innate ability to unapologetically take the lead inspires others to do the same.Celebrities with Venus in Aries include Millie Bobby Brown, Madison Beer, Lady Gaga, Rihanna, Audrey Hepburn, Marilyn Monroe and Elizabeth Taylor, among others.
Rodin Eckenroth/Getty
If your Venus is in Taurus, you have a taste for the finer things in life. Venus rules Taurus, making the love planet all the more comfortable and irresistible in its blooming self-expression. You believe in quality over quantity, so your ideal wardrobe should include timeless pieces that feel as soft and luscious as they appear from afar.
You're likely drawn to classic pieces that never go out of style. Think beautifully tailored dresses, cashmere sweaters, and high-quality fabrics like silk, velvet and suede. The more indulgent and titillating to your five senses, the better.
Celebrities with Venus in Taurus include Ariana Grande, Iggy Azalea, Lana Del Rey, Liv Tyler, Jessica Alba and Princess Diana, among others.
Alexander Tamargo/Getty
A fashionable chameleon, Venus in Gemini loves variety. You are often drawn to a wide spectrum of bright colors, from playful pinks to neon hues and contrasting patterns. Flirty and breezy, think lightweight fabrics like chiffon, linen and cotton that allow you to move with ease.
Statement accessories are your main thrill in life. Anything that adds a pop of personality to your outfit — whether it's a quirky hat, unique jewelry pieces or the vivacious manicure you're rocking — you catch the world off guard with your unexpected combinations and mix-and-match combos.
Celebrities with Venus in Gemini include Megan Fox, Margot Robbie, Adele, Cher, Jennifer Lopez, Uma Thurman and Sandra Bullock, among others.
Todd Owyoung/NBC via Getty
If your Venus is in Cancer, fashion has everything to do with the way you're feeling. The moon rules Cancer, and the same way it waxes and wanes, your aesthetic is evocative and ever-changing. You gravitate towards pieces that are cozy, comfortable and hold special meaning.
You stand out when wearing feminine, vintage-inspired pieces that are timeless and sentimental; incorporating delicate brooches or heirloom jewelry adds a personal touch to your outfit. Think gentle pastels like blush pinks and baby blues, along with silver touches like the moon.
Celebrities with Venus in Cancer include Sabrina Carpenter, Angelina Jolie, Cameron Diaz, Natalie Portman, Zendaya and Khloe Kardashian, among others.
Hippolyte Petit/Getty
When it comes to fashion and style, Venus in Leo is the star of the show. You sparkle like the sun, so the more dramatic and extravagant, the more you're likely to thrive. Your color choices are bold and regal, including vibrant golds and fiery oranges. You may also gravitate towards luxurious fabrics like satin, velvet and sequins that catch the light.
Think glamorous but unapologetically attention-grabbing, like long gowns, tailored blazers with exaggerated shoulders and statement accessories such as oversized glasses or expensive jewelry. Your aesthetic is all about showcasing your inner royalty, ensuring you're the center of attention wherever you go.
Celebrities with Venus in Leo include Lindsay Lohan, Selena Gomez, Salma Hayek, Gwyneth Paltrow, Nicole Kidman and Monica Belucci, among others.
Kylie Jenner/Instagram
For Venus in Virgo, the beauty is in the details. Your style is all about subtle elegance and flawless execution. You appreciate simplicity and precision, often curating a wardrobe with clean lines and neutral color tones. Think of well-tailored practical pieces that are both elegant and functional.
You typically avoid anything too flashy and opt for chic details that highlight craftsmanship, such as fine stitching or a silhouetted fit. Your accessories are minimal and practical, often featuring classic pieces like a leather handbag or a watch.
Celebrities with Venus in Virgo include Kylie Jenner, Kim Kardashian, Blake Lively, Demi Lovato, Julia Roberts and Catherine Zeta-Jones, among others.
Pascal Le Segretain/Getty
If your Venus is in Libra, balance is everything. Your ideal wardrobe is a beautiful blend of romantic, stylish and lightweight pieces that always look effortlessly put together. Your color palette is soft and elegant, featuring feminine pastels like lavender, blush pink and shades of teal and soft ivory.
Your accessories are carefully chosen to compliment your outfits—think eclectic jewelry, elegant scarves and color-coordinated handbags. To say your romantic style is aesthetically pleasing would be an understatement.
Celebrities with Venus in Libra include Hailey Bieber, Emma Stone, Beyoncé, Florence Welch, Jada Pinkett, Lisa Bonet and Grace Kelly, among others.
Theo Wargo/Getty
Venus in Scorpio exudes mystery and intensity with a wardrobe that reflects your deeply passionate nature. Your ideal color palette is dark and decadent, like the color of midnight. Your aesthetic is as sophisticated as it is seductive, but you prefer clothing that makes a subtle statement without being overt. It's giving Queen of the Underworld vibes!
Dramatic, form-fitting styles that emphasize your silhouette evoke your inner femme fatale. You dress with the intention of making a powerful, unforgettable impression, not to mention leaving others haunted by your sheer presence. Incorporate bold and sleek accessories, like a statement choker or a leather belt to add a touch of intrigue.
Celebrities with Venus in Scorpio include Jenna Ortega, Addison Rae, Anne Hathaway, Avril Lavigne, Cardi B, Winona Ryder and Demi Moore, among others.
Pierre Suu/Getty
If your Venus is in Sagittarius, fashion is always an adventure. Whether exploring a new city or dancing under the stars, your wardrobe tells a story with colorful ethnic prints, handmade accessories and exotic textures, epitomizing the definition of a free spirit.
Think relaxed flowing silhouettes that offer the comfort and freedom you seek—maxi dresses, wide-legged jeans, and trench coats. Versatile and larger than life, your aesthetic embodies your love for culture, travel and experience.
Celebrities with Venus in Sagittarius include Willow Smith, Billie Eilish, Christina Aguilera, Katy Perry, Kendall Jenner, Nicki Minaj and Alyssa Milano, among others.
Amy Sussman/WireImage
When you get dressed up, you mean business. Venus in Capricorn is a classic power dresser, as you very consciously choose items that exude authority and sophistication. Everything from high-quality fabrics (like wool and tweed) to tailored suits and leather goods are staples in your Saturn wardrobe.
Think impeccably fitted blazers, classic trench coats, and tailored trousers that are sleek and timeless. Your aesthetic is refined and minimalistic, often opting for Earthy muted tones like deep browns and blacks. You aim to be the boss, whether calling the shots in a boardroom or having cocktails with your best friend.
Celebrities with Venus in Capricorn include Olivia Rodrigo, Miley Cyrus, Scarlett Johansson, Britney Spears, Björk, Megan Thee Stallion and Cindy Crawford, among others.
Monica Schipper/GA/The Hollywood Reporter via Getty Images
If your Venus is in Aquarius, your style is anything but conventional. You look for ways to push boundaries with futuristic pieces and unexpected trends. Your ideal color palette is bold and eccentric, featuring electric blues, neon greens and all kinds of metallics.
You're drawn to futuristic, avant-garde designs that challenge traditional norms — think asymmetrical cuts, innovative fabrics and eclectic accessories that make you stand out. Experiment with high-fashion pieces combined with streetwear or vintage with modern. You inspire others with your unpredictability and rebellion.
Celebrities with Venus in Aquarius include Taylor Swift, Paris Hilton, Eva Mendes, Jessica Biel, Kate Moss, Oprah, Sharon Stone and Sharon Tate, among others.
Taylor Hill/Getty
If it doesn't make you feel like you're in a fairytale, it's a pass for Venus in Pisces. Your style evokes a sense of magic and enchantment, as you are innately drawn to outfits that make you feel like you've stepped out of a storybook—think sea foam greens and delicate pastels like lavender and blushing pinks or shimmering shades of pearlescent white.
Whether it's a flowing dress with intricate embroidery or a lace top that captures your feminine mystique, getting dressed is an opportunity to express the beauty behind your fantasies and imagination. Accessories are just as essential, whether a mermaid-like eye shadow or a flower crown.
Celebrities with Venus in Pisces include Lily Collins, Drew Barrymore, Emma Watson, Kourtney Kardashian, Kristen Stewart, Victoria Beckham and Zooey Deschanel, among others.
For more People news, make sure to sign up for our newsletter!
Read the original article on People.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement