By 

	K.J. Yossman


David Harewood is succeeding Kenneth Branagh as president of the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art, the school has confirmed. Cynthia Erivo has been appointed vice president.

	Branagh steps down from the prestigious British drama school, better known as RADA, after nine years in the role. Harewood and Erivo are assuming their positions immediately.

	RADA’s honorary president and vice president are there to support the school, faculty, students and alumni by contributing, advocating and raising awareness.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					How the ‘Sinners’ Financing Model Offers Salvation for All Producers 		
			














	
		
					'House of the Dragon' Season 3 Casts Barry Sloane, Tom Cullen, Joplin Sibtain		
			








	Harewood is an actor, director and documentary maker known for his roles in “Blood Diamond” and “Supergirl.” Erivo is an actor and singer who has appeared in “Harriet” and will next be seen in the big screen adaptation of “Wicked” opposite Ariana Grande.




			Popular on Variety		






	Both Harewood and Erivo are also RADA alumni.

	“I am extremely delighted to be stepping into the role of president of RADA alongside the wonderful Cynthia Erivo,” said Harewood. “As a former student at RADA and somebody who has enjoyed both the highs and experienced the lows of this industry, I feel I am ideally placed to help these young people navigate the sometimes difficult path from students to professionals, by bringing all the knowledge and experience I’ve learnt over a 30 year career. I very much look forward to beginning this new journey and playing a small role influencing so many young and talented individuals.”

	Erivo added: “I am thrilled to be joining David and the whole team at RADA as the Academy’s Vice President. Having trained at the academy, I am acutely aware of how important a strong support system is; when it comes to education in the arts, it is by no means easy. I have been lucky enough to spend some time with the students at RADA, teaching and the lessons have been enlightening, heartwarming and heartbreaking, all at once. I’m excited to be able to spend more time with them, helping them along their path, to their careers in the outside world. My hope is that I can play a valuable role in strengthening the new talent of tomorrow.”

	Branagh said: “It has been a privilege to serve RADA, and it is a thrill to welcome the brilliant David Harewood and Cynthia Erivo to their new roles at the academy. My congratulations and gratitude for the partnership of these exceptional talents helping to shape RADA’s exciting future, and my profound thanks to the academy’s remarkable staff and students from whom I have learned so much.”
The Business of Entertainment