Martyn’s Law has progressed in the House of Commons as MPs voted to approve the Terrorism (Protection of Premises) Bill at its second reading and it will now face further scrutiny.


  The public safety law was named after Martyn Hett, 29, who died in the 2017 Manchester Arena bombing and has been campaigned for by his mother, Figen Murray.


  Martyn’s Law should balance “protection of life (with) protection of our way of life”, Home Secretary Yvette Cooper has pledged.


  Ms Cooper described Ms Murray as a “true inspiration” in the chamber on Monday (October 14), and Conservative shadow home secretary James Cleverly paid tribute to her “tireless campaigning”.


    'Martyn's Law will make it a law that venues need to keep you safe'
    Figen Murray, the mother of Manchester Arena victim Martyn Hett, spoke to #BBCBreakfast as MPs debate 'Martyn's Law' - that would ensure venues have a plan in place in case of an attack on their premises… pic.twitter.com/XzJarEoaRP


  Qualifying venues with a capacity of 800 or more would have to consider risk monitoring, security measures for individuals such as searches and screening, and physical safety measures such as safety glass, if it is passed.


  Venues with an ordinary capacity of between 200 and 800 would be required to notify the authorities about its public protection procedures, including evacuations, invacuations to protect attendees from threats outside, lockdowns, and communication.


  Ms Cooper said: “I’m sure the whole House will agree when I say to Figen: ‘You are a true inspiration.’


  “Officially, we are debating the Terrorism (Protection of Premises) Bill, but in essence and in spirit, this is Martyn’s Law.”


  The Home Secretary had earlier told MPs: “Seven-and-a-half years ago, on the evening of May 22 2017, thousands of people went to Manchester Arena for a music concert.


  "Many of those in attendance were children and teenagers there to see Ariana Grande, to see their favourite pop star and to dance and sing along to her songs, to soak up the atmosphere with friends, family.


Recommended reading:


  “But as the event drew to a close and people started to leave, terror struck. Scenes of happiness gave way to shock and to trauma, and an enjoyable spring evening was transformed into a nightmare.


  "More than 1,000 people were injured, 22 of them never came home, and nine of those were teenagers.”


  Ms Cooper added the Bill considers “how to ensure proper measures are taken to keep us safe, and how to make sure people can get on with their lives; that we make it possible for people to keep enjoying all the things they do – protection of life, protection of our way of life”.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                

                            Last Updated: 

Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.