The record is due out on July 19 and features collabs with Sofia Carson and Loco.

													By
												

	Gil Kaufman


	On Thursday (June 20) BTS‘ Jimin revealed the full track list for his upcoming second solo album, MUSE. The seven-song LP due out on July 19 will feature the intro song “Rebirth,” as well as “Interlude : Showtime,” the pre-release song “Smeraldo Garden Marching Band” (featuring Loco), “Slow Dance” (featuring Sofia Carson), as well as “Be Mine,” “Who” and “Closer Than This” (which dropped in December.)





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Mase Wants Fans to Vote If He Should Attend Diddy's Trial		
	



	05/02/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					BTS		
					






















	
		
					Jimin		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	Jimin, 28, helped write six of the song according to a release, which also noted that the announcement from BIGHIT Music featured a vintage feel via images of old-school cassette tapes representing each song, with an overarching theme of “love” connecting all the tracks.

	










	The hip-hop/R&B-leaning focus song, “Who,” was produced by Grammy-nominated singer/producer Jon Bellion, along with Pete Nappi, Tenroc, Pdgogg and GHSTLOOP, with a vibe described as “intense bounce and guitar sound.” In addition, the pre-release song “Smeraldo Garden Marching Band” draws inspiration from marching bands, “blending hip-hop elements with the big band sound characterized by a large-scale orchestra, creating an upbeat, lively rhythm and dynamic atmosphere thanks to an assist from South Korean rapper Loco.”

	Other contributors to the album include Tommy Brown (Ariana Grande, Justin Bieber), as well as producers Pdogg, GHSTLOOP and EVAN, who also worked on Jimin’s first solo album, 2023’s FACE, which peaked at No. 2 on the Billboard 200 chart. Jimin’s official solo debut came with the 2018 single “Promise.” Five years later, he became the first South Korean soloist to reach No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 with “Like Crazy,” followed by FACE‘s “Set Me Free, Pt. 2” reaching No. 30 on the chart.

	Jimin is still in the midst of his 18-month mandatory South Korean military service, which he began in December; bandmate Jin recently became the first member of BTS to finish his service.

	Check out the announcement below.
#지민 #Jimin 'MUSE' Tracklist#Jimin_MUSE #Jimin_Who#SmeraldoGardenMarchingBand #SGMB pic.twitter.com/s7n7pZ42cB
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.