Charlotte Colombo
To promote her new movie Wicked, Ariana Grande appeared on Saturday Night Live on Oct. 11. An her appearance quickly became iconic. 
One skit that has gone especially viral is a wedding-themed one where Grande plays a bridesmaid singing a remarkably out-of-tune rendition of Sabrina Carpenter’s “Espresso.”
And it is in the skit that we’re introduced to the eponymous Domigo, who has become the basis of a viral sound.
To the beat of the instantly recognizable “Espresso,” and in a thick accent, Domingo sings the following lyrics: “Hey Matt, came all this way / Had to explain, direct from Domingo.”
This portion of the song has become interchangeable with the idea of why you specifically have to explain something. In these POV clips, you’re Domingo, and the scenarios range from office gossip, to awkward email exchanges, to sibling rivalries.
best weekend ever
As mentioned, this sound comes from a recent SNL skit. The skit, which takes place at a wedding, features bridesmaids singing their bridal speech. But the song soon goes off the rails as, through song, the bridesmaids reveal that the bride hooked up with a man called Domingo at her bachelorette party. 
As the song continues, the groom gets more and more irate—so Domigo shows up and decides to tell his side of the story, hence the lyrics about this news coming “direct from Domingo.”
As a whole, the skit has been used as a TikTok sound 20,000 times. 
The song as a whole has also gone hugely viral. The full sketch, which has been posted to the official SNL account, has amassed a humungous 97.3 million views: a record-breaking number that ousted Pete Davison and Timothee Chalamet’s “Rap Roundtable”’” sketch as the account’s top video.
Consequently, countless TikTokers have complained that they haven’t been able to stop listening to the earworm. 
“Never in my life has an SNL skit entered my brain, conscious, body, and soul like Domingo has,” one TikToker remarked. “Every second, my brain is focused and fixated on the infliction of ‘celebration,’ ‘line,’ ‘Marriott,’ and every. Single. ‘Domingo.’”
Since then, the iconic sound has disappeared from the TikTok airwaves, and we’re all praying for its safe return.
Now you can watch our That One Sound from TikTok column on YouTube! Subscribe to our channel and keep an eye out for new episodes every Wednesday:
Internet culture is chaotic—but we’ll break it down for you in one daily email. Sign up for the Daily Dot’s web_crawlr newsletter here. You’ll get the best (and worst) of the internet straight into your inbox.
Meme History: Tariff memes
Meme History: The 5 best Minecraft memes
Meme History: Dat Boi
Paul Walter Hauser has one peculiar IMDb credit he wishes he could erase
Share this article
TAGS 
Charlotte is a regular Daily Dot contributor with bylines in Insider, VICE, Glamour, The Independent, and more. She holds a Masters’s degree in Magazine Journalism from City, University of London.