By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

	All products and services featured are independently chosen by editors. However, StyleCaster may receive a commission on orders placed through its retail links, and the retailer may receive certain auditable data for accounting purposes.
Music lovers, get ready, because the MTV Video Music Awards are just around the corner. If you’re scratching your head wondering how to watch the VMAs 2024 live for free, we’ve got you covered with some insider tips to catch all the action tonight.
But first, let’s rewind for a moment. Back in 1984, MTV launched what would become a cultural phenomenon: the VMAs. Four decades later, and this awards show’s still got us talking, tweeting, and occasionally dropping our jaws. Unlike its more buttoned-up cousin the Grammys, where industry insiders make the calls, the MTV Video Music Awards put the power in fans’ hands. Ultimately, it’s the public that gets to vote and decide on who takes home those iconic Moon Person trophies (which were renamed from Moon Man in 2017 to be even more inclusive).

 








Related Stories This Firming Butt & Thigh Cream Makes Skin ‘Feel Tighter’ With Dedicated Use The Only ‘Ready-to-Wear’ Wig Brand Worth Your Time & Money 
The VMAs have a reputation for creating memorable moments that dominate conversations for years to come. Remember when Kanye crashed Taylor’s acceptance speech? Or that time Nicki put Miley on blast? This night has a knack for making history, and 2024’s looking to be no exception. While we can’t predict what’ll go down this year, history suggests we’re in for some surprises.
Whether you’re tuning in for the performances and the potential drama, or simply to see if your favorite artists win, the VMAs are a music event you won’t want to miss. Stick around as we break down how you can stream the VMAs 2024 without breaking the bank. Your wallet (and your FOMO) will thank you later.
The 2024 MTV Video Music Awards are set to light up your screens on September 11, 2024. They were rescheduled from the previous evening to avoid clashing with the presidential debate that took place on September 10, 2024. The music extravaganza kicks off at 8 p.m. ET on MTV. 
No cable? No problem. Read on ahead to find out how to watch the 2024 VMAs on MTV for free.
The 2024 MTV Video Music Awards will air on MTV, which is available to stream live on services like DirecTV Stream, Fubo, and Philo. DirecTV Stream offers a five-day free trial and starts at $79.99 per month after the trial ends. Philo offers a seven-day free trial and costs $25 per month after the free trial ends. Fubo offers a seven-day free trial and starts at $79.99 per month after the trial ends. All plans include MTV.

 









Direct TV is our best overall pick to watch the 2024 VMAs for free for its free trial, price, and channel selection. DirecTV Stream offers a five-day free trial. DirecTV offers four plans: Entertainment, which costs $79.99 per month; Choice, which costs $108.99 per month with the first two months at $88.99 per month; Ultimate, which costs $119.99 per month with the first two months at $99.99 per month; and Premiere, which costs $159.99 per month. Along with MTV, all plans also include MTV2. MTV Classic is also included in Ultimate and Premiere to watch the 2024 VMAs.
As for other differences between the plans, Entertainment includes more than 75 channels, the ability to stream on unlimited devices in your home, unlimited cloud DVR storage, and a special offer on premium channels. Choice, which is the most popular plan, includes more than 105 channels, regional sports networks, and everything included in Entertainment. Ultimate includes more than 140 channels and everything included in Entertainment and Choice. Premiere includes more than 150 channels including premium channels like HBO and Starz and everything included in Entertainment, Choice, and Premiere. Read on for step-by-step instructions on how to watch the 2024 VMAs with DirecTV Stream’s free trial. 
Philo is our best free trial pick to watch the 2024 VMAs for its price and free trial length. Philo offers a seven-day free trial and costs $25 per month after the trial ends. Along with MTV, Philo also offers similar channels like MTV Classic, MTV Live, MTV2, VH1, and Logo. As for what else it includes, Philo offers more than 70 channels, as well as an unlimited DVR service. Read on for step-by-step instructions on how to watch the 2024 VMAs with Philo’s free trial. 

 









Fubo is our best free trial pick to watch the 2024 VMAs for free based on what it offers. Fubo offers a seven-day free trial (two days longer than DirecTV Stream) and offers two plans: Pro, which costs $79.99 per month; and Elite, which costs $89.99 per month. Along with MTV, all three plans also VH1.
As for the difference between the plans, Pro includes 180 channels, 1,000 hours of Cloud DVR, and the ability to watch on up to 10 screens at once. Elite includes everything in Pro, as well as a total of 256 channels and 4K resolution. Read on for step-by-step instructions on how to watch the 2024 VMAs with Fubo’s free trial. 
This year, the VMAs are changing things up and heading to Long Island. The star-studded event will be held at the UBS Arena in Belmont Park, New York. This state-of-the-art venue, which opened its doors in 2021, is set to host the VMAs for the first time. Known for its cutting-edge technology and impressive acoustics, the UBS Arena provides an exciting new backdrop for music’s biggest night. 
While the red carpet arrivals and pre-show events will kick off earlier in the evening, the main ceremony inside the UBS Arena promises to deliver all the spectacle, surprises, and unforgettable moments that the VMAs are famous for.

 









The VMAs are known for their show-stopping performances, and this year’s lineup is no exception. Megan Thee Stallion is breaking new ground as the show’s host, while also vying for five awards herself.
Eminem, fresh off his latest album drop and leading the pack with eight nominations, is set to open the show. It’s his first opening act since 2010’s “Love the Way You Lie” with Rihanna. The star-studded roster tonight also includes Anitta, Shawn Mendes, Karol G, Benson Boone, Lenny Kravitz, Lisa, Rauw Alejandro, Camila Cabello, and GloRilla. Other performers include Sabrina Carpenter, Chappell Roan, Halsey, and Swims.
Taylor Swift could be on the verge of shattering her own VMAs record. Her collaboration with Post Malone on “Fortnight” has her in contention for Video of the Year, Artist of the Year, and Best Collaboration. But she’s got some fierce competition. See the full list of nominees up ahead.
Video of the Year
 









Artist of the Year
Song of the Year
Best New Artist
 









MTV Push Performance of the Year
Best Collaboration
Best Pop
Best Hip-Hop
Best R&B
Best Alternative
Best Rock
Best Latin
Best Afrobeats
Best K-Pop
Video for Good
 









Best Direction
Best Cinematography
Best Editing
Best Choreography
Best Visual Effects
Best Art Direction
By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.