By CAROLINA PIRAS FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  21:21, 30 November 2024   |  Updated:  21:29, 30 November 2024   
 24
View  comments
Strictly Come Dancing viewers were left fuming as they accused bosses of 'setting up Montell Douglas to fail' with the 'wrong dance and song' choice - after she already ended up in the dance-off for two weeks in a row.
The Gladiators star, 38, performed a gruelling Rumba to I'm Here from The Colour Purple alongside her pro partner Johannes Radebe on Saturday's episode.
While fans seemed in absolute awe of the star's routine, they were convinced the song was very 'slow' compared to the zesty dance - a point noted by several of the judges, who gave her a score of 32 points out of 40.
Viewers quickly took to X sharing their opinions, praising the athlete's 'beautiful' dance but also sharing fears she will be next go get the chop, writing:
'montell in the death slot with her rumba… when i catch you producers #Strictly';
'THIS PERFORMANCE SHOWS HOW MUCHn MONTELL WANTS THIS SO BAD. I REALLY FELT EVERY MOVEMENT WITH SUCH BEAUTIFUL QUALITY. I REALLY ENJOY THIS RUMBA SO MUCH.  MONTELL YOU GOT A 9 FROM ME !!!!';
Strictly Come Dancing viewers were left fuming as they accused bosses of 'setting up Montell Douglas, 38, to fail' with the 'wrong dance and song' choice
The Gladiator star performed a Rumba to I'm Here from The Colour Purple alongside her pro partner Johannes Radebe during Saturday's episode
'Well montell i'll miss you. this show didnt deserve you #strictly';
'It pisses me off that Montell keeps getting overlooked by the public, and you can’t keep using the excuse that “no body knows her” when the whole point of the show is getting to know the celebs throughout the season';
'#strictly montell will go and the abysmal pete will stay I actually feel sick';
'If you didn’t feel every ounce of Montell and Johannes's Rumba, you must be cold as an iceberg, because that dance was HOTTER than a summer day in the Sahara! #Strictly';
'Voted for montell she was stitched up this week #strictly';
'They’ve only gone and put montell in the death slot with a rumba… #strictly';
'The producers sticking Montell in the death slot with a Rumba so they can drag their precious Chris and Pete through to the final… I feel ill #Strictly'. 
Strictly returned to screens with its hotly-anticipated Musicals Week delighting viewers to a West End-themed night that will test contestants' theatre skills.
While fans seemed in absolute awe of the star's routine, they were convinced the song was very 'slow' compared to the zesty dance - bringing down Montell's qualities
Viewers quickly took to X sharing their opinions, praising the athlete's 'beautiful' dance but also sharing fears she will be next go get the chop
1. JB Gill and Lauren Oakley - 39
2. Sarah Hadland and Vito Coppola - 38
3. Tasha Ghorui and Aljaz Skorjanec - 38
4. Montell Douglas and Johannes Radebe - 32
5. Chris McCausland and Dianne Buswell - 32
6. Pete Wicks and Jowita Przystał - 26
On Saturday evening, professional dancers opened up the instalment with an incredible dance routine to Little Shop Of Horrors.
As six couples remained in the gruelling dance competition, fans can't wait to find out who will be lifting the glitterball trophy.
The celebrities and their professional dance partners performed routines inspired by theatre classics such as Six, West Side Story and Wicked. 
Sarah Hadland and Vito Coppola sent fans into frenzy paying a homage to the beloved musical Wicked, dancing a Charleston routine to Popular.
Meanwhile Tasha Ghouri and Aljaz Škorjanec embodied SIX with a sultry Argentine Tango to Ex-Wives.
Lighting up the dance floor as usual were Chris McCausland and his Aussie pro Dianne Buswell with a Quickstep to You're The Top from Anything Goes.
Elsewhere JB Gill and pro Lauren Oakley took to a Viennese Waltz to Let's Go Fly A Kite from the iconic Mary Poppins.
Showing off their skills, Pete Wicks and Jowita Przystał performed a Waltz to Somewhere from West Side Story.
Viewers of the hit BBC show have previously expressed concerns Montell and Johannes might be the next couple to get the chop.
The pair have been in the dance-offs more than any of the other couples in the competition. 
For the past two weeks, the pair have been in the bottom two, surviving by the skin of their teeth after potential elimination against Wynne Evans and Katya Jones, and Jamie Borthwick and Michelle Tsiakkas.
Week seven also saw them in the bottom two but they were mercifully saved over Sam Quek and Nikita Kuzmin.
Reacting to their upcoming Rumba routine one fan on Reddit said: 'I fear Montell has received the kiss of death.'
'Worried for Montell with a rumba this late in the series and her being in the bottom 2 so many times,' another wrote.
'Montell supporters need to unite around her now,' someone else added.
One viewer said their 'heart dropped' when they heard Montell would be dancing the Rumba, adding that their dream of seeing her dance the Charleston 'is slipping away'.
Viewers of the hit BBC show have previously expressed concerns Montell and Johannes might be the next couple to get the chop 
For the past two weeks, the pair have been in the bottom two, surviving by the skin of their teeth after potential elimination against Wynne Evans and Katya Jones, and Jamie Borthwick and Michelle Tsiakkas
Some tried to rally Montell fans to vote for her 'like crazy', while others called the Rumba assignment a 'death sentence'.
Opinionated fans also didn't seem to be too thrilled about Sarah and Vito's performance to Wicked - claiming it gives them 'unfair advantage'. 
Fans of the film production have been flocking to cinemas to watch the new film starring Ariana Grande and Cynthia Erivo, but not all Strictly fans were happy about the nod to the famous musical.
Viewers believe that the Miranda star, 53, has an 'unfair advantage' because their song is more relevant than others.
Writing in an online forum, viewers complained that the show was fixing the results by allowing Sarah and her partner Vito to dance to the well-known song., according to The Sun.
One person wrote: 'Seems particularly unfair that one person gets a dance everyone loves to a song that is extremely in the public eye at the moment, while someone else gets a dance the public can never be bothered with to a musical that is pretty unknown.'
While another added: 'Top of the leader board will likely be Sarah.'
Others said: 'Sarah and Vito get a Charleston and a tie in to Wicked - blimey! Popular indeed.'
Another viewers said their favourite dancer is being purposefully pushed out of the competition.
They commented: 'The BBC are so obvious with who they want out. I mean, this is practically a 'tell me you want Montell out without actually telling me' situation.
And other chimed in, writing: 'It's ludicrous to give a rumba on Musicals week to a contestant who's been in the bottom three times?
Opinionated fans also didn't seem to be too thrilled about Sarah and Vito's performance to Wicked's Popular - claiming it gives them 'unfair advantage' as the song is 'more relevant
'I see you Strictly producers, I see you. Montell deserves better! I would've loved to have seen a Charleston from team Jojo this week!
'They stitched up Shayne and now they're stitching up Montell.
'The difference though is that Montell is too good to leave this early. She should be a finalist! I'm fuming!'
Meanwhile, Sunday's episode will see an incredible live performance from the West End cast of Hamilton.
Strictly Come Dancing airs on BBC One and is available to stream on iPlayer. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group