Use these Brookhaven codes in Roblox to listen to a selection of tracks and memes as you roleplay

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Roblox Brookhaven codes can be entered to play various music tracks within this experience, adding a soundtrack to your actions as you roleplay around town. In addition to the popular hits you can crank out, you'll also find codes listed here that trigger meme songs and sound effects, which you can launch at just the right time in Roblox to troll your friends or react to what they're doing. By now you should be familiar with the general Roblox promo codes that can be redeemed for cosmetic items to add to your avatar's appearance over the entire game, however the codes listed here need to be entered in specific locations within the experience so they can work. To get you up and running, here's everything you need to know about Brookhaven codes in Roblox.
At the time of writing, the following Roblox Brookhaven codes have all been checked and confirmed to be working in the game to access music tracks and other meme sounds:
Note that due to system updates and potential copyright claims, some of these tracks may become unavailable over time, so if the code you're entering isn't working then move on and try another.
Roblox Anime Defenders codesRoblox Blox Fruits codesRoblox Dress to Impress codesRoblox Murder Mystery 2 codesRoblox Sol's RNG codes
If you want to use Roblox Brookhaven codes for music tracks, then you have to make a small investment first. Once you're in the experience, select the shopping cart icon on the left of the screen and then choose the Music speaker icon highlighted above. To access this feature you need to pay 199 Robux for Music Unlocked, so make sure you have some virtual currency available. With the feature purchased, you can then follow the same route through the menu to open a code entry box, where you can type in one of the numbers above to hear your chosen track.
You can also use Roblox Brookhaven codes when you're driving or riding certain vehicles, by selecting the speaker icon on the control bar and following the process above for entering the number of the track you want to listen to.
There are two main reasons for Roblox Brookhaven codes to stop working – either the person who originally uploaded the music or sound effect decided to delete it, or the copyright owners of a music track issued a takedown notice to have their property removed from Roblox. Whatever the situation, these expired Brookhaven codes can no longer be used:
© GamesRadar+. Not to be reproduced without permission.
Weekly digests, tales from the communities you love, and more
Iain originally joined Future in 2012 to write guides for CVG, PSM3, and Xbox World, before moving on to join GamesRadar in 2013 as Guides Editor. His words have also appeared in OPM, OXM, PC Gamer, GamesMaster, and SFX. He is better known to many as ‘Mr Trophy’, due to his slightly unhealthy obsession with amassing intangible PlayStation silverware, and he now has over 750 Platinum pots weighing down the shelves of his virtual award cabinet. He does not care for Xbox Achievements.

GamesRadar+ is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury,
Bath
BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.