The music mogul said he is retiring after one of his biggest clients told him last summer "they wanted to spread their wings and go in a new direction". It was reported last year a number of high-profile clients had decided to dump him, including Bieber.
By Claire Gilbody Dickerson, news reporter 
Monday 17 June 2024 20:03, UK
Music mogul Scooter Braun is stepping back from being a manager after 23 years, saying he wants to focus on other "superstars" - his children.
In a lengthy statement on Instagram, Braun - who is known for managing some of the biggest stars of the 21st century - said he had been considering resigning for a few years but it wasn't until last summer that it started to sink in as a reality.
The 42-year-old said he decided to step aside after "one of my biggest clients and friends told me that they wanted to spread their wings and go in a new direction".
He didn't specify who the client was.
It was reported last year that a number of Braun's high-profile clients, including Justin Bieber and Ariana Grande, had parted ways with him.
Braun said: "23 years. That's how long I have been a music manager.
"23 years ago a 19-year-old kid started managing an artist named Cato in Atlanta, GA and my journey began.
"Along the way I have had so many experiences I could never have dreamt of."
He went on: "But as my children got older, and my personal life took some hits, I came to the realisation that my kids were three superstars I wasn't willing to lose."
Read more:Who is Scooter Braun?
Keep up with all the latest news from the UK and around the world by following Sky News
Braun's business moves have seen him amass a multi-million dollar fortune and he's represented several big names including Grande, Demi Lovato and The Kid Laroi.
His management came under scrutiny in 2019 when he became embroiled in a feud with Taylor Swift after acquiring the recordings of her first six albums through the purchase of her former label.
Be the first to get Breaking News
Install the Sky News app for free
Though the masters have since changed hands again after a deal with investment firm Shamrock Capital, Swift has continued with a bid to regain ownership of the music by creating new versions of the songs - dubbed "Taylor's Versions".
As well as parenting, Braun said he would now focus on his roles as a board member of Hybe, and CEO of Hybe America, the South Korean entertainment company.