Fans of Strictly Come Dancing were left 'crying' as they spotted a famous face in the audience after weeks of patiently waiting for her appearance.
It was Musicals Week in the ballroom on Saturday night (November 30), but more importantly for the six remaining couples in the BBC One dance contest, it was also the quarter-final with the grand finale now just a mere few weeks away.
Before Tess Daly and Claudia Winkleman officially kicked off the latest live show, the show's gang of professional dancers entertained Strictly viewers watching from home as they took the dance floor with a Little Shop of Horrors-themed opening number.
READ MORE: BBC Strictly Come Dancing pro deals Chris McCausland blow just before quarter final
Once the hosts welcomed the judges - who took on the theme as they dressed their own chosen musical characters with Motsi Mabuse channelling a Dreamgirl, Shirley Ballas transforming into Miss Trunchbull, Craig Revel Horwood as the bearded lady from The Greatest Showman and Anton Du Beke who sported a technicolour dreamcoat - it was time for the celebrities and their professional dance partners to take to the floor.
Kicking off the show was Sarah Hadland and Vito Coppola, with the pair riding high after they danced what was described as the best Rumba of the series so far last weekend - and the pair did not disappoint tonight.
They performed a high-energy Charleston to Popular from Wicked, with actress Sarah taking on the role of Glinda, which is currently being occupied by Ariana Grande in the new blockbuster film.
Shirley told them "the lifts were flawless," while Anton Du Beke gushed: "That was abolsutely brilliant. It was so wonderful." Craig then concluded: "Prim characterisation, precise and well presented," before Sarah and Vito recieved 38 out of a possible 40 points - including two tens from Shirley and Anton.
But Strictly fans were distracted as they spotted Miranda Hart in the audience, Sarah's former Miranda co-star and friend who previously appeared in a VT with her pal and her ance partner earlier in the series. Miranda was also joined by her on-scree mother Patricia Hodge.
And fans quickly flocked to social media. @beckyftcatty said: "Crying my miranda heart can't let's go Stevie and video that's was unreal #strictly." @joannalivelife commented: "Fabulous to see Miranda in the audience. I’m currently reading her new book which is so good #strictly."
@sooflayed shouted: "PATRICIA AND MIRANDA OMG #strictly.2 @WriterofQueen echoed: "MIRANDA HART AND PATRICIA HODGE #Strictly #StrictlyComeDancing." @mazzieover shared: "Miranda and penny im gonna cry #strictly." @slinehan1 added: "Miranda being in the crowd to watch Sarah makes me so emotional ngl. #Strictly."
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.