Metro journalists select and curate the products that feature on our site. If you make a purchase via links on this page we will earn commission – learn more
Amazon might not be the first place you think of when shopping for new beauty products but thanks to its Spring Sale event, there are some real bargains to be found.
Whether you’re stocking up on favourites or fancy trying out cult-status products for the first time, the savings right now are unbeatable.
There are some seriously good brands on offer too including ColorWow, Real Techniques and Elemis.
As a proud beauty addict, I’m constantly trying the latest launches and buying my tried and tested favourites. Which is precisely what we’re doing here.
I have tested everyone of the products below to bring you only the very best that beauty has to offer. Never tried a few of these? Trust me, they’ll take up permanent space in your beauty stash as soon as you do.
If you’re yet to try the Medik8 range, you’re in for a treat, particularly with its Crystal Retinal 3. Formulated with vitamin A, expect to see an improvement to your skin’s texture, tone and glow. It also contains plenty of hyaluronic acid and glycerin to keep skin moisturised and comforted. I recommend gradually building up to nightly use though as some can experience irritation if used too often.
Dry hair? Then make a beeline for this hair oil. It has an incredible texture that softens and hydrates strands, never leaving your hair greasy or weighed down. It’s one of my holy grail products that has stood the test of time since its original launch in 2010 and it’s since been repackaged to look even more chic on your dressing table – what’s not to love?
English sunshine isn’t always reliable and a real tan isn’t good for your skin so, try this phenomenal fake tan. Apply all over then leave on from 1-3 hours depending on how deep you like your tan to be, then wash off. Voila! A gorgeous faux glow that isn’t streaky or orange. Plus, it’s currently 63% off.
Spending Prime Day shopping for a new scent? With over 28,092 ratings on Amazon and 82% of those hitting five stars, Ariana Grande’s Cloud fragrance has earned itself a gold star from us. With notes of juicy pear, bergamot and coconut, it’s a delightfully sweet perfume that’s fruity and feminine.
Cash in on a 38% discount of this essential body cream. CeraVe are the owners of some of the most reliable and hard-working skincare products on the market and Prime Day is the time to fill your bathroom cabinet. I love the non-sticky, non-greasy texture of this body cream and it sinks in straight away so you can get dressed immediately. 
No makeup bag refresh should be without new makeup brushes and this handy set from Real Techniques is currently 48% off. With essential brushes and a sponge to create a flawless makeup look, this Prime Day I’ll be adding to my makeup brush collection and saving myself some money. 
Beloved by celebrity hairstylist Chris Appleton, who regularly uses it on the Kardashian sisters, the Dream Coat spray from ColorWow is going straight into my basket this Amazon Prime Day. Normally priced at £27, it can be yours for just £18.90. Acting as an anti-frizz, humidity shield for hair, I can’t live without this product (especially during this drizzly summer). Keep it on hand for hair wash days and to see the benefits, spritz your hair liberally before drying. 
Daily SPF is essential to keep your skin looking youthful and healthy and this one from Murad is a gamechanger. Packed with skin-brightening vitamin C, not only does it protect your skin from UVA and UVB rays, it actively encourages brighter, more even toned skin while you wear. It makes a great base under makeup too and it’s 32% off for Prime Day – ideal!
If you haven’t tried this shower cream yet, what have you been waiting for? With the most tropical, creamy, suncream-on-holiday scent, it’s indulgence at its best. Yes it costs a little more than your average shower cream but trust me when I say, once you’ve tried it you won’t be able to go without it and just for Amazon Pride Day, it’s 25% off. 
Not all of us are lucky enough to be blessed with long lashes but thankfully you can purchase L’Oréal’s Telescopic Mascara this Prime Day and change all that. This lash-stretching formula binds to lashes to give them impressive volume, lift and length in just a few swipes. It’s now available at the bargain price of £7.79 when it normally costs £11.99. Time to replenish your lash stash? 
You’ll need to be quick getting your hands on these beauty goodies though as Amazon Prime Day finishes this evening, at midnight (July 17) – so what are you waiting for?
Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram
Share your views in the comments below
Arrow
MORE: Amazon shoppers rush to buy £14 beauty tool that ‘relieves tension’ in ‘jaw and face’
Arrow
MORE: As a beauty expert, this is what I’m buying during Amazon Prime including dry shampoo for 10p!
Arrow
MORE: Shoppers say this snail mucin serum ‘makes it look like I’ve had botox’ – and it’s 47% off ahead of Amazon Prime Day
Sign up for your retail fix with exclusive discounts, sales and product reviews.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Your information will be used in line with our Privacy Policy
Sign up for your retail fix with exclusive discounts, sales and product reviews.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Your information will be used in line with our Privacy Policy