Broadway + NYC
Broadway
Off-Broadway
Off-Off Broadway
Cabaret
Dance
Opera
Classical Music
United States
Eastern
Central
Western
Minneapolis / St. Paul
Connecticut
Atlanta
Chicago
Los Angeles
Central New York
West End
WEST END
UK Regional
International
Canada
Australia / New Zealand
Europe
Asia
Latin America
Africa / Middle East
Entertainment
TV/Movies
Music
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone, and Disney's The Lion King will be presented as part of the festival.
POPULAR
The Cleveland Orchestra has announced three highlights of its 2025 Blossom Music Festival: An Evening with Cynthia Erivo, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone, and Disney's The Lion King. 
The annual festival offers music lovers an exceptional lineup of classical favorites, star-studded collaborations, and family-friendly performances at Blossom Music Center, the Orchestra's scenic summer home in the Cuyahoga Valley National Park. The full schedule of programming for the 57th Blossom Music Festival, including pops and classical concerts, will be announced in early 2025. 
The Cleveland Orchestra performs Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone in Concert on July 5 and 6. Audiences will relive the magic of the entire film in high definition on the big screen while hearing John Williams' unforgettable score live. 
Cynthia Erivo, a two-time Oscar-nominated and Grammy, Emmy, and Tony Award–winning actress, singer, and producer, takes the stage with The Cleveland Orchestra and conductor Edwin Outwater on July 27. Erivo is set to star as Elphaba opposite Ariana Grande's Glinda in the highly anticipated, two-part film adaptation of the hit musical Wicked, hitting theaters this month.  
The Cleveland Orchestra presents screenings of Walt Disney Animation Studios' feature The Lion King with Hans Zimmer's Oscar-winning musical score performed live to the film on August 29, 30, and 31. The concerts will be led by conductor Sarah Hicks. 
Individual tickets for An Evening with Cynthia Erivo, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone, and Disney's The Lion King go on sale to select Cleveland Orchestra donors and subscribers on Wednesday, November 20, at 10 a.m. General public ticket sales start on Thursday, November 21, at 10 a.m. 
Lawn Ticket Books are available now for $180. That is $20 off the regular book price and more than $100 off individually priced tickets. This special offer ends December 31, 2024.  
For tickets, contact the Severance Music Center Ticket Office by phone at 216-231-1111 or by emailing boxoffice@clevelandorchestra.com. Tickets can also be purchased online at clevelandorchestra.com.  
The Cleveland Orchestra has added three new members to its artistic and creative team, continuing the Orchestra's commitment to innovation, community engagement, and musical excellence. Learn more!
Beck Center for the Arts has announced its 2025-2026 Professional Theater Season, the 92nd season which includes a big splash, comedies, dramas, musicals, and a new collaboration with Oberlin College & Conservatory Music Theater Program. 
Production photos have been released for Noises Off at Great Lakes Theater (GLT). This farce takes center stage at the Hanna Theatre, Playhouse Square, from April 25 – May 18, 2025. See the photos here!
Cob County loves its corn.  Or, so we are told by the storytellers in SHUCKED, the Tony nominated musical, now on stage at the Connor Palace Theatre, as part of the Key Bank Broadway series.
Videos
Cleveland SHOWS
Recommended For You
Sign up for announcements, and exclusive discounts on tickets to your favorite shows!
© 2025 - Copyright Wisdom Digital Media, all rights reserved. Privacy Policy