It’s going to be popular.
During Sunday’s Super Bowl, Universal debuted the first trailer for the studio’s two-part adaptation of the musical “Wicked” starring Ariana Grande and Cynthia Erivo. The film, from director Jon M. Chu, is due out in theaters on November 27. Part Two of the series comes out a year later, on November 26, 2025.
Here’s the lengthy synopsis of “Wicked” provided by the studio.
“After two decades as one of the most beloved and enduring musicals on the stage, Wicked makes its long-awaited journey to the big screen as a spectacular, generation-defining cinematic event this holiday season. 
Wicked, the untold story of the witches of Oz, stars Emmy, Grammy and Tony winning powerhouse Cynthia Erivo (Harriet, Broadway’s The Color Purple) as Elphaba, a young woman, misunderstood because of her unusual green skin, who has yet to discover her true power, and Grammy-winning, multi-platinum recording artist and global superstar Ariana Grande as Glinda, a popular young woman, gilded by privilege and ambition, who has yet to discover her true heart. 
The two meet as students at Shiz University in the fantastical Land of Oz and forge an unlikely but profound friendship. Following an encounter with The Wonderful Wizard of Oz, their friendship reaches a crossroads and their lives take very different paths. Glinda's unflinching desire for popularity sees her seduced by power, while Elphaba's determination to remain true to herself, and to those around her, will have unexpected and shocking consequences on her future. Their extraordinary adventures in Oz will ultimately see them fulfill their destinies as Glinda the Good and the Wicked Witch of the West.”
Speaking to Vanity Fair in a piece published Sunday night during the Super Bowl, Chu explained the importance of “Wicked” as intellectual property. “This is the American fairy tale,” he said. “We are in a time where we are reassessing the story of life in America. What is truth? What is a happy ending? Is the yellow brick road the road to follow? Is someone really there on the other end who’s going to give you your heart’s desire?”
“Wicked” the movie is based on the popular stage musical by Stephen Schwartz and Winnie Holzman, who adapted their work for the film’s screenplay. The show debuted on Broadway in 2003 and was nominated for 10 Tony Awards – including Best Musical. Idina Menzel – who played Elphaba in the original cast, the role Erivo takes over in the movie version – won Best Actress in a Musical.
Universal currently sits in the pole position for Best Picture this year thanks to “Oppenheimer.” With its release date and pedigree, it’s expected “Wicked” will find itself in awards contention and consideration as well.
PREDICT the 2024 Oscar winners through March 10
Make your predictions at Gold Derby now. Download our free and easy app for Apple/iPhone devices or Android (Google Play) to compete against legions of other fans plus our experts and editors for best prediction accuracy scores. See our latest prediction champs. Can you top our esteemed leaderboards next? Always remember to keep your predictions updated because they impact our latest racetrack odds, which terrify Hollywood chiefs and stars. Don't miss the fun. Speak up and share your huffy opinions in our famous forums where 5,000 showbiz leaders lurk every day to track latest awards buzz. Everybody wants to know: What do you think? Who do you predict and why?
SIGN UP for Gold Derby newsletters and updates
Oh my gosh, I did a little cheer when that Wicked trailer hit during the Super Bowl!  I’ve been waiting for this movie for ages, and seeing Ariana Grande and Cynthia Erivo as Glinda and Elphaba just feels perfect.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…
Take a trip back to the Academy Awards ceremonies of the recent past with Gold Derby’s Oscars Playback series. Hosts Joyce Eng and Christopher Rosen recap every Oscar ceremony of the 1990s and 2000s. Joyce and Chris tackle the highs and lows of each show and see how the winners aged. It’s a wonderful night for Oscar, whenever you watch!

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media