By Greg Evans 
NY & Broadway Editor

Short n’ Sweet, the new studio album by former Disney Channel star Sabrina Carpenter, has debuted at No. 1 on the Billboard 200 chart, with all 12 of its songs on the Billboard Hot 100.

	Carpenter’s sixth studio album had sales of 362,000 in the United States, according to the tracking service Luminate, the third-best opening week of the year behind Taylor Swift and Beyoncé. Short n’ Sweet marks Carpenter’s first time topping the chart, edging out rapper Travis Scott’s re-released Days Before Rodeo, which marked sales of 361,000.

	The opening week (Aug. 23-29) also saw three of the Carpenter album’s tracks landing in the singles chart’s top five, a feat achieved previously by only two women (Swift and Ariana Grande) and just seven previous artists overall. The other are The Beatles, 50 Cent, Justin Bieber, Drake and 21 Savage.

	










			Watch on Deadline		






	Also noteworthy: With three of the album’s songs — “Taste,” “Please Please Please” and “Espresso” — in the chart’s upper reaches, Carpenter becomes only the second act to ever chart her first three top-five hits simultaneously. That puts her on the same turf as The Beatles, who charted with “I Want To Hold Your Hand,” “She Loves You” and “Please Please Me” on March 7, 1964.

	The No. 1 album’s 12 songs and their positions on the chart, according to Billboard, are:

	No. 2, “Taste”No. 3, “Please Please Please” (up from No. 9; spent one week at No. 1, becoming Carpenter’s first Hot 100 leader, in June)No. 4, “Espresso” (up from No. 7; peaked at No. 3 in June)No. 14, “Bed Chem”No. 15, “Good Graces”No. 21, “Sharpest Tool”No. 22, “Juno”No. 26, “Coincidence”No. 27, “Slim Pickins”No. 32, “Dumb & Poetic”No. 35, “Don’t Smile”No. 41, “Lie to Girls”
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.