Variety Awards Circuit section is the home for all awards news and related content throughout the year, featuring the following: the official predictions for the upcoming Oscars, Emmys, Grammys and Tony Awards ceremonies, curated by Variety senior awards editor Clayton Davis. The prediction pages reflect the current standings in the race and do not reflect personal preferences for any individual contender. As other formal (and informal) polls suggest, competitions are fluid and subject to change based on buzz and events. Predictions are updated every Thursday.

Best Actress commentary (Updated Feb. 26, 2025): Demi Moore’s fearless and transformative role in “The Substance” has revitalized her career and positioned her as the likely winner following Globes, Critics Choice and SAG. Mikey Madison picked up considerable momentum for “Anora” with a pair of BAFTA and Indie Spirits trophies. Still, it may have been a little too late in the voting period for the former to make the difference. In addition, I also have a theory that both Madison and “I’m Still Here” star Fernanda Torres are splitting the international members’ support, where they seem to be strongest.

	Moore, 62, would be the sixth oldest winner in the category’s history. This incredible feat will send a positive message to actors “over a certain age” in Hollywood — don’t ever give up. 

	An interesting bit of trivia for a possible Madison victory — a single acting win for the best actress hasn’t paired with best picture, director, and screenplay since Diane Keaton for “Annie Hall” (1977); coincidentally, that’s also the last time all five best actress nominees were best picture nominees.

Will Win: Demi Moore (“The Substance”)

	Could Win: Mikey Madison (“Anora”)Should Win: Fernanda Torres (“I’m Still Here”)Should Have Been Nominated: Carrie Coon (“His Three Daughters”); Marianne Jean-Baptiste (“Hard Truths”); Zendaya (“Challengers”)

 Variety Awards Circuit: Oscars  

	The 97th Oscars will be held on Sunday, March 2. All movie listings, titles, distributors, and credited artisans are not final and are subject to change.

	The Academy Awards, better known as the Oscars, is Hollywood’s most prestigious artistic award in the film industry. Since 1927, nominees and winners have been selected by members of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS). Nineteen branches are represented within the nearly 11,000-person membership. The branches are actors, animators, associates, casting directors, cinematographers, costume designers, directors, documentary, executives, film editors, makeup and hairstylists, marketing and public relations, members-at-large, members-at-large (artists’ representatives), music, producers, production design, short films, sound, visual effects and writers.
The Business of Entertainment