Ariana in 3D florals and Cynthia *obvs* in green
The Wicked film starring Ariana Grande as Glinda The Good Witch (natch) and Cynthia Erivo taking on the iconic role of Elphaba (our girl the Wicked Witch of the West) may not be out til the very end of November - AKA foreverrr away - but that doesn’t mean our excitement levels haven’t already peaked. Especially given Ariana and Cynthia are basically cosplaying their characters at every single press event they step out at.
First, there was this year's Academy Awards. The pair arrived on the Oscars red carpet with Ariana looking like an IRL Glinda in her puffy pink Giambattista Valli gown and Cynthia obvs repping Elphaba’s signature green in a leather Louis Vuitton dress. Tbf, coming in full body paint would arguably have been too much to ask.
And yesterday [Wednesday 10 April] the leading ladies were once again channelling Oz during an appearance at the Universal Pictures and Focus Features Presentation during CinemaCon 2024.
As well as nailing the corsage trend, Ariana’s Oscar de la Renta SS24 3D flower mini dress was the embodiment of Glinda’a sparklingly sunny personality. Nude tights and white courts completed the ‘fit. Still repping the good witch’s blonde locks, Ariana pulled her hair back into an elegant updo, finishing her beauty look with a slick of glossy pink lipgloss.
Cynthia meanwhile, gave a party-ready take on her Elphaba character in a Versace AW24 silver shimmer mini skirt featuring a draped overlay and bow waist belt. She paired it with an emerald green off-the-shoulder bustier top and thigh-high satin platform boots in the same vivid hue. Green bejewelled nails and a cocktail ring featuring a pale green stone further nodded to the witch's aesthetic.
Yep, two truly stunning looks. If this is what the actresses are wearing on the press tour, we can’t wait to see the film’s costumes. Bring on November!
Follow Alexandria on Instagram.
Alexandria Dale is the Digital Fashion Writer at Cosmopolitan UK. Covering everything from the celebrity style moments worth knowing about to the latest fashion news, there’s nothing she loves more than finding a high street dupe of a must-have designer item. As well as discovering new brands, she’s passionate about sustainable fashion and establishing the trends that are actually worth investing in. Having worked in fashion journalism for six years, she has experience at both digital and print publications including Glamour and Ok! 
Julia Fox’s frilly knickers have bum-crack cut-out
The most revealing Met Gala naked dresses *ever*
Rosie Huntington-Whiteley is selling her wardrobe
Flo Pugh's sheer strapless gown = style switch-up
Sydney Sweeney's tiny ruffle nude corset dress =🔥
Blake Lively's corset gown = Old Hollywood glamour
Shopping Sydney Sweeney’s stripe bikini & trousers
Flo Pugh's black lace ballgown is *SO* see-through
A deep dive into Lola Young's style transformation
Shop Olivia Rodrigo's stunning Rixo dress
Maya serves sexy underboob in bikini beach snaps
Zendaya's naked dress has a huuuge thigh split
Cosmopolitan, Part of the Hearst UK Fashion & Beauty Network
Cosmopolitan participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England 112955. All Rights Reserved.