Orlando Bloom squirmed in his seat and plastered on a smile as he watched his partner Katy Perry live up to her word and (almost) kiss a girl on stage at the MTV Video Music Awards last night.  
Katy, 39, made history when she took to the stage to accept the Vanguard award, presented by a special someone. 
It was date night for Katy, 39, and Orlando, 47, who left daughter Daisy Dove watching at home to celebrate Katy receiving the prestigious gong and performing a 10-minute medley of her hits.
Katy won video of the year for her pop smash Firework in 2011 and went on to host the awards in 2017. She’s the first person in VMAs history to do both and win the Vanguard gong. 
Her performance included Teenage Dream, I Kissed A Girl, Firework, and California Gurls, as well as her latest single, Lifetimes. 
However, it was the moment she performed with rapper Doechii that really caught Orlando’s attention, as Katy was seen writhing on the floor and getting very close, almost to the point of kissing Doechii, sparking a huge reaction. At one point, the two musicians appeared to simulate a sex act as they lay on the floor with their legs intertwined.
Sorry, this video isn't available any more.
Pirates of the Caribbean actor Orlando was seen moving around in his seat before suddenly flashing a smile and clapping when he realised the cameras were on him. 
Even Taylor Swift couldn’t believe her eyes and was caught on camera literally dropping her jaw as Katy got stuck in with Doechii. 
After a lovey-dovey speech from Orlando, who said he fell in love with the megastar as her real identity, Katheryn Hudson, Katy took the mic and reflected on her long career.
At one point, she referred to a cheeky comment from the Call Her Daddy podcast, in which the Roar hitmaker said she would give Orlando oral sex if he did the dishes.
Of her biggest green flag, Katy originally remarked: ‘Like, if I come downstairs and the kitchen is clean and you’ve done all the dishes, and you’ve closed all the pantry doors, you better be ready to get your d**k sucked!’
Then, Katy and Orlando shared a massive smooch before he stood by her side to hear her thank her team, her fans, and even the haters for getting her where she is today.
She then joked: ‘Thank you to Orlando for keeping me grounded, celebrated, and doing the dishes.’
Ending on a less NSFW note, Katy shouted out her toddler, saying: ‘Lastly, for my Daisy, the only flowers I’ll ever need.’
Taking to X following Katy’s scandalous quip, user kaiamal13 wrote: ‘i can’t look at orlando bloom the same after that washing the dishes confession from katy’.
Fan page perrysrhythm wrote: ‘not her thanking Orlando for doing the dishes on live TV’.
Elsewhere at this year’s awards, Grammy winner Taylor made history winning seven gongs, taking her career total to 30 and equalling Beyonce as the most-awarded musician in VMAs history.
She heaped praise on her boyfriend, NFL star Travis Kelce, as she accepted the video of the year award for Fortnight, and said: ‘And you know, the thing is that this video seems very sad when you watch it, but it was like the most fun video to make and something I will always remember is that when I would finish a take and I would say cut and we’d be done with the take, I would always just here someone cheering and like woo from across the studio where we were shooting it and that one person was my boyfriend Travis. 
‘Everything this man touches turns into happiness and finds a magic so I want to thank him for adding that to our shoot because I will always remember that.’ 
Earlier on the red carpet, Taylor rocked one of her hottest looks to date, appearing fresh out of a video game and channelling her reputation era in Dior.
Decked out in plaid, the Shake It Off hitmaker posed with a powerful stance, showcasing her long legs in black hotpants and thigh-high boots.
The Style hitmaker ditched her trademark red lip for a nude, adding to her sultry vibe with a black smoky eye.
With 12 nominations, Taylor was up for the most awards tonight, and she used her first acceptance speech to pay tribute to the victims of 9/11.
Having won best collaboration for Fortnight with Post Malone, she said: ‘Waking up this morning in New York on September 11th, I’ve just been thinking about what happened 23 years ago. Everyone who lost a loved one and everyone that we lost. That is the most important thing today.’
Five or more trophies means Taylor surpasses Beyoncé as the most decorated artist in VMA history, with the Crazy in Love hitmaker having won 27.
Katy wasn’t the only big star on the bill tonight, as Please Please Please songstress Sabrina performed a mash-up of her summer hits, including her latest single, Taste.
The choreography for the tune had everyone entranced, as the pintsize pop star not only flirted with an astronaut in a nod to one of Britney Spears’ iconic VMA performances, but she also made out with, erm, an alien…
It didn’t take long for fans to turn the steamy moment into a meme, however, joking that she was poking fun at Donald Trump’s remarks in last night’s presidential debate, where he claimed Kamala Harris wants to perform ‘transgender operations on illegal aliens’ in prison.
‘Did Sabrina just makeout with an illegal transgender alien???’, mocked X user gardenpanty.
Prior to the other major arrivals, Chappell Roan, 26, was among the first stars to walk the VMAs carpet, donning a risqué Joan of Arc-esque outfit.
Chappell Roan tells off a photographer at the VMAs. 
Draped in sheer fabric and also serving Florence Welch realness, the Good Luck, Babe! hitmaker left little to the imagination with a plunging neckline and material that exposed her breasts.
Accessorising by carrying a rather intimidating sword, the pop sensation, who performed tonight, kept a stern face for cameras before unintentionally creating a viral moment.
Having seemingly been told to ‘shut the f**k up’ by one of the paparazzi clan, the Red Wine Supernova singer then turned around with an angry expression, pointing her finger and yelling: ‘You shut the f**k up!’
Stepping forward and continuing to point, she stated: ‘No, not me, b***h.’
The crowd started jeering as an assistant fixed Chappell’s dress on the unconventional black carpet before she composed herself to pose for pics.
Speaking to cameras after the incident, Chappell said she had a ‘lot of anxiety’ as the red carpet was ‘overwhelming’, adding that she retaliated because: ‘You don’t get to yell at me like that.’
Her appearance at the VMAs comes after she cancelled her European tour dates to rehearse for the coveted ceremony, where the likes of Sabrina Carpenter will also perform.
Chappell released a statement saying she was ‘heartbroken’ by the decision before fans turned on her and branded her ‘disrespectful’ for having skewed priorities.
Following Chappell’s carpet episode, fellow performer Sabrina, 25, rocked up in a look that will be familiar to long-time award show viewers.
In a strapless silver gown embellished with sequins and with a low-cut neckline, the Espresso hitmaker wore the same Bob Mackie gown that Madonna wore to the 1991 Academy Awards, where she performed the night’s best song winner, Sooner or Later. 
Sabrina injected colour into the look with a glossy red lip, accessorising with a similar silver necklace, and wearing her blonde locks in a bouncy blowout.
Other stars strutting their stuff on the carpet included Halsey, whose red cheetah-print ensemble caught everyone’s eye. The Versace gown was originally designed for Elizabeth Hurley, who wore it in 1996.
She was followed by Shawn Mendes in a classic black suit.
Shawn risked an awkward run-in with ex-girlfriend Camila Cabello, another performer, who posed confidently in a lace garment and veil.
Lenny Kravitz also went for his signature material – leather, going shirtless underneath and merely covering his torso with an oversized leather tie.
Megan Thee Stallion hosted live tonight from the UBS Arena in Elmont, New York.
Stars including Cyndi Lauper, who won a VMA for best female video at the very first VMAs in 1984, was on hand to present awards, as well as Carson Daly.
Post Malone followed Taylor with nine nominations, while Ariana Grande, Eminem, and Sabrina Carpenter scored six each.
In fact, Katy and Taylor aren’t the only historymakers in town.
Eminem already holds the title of most wins by a rap artist. Now, however, he’s looking to become the most-awarded male artist in the ceremony’s history, a title he currently shares with Peter Gabriel.
Other performers included Eminem, Halsey, GloRilla, Rauw Alejandro, Karol G, Doechii, Anitta, and Benson Boone.
Video of the year
Taylor Swift ft. Post Malone – ‘Fortnight’ – Republic Records
Song of the summer
Taylor Swift ft. Post Malone – Fortnight
VMAS most iconic performance
Katy Perry - Roar
Best trending video
Megan Thee Stallion ft. Yuki Chiba – Mamushi
Best collaboration
Taylor Swift ft. Post Malone – Fortnight
Best alternative
Benson Boone – Beautiful Things
Best rock
Lenny Kravitz – Human
Best Afrobeats
Tyla – Water
Song of the year
Espresso - Sabrina Carpenter
Michael Jackson Video Vanguard Award
Katy Perry
Artist of the year
Taylor Swift
Best pop
Taylor Swift
Best R&B
SZA – Snooze
Video for Good
Billie Eilish – What Was I Made For 
Best cinematography
Ariana Grande – we can’t be friends (wait for your love)
Best art direction
Megan Thee Stallion – BOA 
Best direction
Taylor Swift ft. Post Malone – Fortnight 
Best editing
Taylor Swift ft. Post Malone – Fortnight
Best choreography
Dua Lipa – Houdini
Best visual effects
Eminem – Houdini
Best hip-hop
Eminem – Houdini 
Best K-pop
LISA – Rockstar
Best new artist
Chappell Roan
Best Latin
Anitta – Mil Veces
MTV push performance of the year
June 2024: Le Sserafim – Easy
Arrow
MORE: The most legendary moments from the VMAs over the years ahead of star-studded awards
Arrow
MORE: Selena Gomez vows she’ll ‘never become meme again’ after viral VMAs moments