Meghan Trainor has spoken about being a mum and a pop star, admitting she is terrified her kids may struggle on the road.
In September, the US megastar will go on tour, playing 24 dates in six weeks – and she is taking her family with her. That includes her actor husband Daryl Sabara and their sons Riley, three, and 11-month-old Barry.
But Meghan says she would love to swap notes first with fellow mum P!nk to find out how she handles life on the road.
In an exclusive chat, Meghan tells us: “I’d love to talk to pop stars who have kids and ask, ‘How do you tour with children?’ because it’s not like something you can learn on YouTube.
“We’re trying to get in touch with P!nk – our nanny is going to reach out to hers. But until that happens we’re just holding hands together, trying to get through it.”
The Dear Future Husband singer released her sixth album, Timeless, on Friday from which latest single Been Like This is taken. But as she prepares to tour it across North America, Meghan explains: “My children’s happiness comes above all so I’m like, ‘What if they’re miserable? What if one is car-sick or nauseous?’
“I always think the worst. But luckily my kids do love adventure, and they love car rides. Riley is stoked about the tour bus.”
If anyone can handle two kids and a tour, it’s Meghan. The singer exploded onto the pop scene in 2014 with global smash hit All About That Bass. The track went to No.1 in almost 20 countries, including the UK and US.
But Meghan says juggling the two sides of life is something she thought she might not have to do – as she feared motherhood would end her career. She admits: “When I got pregnant, I had that thought, ‘Is my career done now I am a mom?’ I thought that I couldn’t do both. But then I released Made You Look, and that song blew up.
“I had the best year of my career after my baby – because he inspired me to be the best version of me.
“Every morning I would walk in, just stare at him for about 45 minutes and think, ‘I’m going to get the healthiest I’ve ever been, be the most motivated, write the best songs I’ve ever written.
“‘I’m going to work my a*** off to show you that you can have it all, and you can live your dreams’.
“If you want something bad enough, work hard and get it done, because we’re doers. That’s what I say to my husband all the time.
“We’ve had some tough times, but I always say that I’ve survived two pregnancies and two C-sections, so there’s nothing I can’t do.”
Meghan admits that the journey to motherhood has sometimes pushed her and Daryl to their limits. When Riley was born, he spent time in intensive care – which Meghan recalls as being “traumatic”.
Then, when she was pregnant with Barry, she had a miscarriage scare. Meghan also admits that she has struggled with lows after both pregnancies. But she says that writing the self-love songs she is known for has helped her to get through those tough times.
Her latest album is packed with sassy, empowering anthems such as I Wanna Thank Me and Be My Bestie. She adds: “We’re all out here just trying to survive.
“All the self-love songs on my album are me recovering from new C-sections – the old stretch marks on top of new ones – and trying to love myself all over again.
“Then, there are also a lot of ‘Don’t lead me on’ songs because I know my worth, and I want my sons – and my daughter, if I have one – to hear that someday.”
Meghan says that despite years of writing and releasing songs, she still feels like she’s being underestimated.
She explains: “There aren’t many women writing and producing their own songs – me, Ariana Grande and Taylor Swift. And it can be frustrating when my manager gets calls asking who wrote my songs, and she replies, ‘For the love of God – MEGHAN’. “That’s why I wrote Been Like This, the first single from the album. It’s me, screaming, ‘I’ve been here the whole time, it was me, for ever. I did it!’”
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.