Cynthia Erivo disapproved of specific fan-made changes to the "Wicked" movie poster.
Shared on her Instagram Stories, the actress shared a fan art created by the account @wickedmexicofans, featuring an edited version of the original movie poster.
These edits transformed the official poster to resemble the iconic "Wicked" Broadway poster, depicting a scene where Elphaba's eyes are obscured while Glinda whispers in her ear.
In the poster for the movie Elphaba's gaze pierces through the lens while Glinda, portrayed by Ariana Grande, shares a secret in her ear.
While some believes it's a nice edit, Erivo completely disagrees.
Cynthia Erivo reacts to edits of the ‘Wicked’ poster and the viral AI fighting animation:“Our poster is an homage not an imitation, to edit my face and hide my eyes is to erase me. And that is just deeply hurtful.” pic.twitter.com/R7jGz0Nxnx
"This is the wildest, most offensive thing I have seen I have seen equal to that awful AI of us fighting, equal to people posting 'is your ***** green?'"
The actress-singer added, "None of this is funny. None of it is cute. It degrades me. It degrades us."
"The original poster is an ILLUSTRATION. I am a real life human being, who chose to look down the barrel of the camera to you, the viewer ...because without words we communicate with our eyes.
"Our poster is an homage not an imitation, to edit my face and hide my eyes is to erase me. And that is just deeply hurtful."
Sharing a different perspective, Erivo took to social media to show the movie's official poster, adding, "Let me put this right here, to remind you and cleanse your palette," accompanied by two vibrant green heart emojis.
"Wicked" movie director Jon M. Chu shared Erivo's Instagram Story, declaring, "@cynthiaerivo is my superhero."
The upcoming "Wicked" movie is scheduled for release in two parts. The first installment is slated to hit theaters on November 22, 2024, with the second part on December 25, 2025.
The cast is led by Erivo, Grande, Michelle Yeoh, Jeff Goldblum, Jonathan Bailey, and Ethan Slater and the movie is poised to raise the beloved musical to new cinematic heights.