Last year’s Grammy Award lineup for Best Pop Duo/Group Performance was somewhat weak, with most of the nominees being deep album cuts rather than big singles. Even the ones that were singles were not particularly major hits, at least not to the level that past winners in the category have been. Is this becoming the new normal? This year’s lineup is also looking pretty scarce so far, although there are some contenders whose wins would be significant due to certain other factors.
The frontrunner right now seems to be Taylor Swift and Post Malone’s “Fortnight,” which has made huge waves. The single served as the lead for Swift’s new album, "The Tortured Poets Department," and became an instant hit, topping the Billboard Hot 100 for two weeks and breaking the record for the most streamed song in a single day on Spotify. That kind of success is expected for a new Swift release, so it’s not like that necessarily locks the win, but it certainly positions the song as the biggest eligible hit in the category by far. “Fortnight” would be important for Swift, as it looks like her album’s best chance at a victory, but it would matter even more for Malone, who has yet to win a Grammy despite such a successful career. As such, voters might be more compelled to vote for the song here to honor Swift’s blockbuster album and to finally make Malone a Grammy winner.
The song’s biggest competition is probably Beyoncé and Miley Cyrus’s “II Most Wanted,” the fan favorite from the former’s newest record, "Cowboy Carter." While “II Most Wanted” is not nearly as big a hit as “Fortnight,” the song is closer to being Grammy bait, since it's a heartfelt country-pop ballad that could appeal to voters from both audiences. It also helps that the Grammys love Beyoncé and that they’ve recently grown fond of Cyrus too, giving her her first two Grammys in 2024, including Record of the Year for "Flowers." Thus, the Beyoncé plus Cyrus combo could make a big impression.
Another challenger to Swift and Malone are The Beatles with their comeback hit “Now and Then.” The song’s genre submission isn’t necessarily clear, as it could be slotted in the rock categories. But if it goes pop, it would likely get a nomination like fellow veterans ABBA (“Don’t Shut Me Down”) and Tony Bennett (“I Get a Kick Out of You”). The Beatles’ case is even more compelling, as “Now and Then” was a way more popular hit, debuting inside the top 10 of the Hot 100. While it quickly fizzled out from there, The Beatles are too legendary to ignore, even winning a Grammy this past year for Best Music Video. So voters might just default to their favorite legacy act.
After those three songs, the competition gets a bit more scarce. Last year voters chose deep cuts or minor singles from pop favorites and previous nominees rather than big hits from newer artists. If that's the case again this coming year, you might expect something from pop favorite Ariana Grande in the mix, perhaps her remix of “Supernatural” with Troye Sivan or a new collaboration that might be yet to come. Grande will likely not submit the “Yes, And?” remix with Mariah Carey, since “Yes, And?” (solo) is probably her ticket to a Best Pop Dance Recording nomination (and is competitive for the win). Plus, Sivan just got his first two Grammy nominations in 2024, so voters are aware of him.
Another previous nominee who could be namechecked is Camila Cabello, who recently got in with her hit “Bam Bam.” She could submit the divisive “I Luv It” featuring Playboy Carti, but she might be better off with a new song that had a less polarizing reception, perhaps her single “He Knows” with previous category winner Lil Nas X. There’s also Nicki Minaj, who was nominated in this category for her Ariana Grande and Jessie J collab, “Bang Bang.” Minaj might submit it to the rap categories, but there’s a chance “Everybody,” featuring Lil Uzi Vert, is slotted in Pop Duo/Group instead, especially since it has gotten traction on pop radio.
A couple of newer faces round out the current possibilities. Reneé Rapp’s “Not My Fault” featuring Megan Thee Stallion failed to enter the Hot 100, but it reached number-10 on the Pop Airplay chart, so voters might be aware of it. Elsewhere, 2024 Best New Artist hopeful Noah Kahan has been releasing remixes of his "Stick Season" songs recently, so one could expect him to send something to pop, perhaps “Northern Attitude” with Hozier. Finally, there’s the viral hit “Wild Ones” by newcomer Jessie Murph and 2024 Best New Artist nominee Jelly Roll. The song has been stable around the middle region of the Hot 100, and could attract voters who lean into the country side of pop too.
Make your predictions at Gold Derby now. Download our free and easy app for Apple/iPhone devices or Android (Google Play) to compete against legions of other fans plus our experts and editors for best prediction accuracy scores. See our latest prediction champs. Can you top our esteemed leaderboards next? Always remember to keep your predictions updated because they impact our latest racetrack odds, which terrify record executives and music stars. Don't miss the fun. Speak up and share your huffy opinions in our famous forums where thousands of showbiz leaders lurk every day to track latest awards buzz. Everybody wants to know: What do you think? Who do you predict and why?
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…
Take a trip back to the Academy Awards ceremonies of the recent past with Gold Derby’s Oscars Playback series. Hosts Joyce Eng and Christopher Rosen recap every Oscar ceremony of the 1990s and 2000s. Joyce and Chris tackle the highs and lows of each show and see how the winners aged. It’s a wonderful night for Oscar, whenever you watch!

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media