Manage your account
Wicked: Part 1 would be one of the best movies of the year without one key decision that threatens to ruin the whole film.
Directed by Jon M. Chu, Wicked: Part 1 stars Cynthia Erivo, Ariana Grande, Michelle Yeoh, and Jonathan Bailey as well as a brief appearance by Jeff Goldblum. It is based upon the origin story of the Wicked Witch of the West from The Wizard of Oz (1939), Elphaba. The story charts her growing up as a scorned, dismissed child because of her green skin, which she was born with, to her education at a Hogwarts-like school to learn how to control her powers. Wicked’s heart is the story about the friendship between Elphaba and Glinda, the Good Witch, which is tested over the course of the story and ultimately culminates in the dynamics we see in The Wizard of Oz. Unfortunately, cinema audiences will only get half of that.
Wicked: Part 1’s visuals are absolutely stunning. There is a lot of money put into this film, and that money is on the screen. The set designs are eye-poppingly gorgeous, the costume designs are intricately stunning, and even the use of CGI effects blend seamlessly into the fabric of a fully realized world. It would be great if Wicked: Part 1 had a good cinematographer who could light all the other great artists’ work; almost everything is backlit and difficult to make out.
 Joker: Folie à Deux Review: Joaquin Phoenix’s Messy Anti-Comic Book Movie 
Cynthia Erivo delivers one of the finest performances of the year. She has the singing talent to hit all the high notes and even add some variations to time-tested classic Broadway songs. And Erivo portrays Elphaba’s ever-present feeling of distance from everybody else. The slow-growing friendship between her and Grande’s character feels natural, and the actresses have an easy chemistry.
This would be a rave review if not for one terrible decision – one motivated solely by money – and that is splitting the Broadway musical into two parts. The Broadway musical runs about 2:45 with an intermission. The runtime of Wicked: Part 1 is 2:47. How is it possible to do half of the story in more time than the whole story takes on stage?
The answer is a bunch of fat.  Some of the extra material are scenes from the book, some are scenes that I don’t particularly remember from the book (which could be original material or just events I’ve forgotten about), but none of the extra material is essential or adds anything consequential to the story.
 We Live in Time Review: Great Performances in Touching Tear-Jerking Drama 
What’s even worse is they split the songs with meaningless dialogue scenes. As the most galling example, “Defying Gravity” has one of the best crescendos in modern musical theater, but this effect is totally ruined by the inclusion of meaningless interludes. They sing the first movement of the song, and then it’s interrupted by a scene that is only mildly relevant to the plot. And they sing the second movement of the song, which is supposed to build on the first movement, but the momentum is all deflated. And before the third movement, a character repeats a monologue that we heard five minutes ago. “Defying Gravity” is a modern musical masterpiece, and dividing the song like this fails to render its full effect.
The damage is not yet done. In 2025 Wicked: Part 2 is set to hit theaters, and the culmination the friendship at the heart of the story is a great song called “For Good.” It includes the lyrics, “Who can say if I’ve been changed for the better? / But because I knew you / I have been changed for good.” It’s a great sentiment beautifully expressed, but it has emotional resonance because we saw the relationship build an hour ago, not a year ago.
This decision can only be justified by money, and if the box office tracking is right, they’ll consider themselves justified. But the damage done to the story’s emotional effect is incalculable. Wicked with these production values and this cast and the artistic vision on display could have been a powerhouse film; unfortunately, Wicked: Part 1 is half of all that.
Eyewitness News. Everywhere you are.
Copyright 2024 Nexstar Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
 For the latest news, weather, sports, and streaming video, head to Eyewitness News (WEHT/WTVW).