The singer’s Glinda the Good Witch wardrobe is filled with pink
Ariana Grande may have just invented a new aesthetic: Glinda-core.
The singer and actor has been perfectly channeling her Wicked character, Glinda the Good Witch of Oz, with her wardrobe—which, as we now know, includes plenty of pink.
On Instagram today, Grande shared photos of her latest looks, the star of which is a pretty baby-pink strapless dress crafted entirely from gauzy ribbons. The floor-length piece is cinched at the waist with a silky bow in the same romantic hue. The “Thank U, Next” singer paired it with white opaque tights and velvet princess pumps, also in baby pink. She accessorized simply with white diamond studs from Smiling Rocks and black cat-eye liner, and her icy-blonde hair was pulled back into a tight high ponytail.
The look is a modern take on Glinda’s iconic poofy soft-pink dress, which she wears in the classic 1939 Wizard of Oz film, adapted from L. Frank Baum’s 1900 children’s classic novel, The Wonderful Wizard of Oz. Glinda is the most powerful sorceress in the Land of Oz, and Grande plays her in the upcoming musical film adaptation of Wicked, alongside boyfriend Ethan Slater, who plays Boq.
In today’s Instagram post, Grande also shared more casual pink looks she has recently worn, including two hot-pink zip-up hoodies, and a baby-pink rain jacket. She also shared a selfie in which she wears a furry winter hat, a photo of a dreamy pink sunset, and other snaps, including some of her close friends and her dog. 
A Guide to All the 2025 Met Gala Co-Chairs
Nicola Coughlan’s Dress Is Taller Than Her
Florence Pugh's Dress Gives Old Hollywood Charm
Dua Lipa Wows in a Chocolate Mesh Dress
Blake Lively Is Radiant in Two Spring Looks
Blake Lively Goes Method in Fitted Suit
Princess Kate Is Country Club-Chic in Ireland
Rumi Joins Beyoncé and Blue Ivy on Stage
Bella Hadid Proves the Western Look Can Be So Chic
Duchess Meghan Wishes She Had Met Princess Diana
Duchess Meghan Receives a Letter From Her Kids
Kylie Jenner Heralds the Onset of Summer in White
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.