“Certain ones I’m okay to not hear ever again.”
Ariana Grande is reflecting on some of her old hits. 
On a recent appearance on the Podcrushed podcast, the singer opened up to host Penn Badgley about listening to her old music—and apparently, there are some songs she finds herself returning to more than others. 
“It’s interesting because sometimes—sometimes I like to listen to [my own music],” Grande said. “I think in the process of making it, I listen to only it, and I’m like obsessive beyond, beyond imagination, in a way that’s like, ‘Wow. Get help.’ ”
There are songs she is willing to skip, however. “Certain ones I’m okay to not hear ever again, just because of what they hold, because there’s so much,” she added. The singer didn’t specify which tracks she was referring to. 
Other songs have grown on her over time: “Certain other ones, my relationship to them has changed over the years and through performing them as well,” she mused. “Certain ones that I necessarily didn’t like as much as I liked my favorites when I was younger have become so important to me, because I love seeing what they do for the audience and what they have done for people.” She concluded by talking about her sound, saying, “It’s constantly evolving.”
Grande’s last statement is evident from her growing discography. She released her seventh album, Eternal Sunshine, in March, and has dropped two music videos for the singles that have come out since then—the latest of which features Badgley. The singer and actor has also been promoting her upcoming film, Wicked, an adaptation of the beloved Broadway musical. Speaking about the latter project on Podcrushed, Grande said she listens to the musical’s breakout number “Defying Gravity” constantly—so while her playlists may not be filled with her own pop hits, you can bet they pay tribute to her inner theater kid.
Prince Harry Says He May Not Return to the U.K. 
George Clooney Played Softball In Central Park
Hunter Schafer Gives the Tracksuit a Playful Twist
Blake Lively Wears a “Wedding Gown” on Late Night 
Bella Hadid Glows in a Bubblegum-Pink Set
J.Lo’s Dress Shimmers Like a Starry Night Sky
Hailey Bieber’s Party Dress Is Made of Watches
Princess Charlotte's Birthday Portrait, by Kate
Kendall Jenner’s Halter Plunges to New Depths
Florence Pugh Steps Out in Five Different Looks
Kate and William Show Rare PDA in New Photos
Dua Lipa Looks Cool In Leather Pants
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.