Twix is upping the festive beats with a Christmas bop featuring grime icon MC D Double E and presenter Nella Rose, aiming to give Mariah Carey's 'All I Want for Christmas Is You' dubbed by many Brits as the most tiresome Christmas anthem a run for its money.
According to a recent poll of 2,000 adults, a host of famous Christmas tunes have run their course, as Brits vote Justin Bieber's 'Mistletoe', Band Aid's 'Do They Know It's Christmas? and East 17's 'Stay Another Day' as some of their least favourite Christmas songs.
Yet, it seems not all holiday hits have outstayed their welcome. Wham!'s 'Last Christmas', Chris Rea's 'Driving Home for Christmas', and The Pogues' 'Fairytale of New York' remain on the top spots in the nation's Christmas playlist affections.
Nevertheless, the Fairytale of New York has also earned a spot among the most disliked, perhaps reflecting its polarising nature.
According to the research commission by Twix, 23% listen to festive music every day during the Christmas period, while some don't listen to any songs at all.
By mid-December, 20% are sick of hearing Christmas music, with 17% believing you should stop hearing festive tunes altogether by the 26th. And a third said they’ve not heard a good festive song release in years.
To mix up festive music this year, the confectionery brand has launched a 'Twixmas' track featuring grime MC D Double E and Nella Rose. It's aim is to spice up the 'Twixmas' period - the lull between Christmas and New Year's Day - with its new 'Its Twixmas Time' track.
D Double E said: "We've flipped the script on festive tracks to show you how to embrace Twixmas this year, giving people something fresh to vibe with once the big day is done."
Nella Rose chimed in: "This is the ultimate post-Christmas party anthem. We wanted to capture the magic of the Twixmas period, where you can turn up and have fun without having to go anywhere or do anything."
The Twixmas period, however, holds its own charm. As a whopping 56% confess to losing track of days during this time, with 21% often unsure about the date. Yet, this confusion doesn't dampen spirits as 33% relish the Twixmas downtime as much as Christmas Day itself.
Top Twixmas activities include chilling out), binge-watching a TV series, feasting on Christmas leftovers, and snagging deals in post-holiday sales.
More than half of those surveyed (54%) celebrate the stretch between Christmas and New Year's Eve as a distinct festivity, a sentiment shared by Twix.
Laura Boothroyd from Mars Wrigley added: “We hope that ‘It’s Twixmas Time’ will encourage everyone to embrace the simple joys at this time of year.”
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.