Keep dancing through to the most Swankified spot in town: Broadway! There’s a boom of book-based shows arriving soon
Carly Tagen-Dye is the Books editorial assistant at PEOPLE, where she writes for both print and digital platforms.
Broadway World/Shutterstock
 It’s a good time to be a theater and book lover.
Broadway’s spring season is seeing the arrival of many highly-anticipated shows, including Alicia Keys’ Hell’s Kitchen and revivals of classics like Cabaret and The Who’s rock musical Tommy. But passions converge for those who like to bring a book to keep them entertained before curtain: A number of new shows opening this season were novels first — classics and new favorites alike.
If you find yourself in New York City this spring, or need an excuse to plan a trip, consider checking out some of the literature-based musicals on stage.

Grand Central Publishing; Courtesy of THE NOTEBOOK on Broadway
 The new musical adaptation of Nicholas Sparks’ 1996 novel brings the iconic love story to the stage.
Featuring music and lyrics by singer-songwriter Ingrid Michaelson, the musical stars Jordan Tyson and John Cardoza as Young Allie and Young Noah, Joy Woods and Ryan Vasquez as Middle Allie and Middle Noah and Maryann Plunkett and Dorian Harewood as Older Allie and Older Noah. It was also a tearjerking 2004 film starring Ryan Gosling and Rachel McAdams so consider a home screening with a box of tissues before seeing the show,

 The Notebook is currently in previews at the Gerald Schoenfeld Theatre. Tickets are available at notebookmusical.com.

Algonquin Books of Chapel Hill; Playbill
 Based on Sara Gruen’s bestselling 2006 novel, the musical adaptation tells the story of a young man who finds himself joining the insular world of a traveling circus.

 The novel was also adapted into a 2011 film starring Robert Pattinson and Reese Witherspoon. Directed by Kimberly Akimbo’s Jessica Stone, the musical stars Glee and The Flash alum Grant Gustin as Jacob Jankowski and Isabelle McCalla as Marlena.

 Water for Elephants begins previews at the Imperial Theatre on Feb. 24. Tickets are available at waterforelephantsthemusical.com.

Speak; Playbill
 When S.E. Hinton’s novel about teenage greasers first published in 1967, when the author was just 18, nobody could have anticipated it becoming a classic. Since then, the book has been both studied and challenged in schools, and was turned into the 1983 film, directed by Francis Ford Coppola and starring Tom Cruise, Patrick Swayze, Rob Lowe and Emilio Estevez.
The musical adaption stars Brody Grant as Ponyboy Curtis and Sky Lakota-Lynch as Johnny Cade; Angelina Jolie also serves as a producer.
Previews begin at the Bernard B. Jacobs Theatre on March 16. Tickets are available at outsidersmusical.com.

Amazon; Playbill
 F. Scott Fitzgerald’s 1925 novel about millionaire Jay Gatsby and his romps across Long Island has long been required reading in schools, and has seen many adaptations in the decades since its publication. One of the most well-known is the 2013 film directed by Baz Luhrmann and starring Leonardo DiCaprio, Tobey Maguire and Carey Mulligan.
The upcoming musical adaptation, which had its world premiere at the Paper Mill Playhouse in 2023, stars Jeremy Jordan as Jay Gatsby and Eva Noblezada as Daisy.
The show will begin previews on March 29 at the Broadway Theatre. Tickets are available at broadwaygatsby.com.

SeaWolf Press; Playbill
 The beloved musical is returning to Broadway after a national tour last year.
The Wiz, which features an all-Black cast, originally opened on Broadway in 1975 and swept that year's Tony Awards, including the award for Best Musical. Its famous film adaption, starring Diana Ross and Michael Jackson, was released in 1978, and a television special The Wiz Live!, featuring Mary J. Blige, Queen Latifah and Amber Riley, aired on NBC in 2015. Wherever the story appeared, all are retellings of L. Frank Baum’s 1900 children’s book The Wonderful Wizard of Oz.

 The revival features material written by comedian Amber Ruffin, who co-wrote the book for the musical adaption of Some Like It Hot with Matthew López. The Wiz also stars Wayne Brady as the titular character, The Wiz, Nichelle Lewis as Dorothy, Kyle Ramar Freeman as Lion, Phillip Johnson Richardson as Tinman and Avery Wilson as Scarecrow.
Previews begin at the Marquis Theatre on March 29. Tickets are available at wizmusical.com.

William Morrow Paperbacks; Playbill
 Currently Broadway's fourth-longest running show, Wicked, which tells the origin stories of Glinda the Good Witch and Elphaba, the Wicked Witch of the West, has been onstage for 20 years and counting. The show’s current cast stars Alyssa Fox as Elphaba and McKenzie Kurtz as Glinda.
The musical is loosely based upon Gregory Maguire’s 1995 novel Wicked: The Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the West, which is also adapted from L. Frank Baum’s novel. An upcoming film adaption of the musical stars Ariana Grande as Glinda and Cynthia Erivo as Elphaba; the first part will hit movie theaters on Nov. 27.

 Never miss a story — sign up for PEOPLE's free daily newsletter to stay up-to-date on the best of what PEOPLE has to offer, from juicy celebrity news to compelling human-interest stories.
Wicked is currently playing at the Gershwin Theatre, where it has been since its premiere in October 2003. Tickets are available at wickedthemusical.com.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)