By Armando Tinoco 
Staff Writer

Ariana Grande‘s turn as Saturday Night Live guest host showcased her skill at imitating other artists.

	In a sketch on the NBC late-night show tonight, Grande gave life to Canadian singer Celine Dion.

	“Football, it is a sport that connects who we are to who we were,” Grande says as Dion. “That is why last week, I, Celine Dion, made a promo for Sunday Night Football, OK? But football isn’t the only sport that connects us to our past.”

	Grande’s Dion explains that “there is another sport whose timeless emotion ignite the bittersweet memories that live inside my soul and the octagon.”

	










	It is then revealed that Grande’s Dion is talking about UFC and dedicates a theme song called “It’s All Coming Back to Me Now.”




			Watch on Deadline		






	The song notes how violent and dangerous UFC is, with Grande’s Dion singing, “There was breaking of bones and there were knees to the balls.”

	Grande’s Dion also describes the great “memories” of the physical damage that practicing this sport does to its fighters like, “a woman in a sports bra with the tightest French braids and the flattest face, an angry man with a cauliflower ear and a sideways nose…”

	Grande, as Dion, also mocks the UFC commentators, which includes Joe Rogan, describing them as “all bald and in the shiniest of shirts.”

	“That is the beauty of the UFC,” Grande adds as violent images are shown on screen, “The tension, the skill…”

	Check out the sketch in the video above.
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.