By 

	Jordan Moreau


	Nearly a year before their much anticipated Oasis reunion tour, Noel and Liam Gallagher shared the stage for the first time together in year on “Saturday Night Live.” Well, sort of…

	James Austin Johnson and Sarah Sherman took to “Weekend Update” as the long estranged Gallagher brothers, promising host Colin Jost that they won’t break up again before their tour next year.

	“Everyone’s wondering, are you guys gonna be cool to tour a year from now?” Jost asked the Gallaghers.





	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					What an AI War on Copyright Law Could Mean for Content Creators		
			














	
		
					'House of the Dragon' Season 3 Casts Barry Sloane, Tom Cullen, Joplin Sibtain		
			








	“I’m cool if he’s cool,” Johnson’s Noel responded.

	










			Popular on Variety		






	“I’m cool, I’m cool, I’m cooler than you are,” Sherman’s Liam shot back. 

	Jost wasn’t convinced. “Great. So, that’s a no.”

	The Oasis reunion tour is already shaping up to be the biggest concert experience of 2025, with U.S. tour dates recently added and thousands of fans scrambling to nab seats online.

	“It’s not a hard no. It’s a maybe,” Sherman replied, to which Johnson started belting out the “I said maybe” lyrics of “Wonderwall.” Like classic bickering brothers, Johnson’s Noel changed the words to “if Liam doesn’t act like a baby” and the two started calling each other a “baby” and sticking their tongues out at each other.

	To Jost’s relief, the two brothers did end up agreeing on one topic: their favorite cartoon characters.

	Singer Ariana Grande hosted the episode of “Saturday Night Live” and is currently promoting “Wicked,” the first of a two-part film adaptation of the popular Broadway musical. She stars as Galinda opposite Cynthia Erivo’s Elphaba. The cast includes Michelle Yeoh, Jeff Goldblum, Jonathan Bailey, Ethan Slater, Bowen Yang, Peter Dinklage and more. It will release on Nov. 22, with “Part Two” out next year.
The Business of Entertainment