While there are many components to any great makeup routine, nothing completes your look like blush. Whether you want to add a subtle oomph to your already glowing skin or you're pull out all the stops for a night out to channel your inner Bratz doll, flushed cheeks are the way to go. The only caveat? There's a thin line between a tasteful amount of color and giving clown energy. 
Fortunately, products like the R.E.M. Beauty Hypernova Satin Matte Blush ($20) now exist, and we have Ariana Grande to thank for it. The viral blush is part of the newest collection in the singer's new makeup line that dropped in February, along with a Satin Matte Bronzer ($25) and Hydrating Matte Setting Spray ($26). 
The weightless blush is a silky powder that translates to a gorgeous, matte color on the skin with just one swipe. It also comes in eight shades, from a bright pink to a soft brown, with names like Rose on Mars and Jupiter Moon, which play into the line's celestial theme.  
Our editors have already proven that Grande's other products live up to the hype, especially the dewy foundation and brow gel and pencil. Will the blush impress us just as much? To see if you need to add the Hypernova blush to your makeup collection, three POPSUGAR editors with different skin tones put it to the test. Ahead, read their honest reviews.
"I admit: I don't have much experience with blushes since I only use them in my routine for special occasions. I usually use a bronzer around my face and add color using my lipstick or lip gloss. However, this blush melted into my skin with one swipe of a tapered brush.

I tried the shade Skinny Dipped, and it truly lives up to the promise of a matte product. Although the description says it gives a soft-focus finish, I was pleasantly surprised with how much pigment came out. It added the perfect amount of color to my cheeks without looking artificial, which works seamlessly with my go-to natural makeup look." — Naomi Parris, POPSUGAR contributor 

Rating: ★★★★★

"I'm not going to lie — I was not sure that this blush was going to be for me. To start, I'm not typically a fan of powder blush because I have dry skin and I find it often sticks to rough patches. Second, the formula is matte, and I'm all about looking as glossy as possible. One time someone said I looked like a lightbulb, and it was genuinely the best compliment I've ever received.

However, despite my early reservations, after just one application, I quickly learned that this formula was different than any other matte blush I had tested before. Although it's a powder, it glided across my skin easily, didn't cling to dry patches, and didn't leave my cheeks feeling tight after application. The pigment was also perfection; it wasn't too intense, but it was deep enough that I could see it easily. The shade I chose, Pinking of You, was perfect for faking a sun-kissed look." — Renee Rodriguez, staff writer and social producer

Rating: ★★★★★

"I love blush, but over the years I've become extremely particular with the formulas that I opt for, especially when it comes to powders. This new one from R.E.M.  Beauty is everything I need in a powder blush. It's pigmented but not overly so to the point where I'd be risking clown cheeks and it has a soft, satin-looking finish.  Plus, the colors are phenomenal. One of my favorites (and the shade I'm wearing in this picture) is Skinny Dipped, and it's the perfect rosy pink for my skin tone. I can't rave about these blushes enough."  — Ariel Baker, assistant editor, beauty

Rating: ★★★★★

Naomi Parris is a fashion contributor at POPSUGAR and has six years of experience in fashion, beauty, social media, and content creation. She formerly served as an editorial operations associate at PS, specializing in Fashion Week coverage, celebrity street style, exclusive designer interviews, and trend roundups.