Jennifer Aniston looks to be renovating her nearly £11.8 million mansion.
Aerial photos showed the actress is tearing down the backyard of Montecito mansion to remodel. Jennifer purchased the home from talk show royalty host Oprah Winfrey in September 2022 for £11.6 million. It looks like the remodeling is a pool installation. The garden as well as the staircase covered in greenery in front of the mansion was taken out to make room for the pool. Oprah had the staircase installed previously.
In the rest of the aerial shots, the backyard was just filled with dirt as the greenery was stripped bare but there were a few trees near by surrounding the property. There was also a crane by the yellow rectangular box in the middle of the space with ladders inside. The porch and the rest of the house was untouched.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US .
READ MORE: Madonna's daughter Lourdes mimics mum's iconic style in edgy ripped black dress at fashion show
The mansion is within a star-studded neighborhood filled with celebrities such as as Ariana Grande, Ellen DeGeneres, Rob Lowe and Prince Harry and Megan Markle. Oprah, the previous homeowner, obtained the home in 2021 for £8.2 million from New York hedge fund manager Fred Shuman and his wife Stephanie.
While The Friends alum bought the main house, Oprah sold the two cottages apart of the estate to her longtime personal trainer and property manager Bob Greene for £1.81 million in August.
The mansion, referred to as "Tuscan farmhouse," has four bedrooms and three-and-a-half bathrooms across 4,320 square feet. There are also multiple terraces, a motorcourt and a gated driveway covered by oak tree.
The 55-year-old also has another home in California that she purchased in 2011. She married ex-husband and actor Justin Theroux in 2015 in the Bel-Air home and mutual friend Jimmy Kimmel officiated the wedding. The two divorced in 2018 and have maintained a friendship since. In February 2018, she spoke to Architectural Digest and gave them a glimpse inside the home.
The 8,500 square-foot home was designed by famous architect A. Quincy Jones in 1965. It has four bedrooms, 6.5 baths with a pool, wine cellar and guesthouse. The house featured century furniture, terraces, Asian-inspired pocket gardens and Abstract Expressionist paintings.
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.