CNN host Anderson Cooper looked on painfully as comedian Whitney Cummings mercilessly roasted his network live on air for low ratings, and Democrats for backing President Joe Biden’s re-election bid before he dropped out.
Cummings rung in 2025 on CNN’s New Year’s Eve Live special while anchoring alongside Andy Cohen and Cooper on Tuesday night, who were subjected to some barbed personal jokes and hits on the network.
“Was that thunder?” she joked at one point as the rain came down in Times Square, quickly pivoting to a jab at Cooper’s former co-host: “I thought it was Kathy Griffin screaming at you from the street? Are you sure? I think she’s cursing.”
Cummings also teased herself while slipping in promotional details: “I thought being a mom would mean that less people want to come see me. I’m now playing, like, a 3000-seat theater, which is about the viewership of CNN these days.”
“Not this show though,” she offered, as her co-hosts laughed. “All eyes are on this show.”
After a flurry of hits throughout the night aimed at Hollywood celebrities, including Demi Moore and Ariana Grande, Cummings eventually rounded on the November election, slinging mud at Biden and Vice President Kamala Harris.
“The Democrats couldn’t hold a primary because they were too busy holding a body upright,” she said.
“Are we still rolling? Am I off?” she asked, sensing the awkward tension.
“Go for it!” Cohen laughed as co-host Cooper looked on, appearing not to react.
“It was amazing that the pro-choice party didn’t give their voters one when it came to the presidential candidate,” Cummings continued.
“Kamala was forced on us so hard, you’d think she was patented by Pfizer. or Moderna,” she jibed. “Oh God, Andy just gave me a very scary look…”
As midnight drew closer, Cummings poked fun at Cohen himself: “This is the year everyone hated the movie The Joker, but if you do love watching men descend into insanity in a couple of hours, you get to watch Andy Cohen do the countdown.”
Watch above on CNN.

Have a tip or story idea? Email us.
 Or to keep it anonymous, click here.