ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
BEVERLY HILLS, CALIFORNIA - MARCH 12: Megan Thee Stallion attends the 2023 Vanity Fair Oscar Party ... More Hosted By Radhika Jones at Wallis Annenberg Center for the Performing Arts on March 12, 2023 in Beverly Hills, California. (Photo by Leon Bennett/FilmMagic)
Megan Thee Stallion has been on a winning streak throughout 2024. The rapper, who is newly independent after leaving the label she’d been signed to for much of her career, is churning out hits left and right, making this chapter especially fruitful–and successful. The Grammy winner’s latest release has become a huge hit on one chart, and as it arrives, she breaks out of a tie with plenty of superstars and emerges as one of the most successful artists of the year.
"Wanna Be," Stallion’s collaboration with rapper GloRilla, debuts at No. 1 on the Digital Song Sales chart this week. The tune blasts in at first place on Billboard’s ranking of the tracks that actually sold the most copies in the U.S. last frame.
Stallion is now the first musician to claim more than one No. 1 on the Digital Song Sales chart this year. Before this week, 10 musicians had all landed a single winner. “Wanna Be” marks the first collaboration to rule this year, and it brings Stallion back to the summit.
So far, all of these musicians have topped the Digital Song Sales chart in 2024: Ariana Grande, Benson Boone, Beyoncé, Cardi B, Jack Harlow, Jimin, Nicki Minaj, Teddy Swims, and Tracy Chapman. Several of them, such as Beyoncé, Boone, and Swims, have controlled the ranking for more than one frame with the same cut, but until now, none of them had ruled with more than a single title.
Back in February, Stallion scored her first No. 1 on the Digital Song Sales chart of 2024. She debuted “Hiss” not only on top of this purchase-only roster, but also in first place on the Hot 100. “Hiss” arrived with more than 100,000 pure purchases, as it was spurred at the time by a feud between Stallion and Minaj.
“Wanna Be” launches on top of the sales ranking with 16,000 copies sold, according to Luminate. That puts it more than 3,000 copies ahead of the runner-up, Boone’s “Beautiful Things.”
Stallion and GloRilla nearly debuted “Wanna Be” inside the top 10 on the Hot 100 this week, but they just barely miss that mark. Their joint single instead launches at No. 11 on that all-important tally. The song fronts GloRilla’s new project Ehhthang Ehhthang, which starts inside the top 20 on the Billboard 200.