Stomping through puddles, and battling through rain, determined Figen Murray didn’t let the weather stop her as she prepared for the walk of a lifetime.
Now as she sets off her 200-mile journey from Manchester Arena to 10 Downing Street, the mum-of-five is ready for whatever comes her way. Seven years ago, she lost her 29-year-old son Martyn Hett in the Manchester Arena bombing on May 22, 2017. She is campaigning for tougher security measures at public venues in a bid to stop another terror attack.
Figen, 63, started her walk, alongside her husband Stuart, 57, from the exact spot where her son died. She knows it will be a tough task as she battles the elements, covering between 12 to 15 miles across seven hours a day. But she says the pain will be worth it to get a response from Prime Minister Rishi Sunak.
Speaking to the Mirror before embarking on the journey of a lifetime, Figen, bursting with strength, says: “It’s really touching that people are here. I’m raring to go”.
As she takes her first few steps outside the arena, Figen, dressed in all the gear, is met with cheers against a backdrop of bright clouds with sunshine peeping through.
As she strides across the city, hand in hand with Stuart, the excitement in the air is palpable as the prospect of real change looks to be on the horizon. They circle the Glade of Light memorial at Manchester Cathedral before waving farewell to onlookers.
It’s a full circle moment for the mum, who was given an OBE for her counter-terrorism work, starting just four metres from where Islamist terrorist Salman Abedi blew himself up at the Ariana Grande concert.
On what Martyn would think, she says: “He would be touched I'm starting it here where he died. He would smile at his little mother doing this task and he would be proud.”
Ahead of starting her trek, the foyer filled with silence as she read the long list of 22 names. Former National Counter Terrorism Co-ordinator Nick Aldworth, and Brendan Cox, husband of murdered MP Jo Cox, joined her at the launch.
Armed with plasters and painkillers, Figen and her husband will walk for up to seven hours a day, joined at times on their protest march by other family members and supporters along the way.
Heartbreakingly, she’ll be using a rucksack she gave to Martyn to use on a backpacking trip he never got to go on, so it “feels like I’m carrying a little bit of him with me.” She added: “We knew it would be hard work, we’ve had the blisters and I have pain every night but I’m OK with it as I know it’s just for a few weeks. What will keep us going is many people joining us along the way.
She added: “I shouldn’t have to campaign. What can be more important for any government than to keep its citizens safe? Yet, for some reason, they’re not in a hurry.”
Her arrival in London on May 22 will coincide with the date of the terror attack.
“I’m going to look Rishi Sunak in the eyes and ask him what his problem is with this legislation,” she says. “I’m going to ask him directly, ‘Why is this not happening?’ We’re nearly at the seventh anniversary, I can barely remember Martyn’s voice. How has it not happened yet? It’s no longer acceptable.
“This is for everyone’s safety - for us, it might be too late but I don’t want anyone else to lose their child.”
She added: “I said five years ago ‘If nothing happens I’ll walk to London’. I said it five years ago and I can’t believe I’m now having to do it. My husband is coming because he’s a massive support and I couldn’t have done this without him. Also, he’s a doctor and we need medical support. He’ll be packing plasters and paracetamol!”
The determined mum is campaigning for the government to introduce Martyn’s Law - which calls for venues to take more steps to keep the public safe.
It would require authorities to have proactive action plans against terror attacks, including staff having counter-terror training, and, in some cases, additional electronic security measures such as metal detectors.
Twenty-two people died - aged between eight and 51 - and 1,017 were injured in the horror blast.
Eighteen months after the attack, Figen was horrified to discover security measures hadn’t changed at many public venues when she attended a gig and no one even looked in her bag. She felt like the 22 people who died that night had been forgotten.
“I was shocked to discover that a lot of security measures are optional. Venues have to have a certain number of toilets, fire escapes and adhere to food regulations - but there’s nothing for security. I couldn’t deal with it.”
There have been 15 terror attacks in the UK since the horror of the Manchester Arena bombing in 2017 - not to mention more than 41 near misses where forces have managed to foil attacks just in time.
But despite the fact the UK’s terrorism risk is severe - Figen says security at entertainment venues across the UK isn’t up to standard. Martyn’s Law will require entertainment venues to improve their security and staff training which could prevent further atrocities from robbing innocent lives.
While there’s an air of frustration in Figen’s voice, she’s keen to point out that she’s not angry, just sad.
At a park across from her house, she has scattered ashes by an exotic Ginko Biloba tree planted in Martyn’s memory.
Each morning and evening, she mulls over her day and enjoys a cup of tea as she gazes over at the shrub, one of the oldest living tree species in the world, in a ritual that delivers great comfort.
“The last time I saw him was the day before he died,” Figen remembers as she flicks through photos at her Manchester home, ahead of the walk, and she reminisces about her son who was larger than life.
“I gave him a hug and a kiss and told him I’d see him on Wednesday because I was taking him to the airport. He was in high spirits and looking forward to his two-month backpacking trip around America.
“He lived his life to the full - It’s almost as if he knew his time on earth was limited. He always said he wouldn’t live to see his 30th birthday and was going to die a spectacular death.”
Impulsive, loving and kind, Figen will never forget how much her son Martyn made her laugh pranking her at any given moment.
“Martyn was mad as a hatter and I would often be the butt of his jokes,” she smiles. “He was just one of those people who enjoyed every moment of his life and lived it at 100 miles an hour.
“He was mischievous and impulsive and always had us in stitches - one time he had a blind date in Rome and went all the way there but his date didn’t turn up. What made it even worse was that he lost his wallet.”
Almost seven years after his life ended so abruptly, Martyn is remembered fondly, not just by his family, but also by the friends he made wherever he went.
Strangers remember seeing him at the Ariana Grande concert that night because he lit up the room with his boundless energy and lust for life.
Out of the thousands of messages of support she received, Figen remembers one which said they’ll never forget being behind Martyn at the arena that night because their young daughter was more focused on him than Ariana Grande.
At the gig, videos show Martyn was having the time of his life as he sang along to the American pop star with a glass of red wine in hand.
The Coronation Street superfan had stopped in the foyer to chat with two teenage girls who’d spotted his Deirdre Barlow tattoo emblazoned on his leg just before the bomb went off at 10:31pm.
It meant he was just four feet away from the suicide bomber when he detonated his explosive.
While Salman Abedi died in the explosion, his brother Hashem Abedi is serving life in prison, with a minimum term of 55 years, after being found jointly responsible for murdering the 22 victims.
As many families remain understandably angry, Figen says she has found a way to forgive Salman.
“I remember reading after that shortly after the attack islamophobia soared 300 percent in Manchester. I want to break the cycle of hate.”
“A lot of the other families at the public inquiry were really angry and whereas I understand that, I feel sad. It’s a sadness that will always be with me.
“But I had to forgive him. Had I given into anger - my other four children would have lost their mother as well.
“I still need to function as a mum, grandma and wife.”
Behind them every step of the way is Greater Manchester Mayor Andy Burnham, who says the proposed law is above party politics. “The best legacy would be to have a law that changes the safety of venues right across this country. That is what should be done,” he says to the crowd.
Calling Figen the most resilient person he knows, he thanked her for leading the change on behalf of Manchester and the rest of the country. “Every single person in this city is behind you,” he adds. “I know you will get there and we will have Martyn’s Law not before too long.
“We will get to a point where every single venue is safer and therefore everyone has peace of mind as a result.”
The Mirror's Saffron was at the start line with Figen, ready to take the first steps of the epic 200-mile walk with her.
She writes: "As we set off from Manchester Arena, the mood is sombre but jubilant. When the determined mum takes her first strides at pace, she is met with optimistic cheer.
"Walking alongside them, the excitement in the air is palpable as the prospect of real change looks to be on the horizon. Hand in hand with her ‘rock’ husband Stuart, Figen is rearing to go, with the support of her entourage, made up of family and friends, walking right behind her.
"With each step, their heavy loss weighs down on them, but as we make it out of Victoria Station, the sun beams down. We powerfully march on to Manchester Cathedral where they circle the Glade of Light memorial, taking a moment to reflect. The trek isn’t just for Martyn, but it’s for all the 22 victims and the city who will never forget them, and for the safety of the rest of the UK. As they wave goodbye to us, Figen looks up and smiles, as Stuart cheerfully shouts, “See you in London!”"
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.