Glass hair, glazed blush and dewy skin are all set to be huge beauty trends in 2024, and the  latest beauty box from LookFantastic  contains everything you need to nail the looks without breaking the bank. The  Trending Beauty Edit is worth over £120, but shoppers can get their hands on it for £40,  here. 
 From skincare staples and makeup must-haves, this edit has been specially curated to contain viral sensations and beauty products everyone’s talking about, with brands such as  Elemis, Glow Hub and Drunk Elephant  to name but a few. 
The 10-piece collection has a value of £121.07 and includes seven full-size products, plus three deluxe size products - one of which is worth £29 alone.
 READ MORE: Shoppers can get Molly-Mae Hague’s favourite toner free with this Boots deal 
The ‘refreshing’ four-in-one mist hydrates, tones, primes, and sets makeup and leaves skin ‘glowing’ with one shopper describing it as ‘liquid gold’. The soothing formula contains aloe vera, alongside probiotic and balancing kefir ferment extract and antioxidant-rich rooibos extract.
 Priced at  £29 on the Elemis website,  it’s racked up hundreds of five star reviews and - get this - zero one star ratings. One said: “Very refreshing and hydrating for the face. I’ve given almost all my other facial mist away. This takes care of physical boost for skin and has spa aromatherapy.” 
“I purchased this item after an Elemis facial where superfood products were used,” wrote another. “The smell is heavenly! I apply this on top of pro collagen moisture essence and marine cream and it’s given a new lease of life to my makeup and glowy skin, great price too!”
A third added: “Liquid GOLD! I spray it on after my moisturiser before foundation. Face illuminated.” But one two-star reviewer said: “A new sprayer needs to be developed that is more directional. Also I don't like the fragrance of this spray.”
 But it’s not the only high-value product included in the haul, with the Tan-Luxe Instant Hero,  £24 here,  also featured, already surpassing the price you pay for the box in just two products, making the remaining eight free. Alternatively, you could divide the price of the box by the number of products, meaning  each item inside would be £4. 
 Here’s everything inside the  LookFantastic Trending Beauty Edit: 
ELEMIS Superfood Multi Mist | Full-Size | Worth £29
Tan-Luxe Instant Hero: Instant Tan | Full-Size | Worth £24
Sol De Janeiro Cheirosa 68 Fragrance Mist | Deluxe Size | Worth £12
Glow Hub Buff Blush Stick in Pinched | Full-Size | Worth £12
Morphe Bake and Set Powder in Translucent | Full-Size | Worth £12
Beauty Works 10 in 1 Miracle Heat Protect Spray | Full-Size | Worth £11.99
The INKEY List Hyaluronic Acid Serum | Full-Size | Worth £7.99
invisibobble ORIGINAL (3pc) in Brown | Full-Size | Worth £5.99
Drunk Elephant Lala Retro Whipped Cream | Deluxe Size | Worth £5.80
Bioderma Sensibo H2O Micellar Water | Deluxe Size | Worth £1.30
 If you’re keen to tap into the latest trending brands, Boots has also launched a  £45 New and Trending box worth £145. Nine of the products are full sized with the remaining five being deluxe samples, including the latest mascara launch from No7, an eye shadow from Ariana Grande’s beauty brand, the newest body butter from Sol de Janeiro and more. 
 While some beauty boxes offer a selection of different brands, others allow you to try out a range of products from the same brand, for a fraction of the price compared to the RRP. This  edit from Cult Beauty is perfect for fans of Paula’s Choice, or those who are interested in trying the brand at a lower cost. 
 But if you want to get your hands on a mix of brands and products that will help you achieve flawless skin and luscious locks this spring, you can pick up the  LookFantastic Trending Beauty Edit for £40 here. Plus anyone who is a subscriber to The Box will also be able to get £10 off, making it even more of a bargain.