Expert-picked Mother's Day gifts for every type of mom, from $15
Sections
Shows
More
Follow today
More Brands
The story of love and friendship between two legendary witches in “Wicked” inspires real-life tears, both on and off the screen.
The upcoming film, set to hit theaters Nov. 22, is the first of a two-part release and focuses on the relationship between Elphaba (Cynthia Erivo) and Glinda (Ariana Grande) — sorry, Galinda — during their time at Shiz University. 
During one scene, "there was not a dry eye" in the audience, Hoda Kotb told Erivo and Grande in an interview that aired on TODAY Nov. 14.
The party scene, set at the Ozdust Ballroom, marks a turning point for Erivo and Grande's characters' friendship, after Elphaba is the subject of ridicule. Filming the moment was just as emotional as watching it, Erivo said.
“It was a really big day,” Erivo said. “Sometimes painful. Sometimes joyous. It took a lot of heart because everything is out there for everyone to see. It’s a very vulnerable space to walk into.”
Elphaba and Glinda perform an emotionally-charged dance sequence during the ballroom scene. Erivo told Hoda and Savannah Guthrie that the cast provided a “wall of protection” during that moment.
"I’m so grateful to have been able to do that and walk through any of the little wounds that I have, and the little wounds that Elphaba has, and to sort of put everything on display,” Erivo said. 
Grande explained that the scene in the movie lasts 10 minutes, and each time they filmed it, the scene was performed in full. During each take of that "12-hour day," Grande said, “you could hear a pin drop.”
 “Every (supporting actor) in the room ... every dancer, everyone was holding it with us,” Grande said. “And I think all of our hearts are still in that room a little bit.” 
When the "extraordinary day" wrapped, Grande, director Jon M. Chu and producer Marc Platt "just surrounded Cynthia," she said.
"We were just hugging her and saying, ‘I think it’s time for bed,'" Grande said.
To play Elphaba, Erivo said she had to learn to wear her vulnerabilities on her sleeve, a contrast to her typical “caretaker” role in real life.
“All of (Elphaba's) vulnerabilities kind of needed to be on the outside — it’s what she leads with,” Erivo said. “Even though there’s sort of a thin veneer holding it together and assurance, there’s still this feeling of not really being sure, not really knowing herself.”
In order to be present and vulnerable, Erivo and Grande discussed "taking care of each other" before filming.
“We had never met before this. And then when we found out we were cast, we took some time together, sat on my floor in my house, chatted. And it was easy,” Erivo said of their first time meeting.
“And we did have a very real conversation at the very beginning about taking care of each other,” Grande added. “And if something’s up, tell me.” 
The two said they came to an agreement: “If something is going on in your world that is taking up too much space on a big day, like every day on this set, I can hold some of that for you, with you, and vice versa," Grande explained.
"We wanted to just — ," Grande added, before Erivo finished the sentence.
" — Be there for each other," she said. "Make space for each other." 
Becca Wood is a news and trending reporter for TODAY Digital based in New York City. Follow her on Instagram and Twitter.
© 2025 NBCUniversal Media, LLCApple®, Apple logo® and App Store® are registered trademarks of Apple Inc.