Oh to bottle up the way Sabrina Carpenter's "Espresso" made me feel last summer. The radio domination! The endless memes! Me neurotically murmuring the track's nonsense chorus all day: "That's that me espresso." (I'm still trying to unpack whatever that line means.) Alas, as summer 2024's unofficial anthem, not only did the ballad top my Spotify Wrapped reports, it also accompanied some of my fondest memories from last year.

Now, Carpenter is helping nostalgia-starved fans tap into memories inspired by the hit song with a perfume that pays homage to its caffeine-infused roots. Scent Beauty's Me Espresso Eau de Parfum ($60) is the latest in a long line of fragrance collaborations between the pop star and perfume brand, though I'd argue this launch might be their most decadent to date. 

Much like her "Espresso" song, Carpenter's Espresso Perfume plays into a sweet yet sultry vibe, with rich notes like cocoa powder and espresso bean that are so evocative, they'll have you feeling like you were steeped in a pool of Italian dark roast. Ahead, I break down what this new Sabrina Carpenter perfume smells like, how it compares to other celebrity fragrances, and why the mocha mousse color trend might hint at it being 2025's hottest scent.

Given that my fragrance preferences tend to lean toward notes like smoky vanilla or sandalwood, I was admittedly skeptical before trying this Scent Beauty perfume. I've always found that caffeine- or food-scented fragrances bordered between being delicious and downright tacky; hence why I was so surprised to find that this pop star-approved perfume smells... rather delightful. While it's infused with decadent notes like cocoa powder and espresso bean, the scent is heavy on its jasmine fragrance (a welcome surprise) while lighter fragrances like vanilla and amber help to balance the aroma out. 

Carpenter's perfume is sweet without being overwhelming, with a balminess that reminds me of a powdery, brown-sugar latte as opposed to a stark espresso scent. While I'm less of an expert on fragrance-layering, other shoppers — namely reviewers on Scent Beauty's site — also claim that it's a fantastic perfume to layer with other scents. One user even wrote: "I love wearing it by itself but I sprayed a lavender vanilla body spray on top and it was heavenly! Like a vanilla lavender latte!" 

Another thing that I really appreciate about this espresso perfume is its long-lasting scent. A little goes a long way: I usually only need a spritz or two on my wrists and neck in order to really lock in the fragrance, then I'm good for the rest of the day. I've also received endless compliments since I started wearing the perfume, many coming hours after I first sprayed it — another testament to its longevity. Plus, with the mocha mousse color trend predicted to dominate 2025, I'm convinced this espresso perfume might wind up being the year's hottest fragrance.

As far as celebrity perfumes go, this fragrance is pricier than some other market options (for example, Ariana Grande's Cloud Perfume and Kylie Jenner's Kylie Fragrance retail for about $48). But based off of its unique scent and long-lasting smell, I'd say that it's worth the price. If you're in the market for something more affordable, you can shop out other celebrity perfumes or fragrances with similar espresso scents. 
This celebrity perfume is available to shop at Scent Beauty. 
Rating: ★★★★★ 
Kyley Warren (she/her) is an award-winning writer, editor, and affiliate strategist with more than four years of experience in the publishing space. She currently works as an assistant editor on PS Shopping and is an expert on all things related to shopping and fashion. She previously worked with Entertainment Tonight as a style commerce writer, and her byline has appeared in publications globally.