By AMELIA WYNNE FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  01:46, 15 August 2024   |  Updated:  13:29, 15 August 2024   
 22
View  comments
Taylor Swift's Eras Tour shows at Wembley will be about unity, love and bringing fans together, according to a new report.
It has been a difficult time for the Blank Space songstress, 34, who was forced to cancel three gigs in Vienna this month due to a foiled terror plot, shortly after three young girls were murdered at a Taylor Swift themed dance class in Southport, Merseyside. 
Wembley will mark Taylor's first show since both incidents which have no doubt been hard for her to navigate.
But a source has now told The Sun how she will be putting on the 'best show of her life' for the next five nights in London.
An insider told the publication: 'Everything Taylor does is for her fans and she will be putting on the best show of her life when she returns to Wembley.
Taylor Swift's Eras Tour shows at Wembley will be about unity, love and bringing fans together, according to a new report
It has been a difficult time for the Blank Space songstress, 34, who was forced to cancel three gigs in Vienna this month due to a foiled terror plot 
'Hate never wins and Taylor absolutely stands for that. Her shows are about love, unity and acceptance, and this is a message she will always want to convey.'
Taylor will also reportedly be joined on stage at Wembley by pal Ed Sheeran on Thursday.
Taylor was due to perform in front of an estimated 170,000 fans on August 8, 9, and 10 at Vienna's Ernst-Happel-Stadion, which was set to be reinforced with more security measures before the three shows were cancelled.
'Taylor has been devastated by this. She is devastated for the fans who have been waiting for years to see her,' an insider told The Mirror, in the first indication of Swift's reaction following the news.
'But the thought of what could have happened if the concerts had been targeted by a terror attack is horrifying, and she would never risk the safety of her fans.
'The memory of what happened at Ariana Grande's concert in Manchester is still very vivid in everyone's minds. But she has told her team that she wants to try to return to Vienna as soon as possible in the future. She is very conscious of how disappointed her fans in Austria are.'
The hitmaker has not made any public statements since the alleged plot was uncovered.
The arrest of a third suspect was announced last week.
Wembley will mark Taylor's first show since both incidents which have no doubt been hard for her to navigate 
Taylor will also reportedly be joined on stage at Wembley by pal Ed Sheeran on Thursday for the first of five shows 
Taylor was due to perform in front of an estimated 170,000 fans on August 8, 9, and 10 at Vienna's Ernst-Happel-Stadion (pictured) before the three shows were cancelled 
The teen, like the two others arrested earlier, was reportedly radicalised by the Afghanistan-based ISIS-K. 
Police say the main suspect, a 19-year-old man, planned to attack the tens of thousands of Swifties who gathered outside the Ernst Happel Stadium, with knives and machetes.
The suspect, allegedly put together explosives as well in order to 'kill as many people as possible,' officials said.
'The group is considered the greatest external terrorist threat to the continent,' claimed UN undersecretary for counterterrorism Vladimir Vorokov, who said the group had increased its recruitment efforts on the continent, according to ABC News.
The hitmaker previously posted an emotional message after a knife attack at a dance class themed around her songs which left three children dead and six others critical.
A 17-year-old boy remains in custody accused of murder and attempted murder and is being questioned following the incident in Southport, Merseyside.
Eight other children were injured with five of them - aged between six and 11 -  in a critical condition alongside two female adults who 'bravely tried to protect them'.
The hitmaker previously posted an emotional message after a knife attack at a dance class themed around her songs which left three children dead and six others critical 
The American singer wrote on Instagram: 'The horror of yesterday's attack in Southport is washing over me continuously and I'm just completely in shock.
'The loss of life and innocence, and the horrendous trauma inflicted on everyone who was there, the families, and first responders. 
'These were just little kids at a dance class. I am at a complete loss for how to ever convey my sympathies to these families.'
A JustGiving page - set up by Taylor Swift fans - has raised thousands to help families affected by the tragedy and pay for the two funerals.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group