Written by: Joel Campbell
Wicked Director says he hopes people 'feel' what the popular production is about 
ELPHEBA, THE character played by Emmy, Grammy and Tony winning powerhouse and Oscar® nominee Cynthia Erivo, isn’t wicked at all, a bit awkward maybe, but far from wicked.
Broken down in a simplistic way it’s very obvious who the villain of the piece is here, but there’s a subtle more complex layer at play in Wicked, the first chapter of a two-part immersive, cultural celebration. 
The Jon M. Chu directed movie is the perfect combination of seasonal escapism accompanied with a slice of moralistic reflection.
So, who is actually wicked in this globally loved production? Is it the observed or the observers?
With her ‘Cynthia Erivo green’ skin (it’s officially named after the actor as it was a bespoke colour developed specifically for her) it’s very obvious how Elpheba, has been painted the antihero, as she’s, well, different to everyone else.
We don’t quite get into how she is as different as she finds herself (part two is scheduled to arrive in theaters in November next year) but we do go on her journey of growth and self discovery.
Speaking with Chu about whether the narrative was easier to receive, more palatable to digest and empathise with, when the character was green, as opposed to just Black, he said: “Isn’t that interesting, just the question?
“Isn’t it interesting that sometimes we need a fairy tale to get access to people to get them to actually care about another person? Isn’t it interesting that Cynthia Erivo, one of the very few people to play Elpheba is coming in here and how she says words just feel different and we can say it’s from many different things in her life being also a minority in an industry that is dominated … To me the otherness has always been there.”
He added: “It actually means it’s really relatable too. A lot of people can feel othered in many different ways. Your gender, your height. I used to drive onto the studio lot and they would say ‘oh, deliveries are over there’.
“But what I love about cinema is, it’s a way to reach many people all around the world, where they put down their phones, pay money for something they think is valuable, sit in the dark with strangers and experience life through someone else’s eyes.
“It’s the only medium where we have someone’s total focus to do that.
“And so when you have Cynthia Erivo and Ariana Grande walking people through what it feels like to be green or to live in a bubble I think that can be very powerful and maybe words don’t need to be said about how that feels, but we hope that people get to experience it at the highest level.”
Watch the full interview with Chu below.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Δ
The Voice Newspaper is committed to celebrating black excellence, campaigning for positive change and informing the black community on important issues. Your financial contributions are essential to protect the future of the publication as we strive to help raise the profile of the black communities across the UK. Any size donation is welcome and we thank you for your continued support.
The Voice Newspaper is committed to celebrating black excellence, campaigning for positive change and informing the black community on important issues. Your financial contributions are essential to protect the future of the publication as we strive to help raise the profile of the black communities across the UK. Any size donation is welcome and we thank you for your continued support.
ENTWURF: Design & Build 
Copyright 2025 © GV Media Group Ltd. All rights reserved.