LBC




                
                    Daniel Barnett
                
                

9pm - 10pm


                        
                            News
                            



Daniel Barnett is Leading Britain's Conversation.

        Use the LBC app to listen to live radio for LBC & LBC News
    


            Listen
        

8 August 2024, 19:48 | Updated: 8 August 2024, 20:17

        
            By Flaminia Luck
        
    
Taylor Swift's upcoming shows at London's Wembley stadium will not be impacted by recent events in Vienna.
Her three dates in the Austrian capital were due to start tonight but were all cancelled following a security threat.
Police arrested three men and explosives were found at the home of one of them.
However, the Met Police says there is nothing to indicate the concerts next week will be affected.
The music megastar is concluding the European leg of her record-breaking Eras Tours with five sell-out shows at the stadium.
London Mayor Sadiq Khan says the UK's capital will "carry on" with hosting Swift's concerts at Wembley this month following the prevention of the planned terrorist attack.
This came afer policing minister Diana Johnson said Scotland Yard will look at "all the intelligence" ahead of the singer's five dates between Thursday August 15 and Tuesday August 20. 
Mr Khan told Sky News on Thursday that London is "looking forward to welcoming Taylor Swift back" as the capital is "an international city" that regularly hosts major events. 
He added: "We have a huge amount of experience in policing these events, we're never complacent, many lessons were learned after the awful Manchester Arena attack.
"The police work closely, not just with City Hall, but with councils, but also with those who host concerts, like the Taylor Swift concert coming up over the next couple of weeks."
A source has told The Mirror: "Taylor has been devastated by this. She is devastated for the fans who have been waiting for years to see her.
"But the thought of what could have happened if the concerts had been targeted by a terror attack is horrifying, and she would never risk the safety of her fans.
"The source added: "The memory of what happened at Ariana Grande's concert in Manchester is still very vivid in everyone's minds. 
"But she has told her team that she wants to try to return to Vienna as soon as possible in the future. She is very conscious of how disappointed her fans in Austria are."
Read more: Taylor Swift 'devastated' over Vienna show cancellations after 'ISIS terror plot' uncovered
Read more: Sarah Ferguson rejects Strictly Come Dancing offer with brutal reply
Chemical ingredients consistent with those to make bombs have been found at the home of a 19-year-old suspect, Austria's director of public security has said.
Franz Ruf added that "technical devices" were also found at the teen's home. The suspect was arrested in Ternitz, south of Vienna, and the second person in the capital.
Approximately 65,000 fans were expected to attend the upcoming gigs at the Ernst Happel stadium.
See more More Latest News
See more Latest News
See more The News Explained
See more Royals
See more Highlights & Opinion
See more More Topics