Various realms of the music industry are brought together in Charli XCX’s remix album, “Brat, and it’s completely different but also still brat,” released on Oct. 11.  The album features numerous artists — ranging in genres from indie tunes to emo rap all fused in an astonishing reconstruction of Charli XCX’s sixth studio album, “Brat.” 
The album features Robyn, Yung Lean, Bb trickz, Ariana Grande, Jon Hopkins, Troye Sivan, Addison Rae, Caroline Polachek, Bladee, A. G. Cook, Lorde, The Japanese House, Tinashe, Julian Casablancas, Bon Iver, Shy Girl, Billie Eilish and Kesha. 
The album is not a straightforward remix project, rather, it reimagines several of Charli XCX’s tracks from the ground up by adding guest lines and altering some beats and lyrics —  leaving many tracks nearly unrecognizable from their initial renditions. 
In addition to providing star power, the guest appearances on “Brat, and it’s completely different but also still brat,” are essential to the emotional depth of the record. The gravity of feeling and perspective that the various features bring sets the album apart from the original — despite sharing some of the same beats and lyrics. 
“B2b featuring tinashe” is a clear example as it keeps the essential components of “B2b” that made it hit-worthy; however, the unique singing style and lyrical contributions of Tinashe add complexity to the original song. 
Tinashe, an R&B singer, writer and dancer, has hustled for more than a decade in the music industry. “B2b featuring tinashe” discusses the pressure many artists struggle with in the music industry when trying to find a balance between maintaining their success in work while having a life beyond their artistry. Tinashe not only brings vocals to the song but also a female perspective on the music industry. 
Ariana Grande on “Sympathy is a knife featuring ariana grande” adds to the conversation Charli XCX started in the original song “Sympathy is a knife” about the battles women in the music industry face because of the media. Grande furthers this discussion in a new verse where she shares that she has dealt with many problems being a woman in the industry since she was young — including the media breaking down her body and comparing her looks over the years.  
“360 featuring robyn and yung lean” featured pop sensation Robyn, who is well-known for her avant-garde work, and Yung Lean, a Swedish rapper. The artists contribute to the song by adding new lyrics and variations in tones to the original EDM beat. 
“Apple featuring the japanese house” is another powerful reconstruction. The song transitions from hyperpop into an indie soundscape. The revamped instrumentation and The Japanese House’s ethereal vocals combine to create a mood of reflection.  Charli XCX contributes via soft supporting vocals while The Japanese House takes on the vast majority of vocals and displays her remarkable range. 
“Talk talk featuring troye sivan” is a noteworthy track with not only Troye Sivan’s feature on the song but also Dua Lipa — appearing with Spanish and French verses. The various languages and artistic styles in the song all blend to create a beautiful soundscape and showcase how diversity in music can come together to create a work of art. 
Bon Iver is renowned for his experimental and folk sound. His role in “Brat and it’s completely different but also still brat” is a masterful junction of indie and pop. Iver’s unique style revolutionizes what it means to make expressive music. “I think about it all the time featuring bon iver” pushes the boundaries of the genre while enhancing Charli XCX’s pop sensibility.
“365 featuring shy girl” is a great partnership. Shygirl, a performer acclaimed for her audacious demeanor and genre-defying sound, fits with Charli XCX’s whose work has been extensive in discussing youth and rebellion. Sharp synths and throbbing beats define the production of the song. Shygirl’s self-assured and powerful performance gives the song an air of unreserved freedom. 
Shygirl’s feature on “Brat and it’s completely different but also still brat” enhances the album’s themes of self-assertion and rebellion while many of the other songs on the album tackle the more vulnerable side of being an “it-girl.” Shygirl’s contribution reminds listeners that embracing one’s desires and going against social standards can be empowerment. 
Charli XCX dropped “Spring breakers featuring Kesha,” a day after the release of “​​Brat and it’s the same but there’s three more songs so it’s not.” Fans of both musicians were ecstatic about this collaboration .  “Hello goodbye” is now the only song not remixed on “​​Brat and it’s the same but there’s three more songs so it’s no.t” 
“Brat and it’s completely different but also still brat” is a daring remix experimentation.  Charli XCX bridges genres and expands the definition of pop music. The album’s ability to preserve each artist’s unique sound while maintaining the “Brat” lens is profound and distinctive.  
Due to the unique viewpoint and style of each artist, the record encapsulates a wide range of emotions — from vulnerability to empowerment. The album is a hit among listeners and proves the value of teamwork and the ability of different voices to produce revolutionary work. 
 Cancel reply
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email *