Survivors of the Manchester Arena bombing have instigated legal action against MI5, it has been confirmed. Lawyers representing more than 250 people caught up in the atrocity at the Ariana Grande concert on May 22, 2017 say they have submitted a claim.
In a joint statement, Hudgell Solicitors, Slater & Gordon and Broudie Jackson Canter, the three lead firms representing the group said: "Legal teams representing injured survivors of the Manchester Arena bombing in 2017 can confirm that they have collectively submitted a group claim on behalf of more than 250 clients to the Investigatory Powers Tribunal.
"As it is an ongoing legal matter, we are unable or provide any further details, or comment further, at this stage."
READ MORE: "Who wants my ex?": The vile websites where intimate images of women from Manchester are shared
The Investigatory Powers Tribunal is an independent judicial body which provides right of redress to anyone who believes they have been the victim of unlawful action by a public authority using covert investigative techniques.
M15 said as there were ongoing legal proceedings, they were unable to comment.
In March last year, the agency's Director general Ken McCallum expressed “deep regret” that intelligence was not gathered which may have stopped suicide bomber Salman Abedi in his tracks, as he said he was “profoundly sorry” that MI5 was unable to prevent the 2017 attack which killed 22 people and left hundreds more injured.
The public inquiry found the bombing might have been prevented if MI5 had acted on intelligence received in the months before the attack when two pieces of information about Abedi were assessed at the time by the security service to not relate to terrorism.
But inquiry chairman Sir John Saunders said, having heard from MI5 witnesses at secret hearings, he considered that did not present an “accurate picture."
Join our WhatsApp Top Stories and Breaking News group by clicking this link
In the wake of the findings, Mr McCallum made a rare public statement in which he apologised for the failings identified and insisted improvements had been made.
He said: “Having examined all the evidence, the chair of the inquiry has found that ‘there was a realistic possibility that actionable intelligence could have been obtained which might have led to actions preventing the attack.’
“I deeply regret that such intelligence was not obtained. Gathering covert intelligence is difficult – but had we managed to seize the slim chance we had, those impacted might not have experienced such appalling loss and trauma. I am profoundly sorry that MI5 did not prevent the attack.”
The identities of any of those involved in the group action are not yet known. However last Spring, the father of the youngest victim of the bombing has said he intended to sue MI5 as it has “most of the blame” for the attack.
Andrew Roussos, the father of Saffie Roussos, who aged eight was the youngest of those killed in the attack, said he had instructed solicitors to look into suing the security service.
Mr Roussos’ solicitors, Broudie Jackson Canter, said they were looking at a possible High Court claim which would rest upon Article 2 of the Human Rights Act, which protects the right to life.
Mr Roussos said at the time: “It’s the only way to learn, everybody learns by hitting them hard in the pocket, I am sorry to say. At 2017 we were at the highest alert and everybody was warned of an attack in this country and MI5 who their sole job, they are well-funded and well-equipped, had 22 pieces of information about Salman Abedi.
“So if they would have learnt lessons they wouldn’t have allowed Abedi to walk into that arena. So yes MI5 have, for me, most of the blame.”
Try MEN Premium now for FREE...just click here to give it a go.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.