The star is seen lip syncing along to "Yes, And?" while posing on TikTok.

													By
												

	Rania Aniftos


	Lady Gaga’s Haus Labs is fresh off the release of their new lip plumping gloss, PhD Hybrid Lip Glaze, and what better way to show off the new product than on Mother Monster herself?






	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Ariana Grande		
					






















	
		
					Lady Gaga		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	The “Poker Face” superstar took to TikTok to pose in a sleek “clean girl” makeup look, keeping it fresh and simple with mascara, bros and full lips using the shade “Honey Glaze.” She also pulled back her hair into a ponytail, reminiscent of her “Rain on Me” collaborator Ariana Grande. “When you’re done w/ your makeup and you know it’s good,” Gaga captioned the post, lip syncing along to Grande’s Hot 100 chart topper “Yes, And?”

	












	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Mase Wants Fans to Vote If He Should Attend Diddy's Trial		
	



	05/02/2025	







	See the post here.




			Trending on Billboard		






	Besides her Haus Labs launches, Gaga got fans buzzing last month by sharing a photo set of herself to Instagram in a dimly-lit music studio, posing by the microphone in an oversized striped sweater, chunky black heeled boots and sunglasses. She captioned the post with a black heart and music notes emojis, confirming that she’s working on new music.

	In June, the superstar teased that she’s working hard on numerous artistic projects, including an edit for a movie based on her 2022 headlining concert tour. “I prepared for months developing my character for Joker, I filmed [Joker: Folie à Deux] for many months (a very introspective time),” Gaga wrote in a lengthy message. “I have been running my start-up Haus Labs, doing philanthropic work, and additionally have been working on The Chromatica Ball film edit.”
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.