Let's have a celebration the Nonna Grande way!
 Wicked isn't just the number one movie in America, it brings families together.

 Ariana Grande shared a sweet video to her Instagram on Monday, depicting Glinda the Good Witch herself watching the film at a theater in her hometown of Boca Raton, Florida, with her grandmother. "Flew to Boca for a day to watch with Nonna," read a caption on one of her Stories. "At the movie theater I grew up going to every weekend, Cinemark 20 in Boca." Grande also tagged her half brother, Frankie Grande, a Broadway and screen star in his own right.

 "Thrilled to report that when the sugar glider had her drum solo Nonna exclaimed loudly, 'Oh I LOVE that,'" Grande wrote in another Story, referring to a small, mouse-like marsupial who bangs away on some drums during one of the film's magical musical numbers.

 Grande noted that both photos were courtesy Ethan Slater, her boyfriend, who also plays the munchkin Boq, a character that ironically becomes the love interest of Nessarose (Marissa Bode), the sister of Glinda's rival Elphaba (Cynthia Erivo).

Giles Keyte/Universal Pictures
 In the Reel that Grande posted, Nonna the Good, real name Marjorie Grande, proudly watches a segment of the performance of the song "Popular." Nonna, as Grande calls her, a nod to her Italian heritage, is a minor star in the Ari-verse, having appeared on three of Grande's songs. Most recently, Nonna closed out Grande's 2024 album Eternal Sunshine, providing the spoken-word outro for the song "Ordinary Things." In April, Grande took to Instagram to celebrate the fact that Nonna smashed a record, being "the senior most person to ever appear on the Billboard Hot 100."

 Want more movie news? Sign up for Entertainment Weekly's free newsletter to get the latest trailers, celebrity interviews, film reviews, and more.

 Grande started out as a Broadway star in the musical 13 and an actress on the Nickelodeon show Victorious. She became known the world over as a pop star, but Wicked represents a fulsome return to her roots.

 She plays Glinda the Good Witch in the chopped and screwed Wizard of Oz backstory, starting out as the rival, best friend, then conflicted persecutor of Erivo's Elphaba, later known as the Wicked Witch of the West.

Universal Pictures
 Wicked is directed by Jon M. Chu, who previously brought Lin-Manuel Miranda's In The Heights to the big screen. But Wicked has soared to an altogether new altitude, scouring up an impressive $112.5 million during its opening weekend.

 The film also stars Michelle Yeoh, Jonathan Bailey, Jeff Goldblum, and Bowen Yang, and is currently playing in theaters nationwide.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)