Liam Gallagher was honoured along with Manchester at the MTV Europe Music Awards, where Taylor Swift was the big winner, collecting four awards.
Oasis frontman Liam Gallagher was named Best Rock act, ahead of the group’s much-anticipated reunion next year.
And it comes as he (angrily) assures fans the group will be at their absolute best during the Oasis Live 25 shows - as he was clearly offended at any suggestion otherwise.
“Got asked a ridiculous question yesterday,” he grumbled, going on to quote the offending question: “So are Oasis gonna be as good as you once were, because when some bands get back together they are not as good.”
“I said: ‘Listen here you *expletive*,” he recalled. “Even on our bad day we’ll still wipe the floor with majority of bands out there.’”
He certainly still has the same charisma he did in the 90s.
Sadly, Brat summer’s Charli XCX did not win any awards, despite being up for five. Sabrina Carpenter’s Espresso was named Best Song, and honorary Mancunian citizen Ariana Grande received the Best Pop award.
Raye, who performed at the event held in the city’s Co-op arena, won the Best UK and Ireland act.
Stars including mum and daughter presenting duo Neneh Cherry and Mabel, Bush frontman Gavin Rossdale tipped James Bond star Aaron Taylor-Johnson and actors Jodie Turner-Smith and Lucien Laviscount attended the ceremony.
Watch the MTV Europe Music Awards on demand on Paramount+ from November 12.
The winners:
Best Song - Sabrina Carpenter, Espresso
Best Video - Taylor Swift ft Post Malone, Fortnight
Best Artist - Taylor Swift
Best Collaboration - LISA and Rosalia, New Woman
Best New - Benson Boone
Best Pop - Ariana Grande
Best Afrobeats - Tyla
Best Rock - Liam Gallagher
UK and Ireland - Raye
Canadian - Shawn Mendes
US - Taylor Swift
Best Alternative - Imagine Dragons
Best Electronic - Calvin Harris
Best Hip Hop - Eminem
Best R&B - Tyla
Best Live - Taylor Swift
Best Push - Le Sserafim
Best Latin - Peso Pluma
Best K Pop - Jimin
Biggest Fans - LISA
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.