Wicked's plot may not sit well with everyone....

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Wicked Part 1 is making a splash in America. The Jon M. Chu film broke box office records and continues to do well in the month following its release. It was also a surprising favorite of some iconic filmmakers like George Lucas, who called Chu to congratulate him on the film, and Steven Spielberg even watched the film with Chu, so the two could discuss it afterwards. Now, Adam McKay is giving his two cents on the blockbuster film, offering a new perspective on the storyline and its political message.
McKay recently took to X to share his opinions on Wicked, and the director admitted to being quite impressed by the film. While many have singled out incredible performances by Ariana Grande and Cynthia Erivo, McKay was more interested in the storyline at the center. He pointed out that this is a rare instance of a big studio film taking a political stance, as the film is a clear allegory for facism and oppressive governments. He said:
On a pure storytelling level Wicked Part 1 is right up there as one of the most radical big studio Hollywood movies ever made. I know Part 2 swings back to the center a bit but Part 1 is nakedly about radicalization in the face of careerism, fascism, propaganda.
Many of McKay’s followers who had yet to see the film were surprised to hear this. The actual plot at the center of Wicked was mostly hidden during the marketing campaign, which mostly focused on the impressive musical performances and world building. While it's fun to watch the Wicked cast dance and sing their hearts out, the movie is truly about marginalized populations (which are represented by talking animals) being othered by the government (the Wizard of Oz and Madame Morrible).
With such a left-wing plot in a big Hollywood film, McKay suggested the film could potentially be banned as America’s government becomes more right wing. He said on X:
I think you’ll be shocked. If America keeps going on the track it is I wouldn’t be surprised to see the movie banned in 3-5 years.
Whether or not this is actually the case remains to be seen. For the most part, Wicked is receiving praise across the board from media outlets with all different backgrounds, and widespread backlash doesn’t seem to be a current reality. However, the allegorical nature of the film allows its message to hint towards real-world parallels without outworldly taking a political stance about the real world. McKay compared its storyline to movies like The Hunger Games and The Sound of Music, which both have political messages yet also have mass appeal.
It makes sense that Adam McKay would be drawn to the political ideology of Wicked, as McKay’s own films as of recent have been deeply political. The Big Short offered a condemnation of the big banks that pummeled America into a recession in 2008, Don’t Look Up satirized the media and government’s response to climate change, and Vice portrayed Dick Chaney as the puppet master behind the War on Terror.
While Wicked isn’t quite as brazen as McKay’s filmmaking choices, it does take a hard stance rarely seen in mainstream blockbuster filmmaking. Let’s hope McKay is wrong to predict it will be banned, and Wicked’s message continues to be heard by as many people as possible.
Your Daily Blend of Entertainment News
You can see Wicked Part 1 in theaters now, as it’s still playing nationwide. Fans of the film, like Adam McKay, can also look forward to Wicked Part 2, which is set to release on November 21st, 2025. For more information on other exciting titles heading to the big screen in the near future, make sure to consult our 2025 movie release schedule.
Writer, podcaster, CinemaBlend contributor, film and television nerd, enthusiastic person. Hoping to bring undying passion for storytelling to CinemaBlend.
I Was Wondering What Was Going On With Sebastian Stan Cutting Off All His Hair, And He's Finally Illuminated Us
After Netflix’s CEO Called Theatrical Movie Releases An ‘Outdated Concept,’ Knives Out 3 Director Rian Johnson Weighed In
I'm Still Thinking About Alex Garland's Warfare Three Weeks Later. A Few Things Really Stuck With Me

Cinemablend is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.