SESAC's Sam Kling, Willie "Prophet" Stiggers, SESAC's Mario Prins  (Photo credit: mèShell studio)
SESAC celebrated its songwriters and music publishers behind the most-performed songs of 2023 across a variety of genres at The Highlight Room in Hollywood last night, September 17, marking the third year the awards took place in Los Angeles.
The event was attended by several top music industry executives, artists, songwriters, and publishers including Bryan Michael Cox, Prophet, Alex Isley, Knox, and Kenyon Dixon, among others.
Jack Harlow continues his winning streak for the fourth year, taking home both Songwriter of the Year and Song of the Year with his smash hit “Lovin On Me”. Sony Music Publishing was named Publisher of the Year for the third year in a row, taking home multiple awards including “3D” recorded by Jack Harlow and Jung Kook, as well as “Good Good” recorded by Usher, Summer Walker and 21 Savage, among many others.  
Black Music Action Coalition (BMAC) co-founder, president and CEO, Willie “Prophet” Stiggers, was presented with SESAC’s Visionary Award in recognition of the organization’s ongoing work championing artists and creating equity within the music industry. “Prophet’s dedication to equality and racial justice has inspired us all to do more and build a stronger, more equitable creative community. I'm proud to call him a friend," said Mario Prins, VP, Creative Services.  
Additional award-winning writers include Jimmy Napes;Ariana Grande; Green Day; Fede Vindver; and longtime SESAC songwriter, Traci Hale for her co-write with SESAC writer and performer, Burna Boy.  
“We are honored to celebrate our songwriters and publishers,” shared Sam Kling, Chief Creative Officer, SESAC Performing Rights. “It takes so much effort from so many to bring these songs to life, and we’re thrilled to be able to recognize the dedication and talent of our SESAC family.”
Opening the show was SESAC President & COO, Scott Jungmichel and Chief Creative Officer Sam Kling, as well as VP, Creative Services Mario Prins and VP, Creative Services & Operations Diana Akin Scarfo. Artist and SESAC songwriter Tamara Jade, who performed at the 66th GRAMMY Awards with Jon Batiste and recently toured with Doja Cat, served as the MC for the evening for the second year in a row.   
Sponsors for the event included Bombas, EBOOST, Hasbro, Herban Essentials, Pause Wellness Studio, Pura Vida, Purely Elizabeth, Vacation Sunscreen, and Yeti.   
For event highlights, visit @SESAC on Instagram. A full list of winners is available below and at www.sesac.com
Published since 1977, Music Connection magazine is a monthly music trade publication catering to musicians, industry pro’s, and support services. Music Connection exists to serve artists and music people, to offer connections to the unconnected and to provide exclusive information that can help our readers take their music to the next level.

Founded in 1977 on the principle of bridging the gap between “the street and the elite,” Music Connection has grown from a popular print publication into a spectrum of products and services that address the wants and needs of musicians, the music tech community and industry support services.