By KEVIN KAYHART FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  05:11, 3 November 2024   |  Updated:  05:22, 3 November 2024   
 47
View  comments
Ariana Grande has changed her name back to her full birth name in the credits of her new film Wicked, after reconnecting with her father.
It will now read 'Ariana Grande-Butera' when the movie credits roll at the beginning and end of the epic musical fantasy film, according to E! News.
The Thank U, Next star's full name is a mix of her mother, Joan Grande's surname, and her father, Ed Butera's name. 
The name change comes after the hitmaker and her estranged father have mended their relationship, after falling out of touch in 2013.
Grande's graphic designer father split from her mother, Joan, when the star was eight. 
Ariana Grande, 31, has decided to change her name back to her birth name 'Ariana Grande-Butera' for the movie credits to Wicked, after reconnecting with her father; seen in 2024
The name change comes after the hitmaker and her estranged father have mended their relationship, after falling out of touch in 2013
Lucky moviegoers in Sydney, Australia were among the first fans to see Wicked, starring Grande-Butera as Glinda The Good Witch of the North, when it made its world premiere at the State Theater on November 3.
'Wow that film was insane,' one fan could be heard sharing in the theatre as the credits were falling and the outro music was blaring in the background.
'It was so good,' a young woman said on camera, as she wiped away the tears from her face. 'It was so good that I cried five times.'
Ariana previously touched on her relationship with her dad in the 2018 song Thank U, Next, where she sang: 'One day I’ll walk down the aisle/ holding hands with my mama/ I’ll be thanking my dad ’cause she grew from the drama.'
She described their falling out as 'one of the hardest things' she had to deal with.
'It’s private… It took me so long to be okay with it,' she told Seventeen magazine in 2014. 
'So much of me comes from my father, and for so long, I didn’t like that about myself. I had to accept that it’s okay not to get along with somebody and still love them.'
She would give fans a brief glimpse into her relationship with her father when it was on the upswing in a social media post of a throwback snap of her dad in 2017, writing, 'I love you.' 
It will now read 'Ariana Grande-Butera' when the movie credits roll at the beginning and end of the epic musical fantasy film, according to E! News; she is seen in a still from the film  
Ariana previously described their falling out as 'one of the hardest things' she had to deal with; seen with her father and mom Joan in 2020
Grande was born Ariana Grande-Butera on June 26, 1993, in Boca Raton, Florida, but shortened her surname name to just Grande at the beginning of her career around 2010
The singer, songwriter and actress was born Ariana Grande-Butera on June 26, 1993, in Boca Raton, Florida.
Her family moved from New York to the Sunshine State before her birth, but later her parents separated.
As a result of their family dynamic, she chose to use her mother's last name, Grande, professionally, although some people suspect her close bond with her maternal grandmother, Marjorie Grande, may have also played a role in the name change.
While there isn't a specific date recorded where she formally changed her professional name, she simply started using 'Ariana Grande' primarily for her music and acting career some where around the late 2000s or early 2010s.
Eventually, the We Can't Be Friends singer and her father fell out of touch and became estranged by 2013.
But in more recent years father and daughter have reconnected and appear to be on a much more positive path forward in their lives. 
She also posted a black-and-white picture of herself FaceTiming with him during Christmas in 2018, and another of them posing together while behind-the-scenes of one of her concerts on her Instagram Story, with the caption: 'Foreva.' 
Fast forward to the world premiere in Sydney and Grande teased fans in the States by writing, '20 days,' in an Instagram post, in a reference to the high-anticipated debut in the U.S., alongside a black-and-white photo of her and co-star Cynthia Erivo. 
The singer, who plays Glinda The Good Witch Of The North in Wicked, recently shared a black-and-white photo with of herself and co-star Cynthia Erivo
She also posted a photo of the two stars hugging alongside Wicked director Jon M. Chu, along with the first reaction from moviegoers who saw the premiere in Sydney, Australia on Sunday
'Wow that film was insane,' one fan could be heard sharing in the theatre as the credits were falling and the outro music was blaring in the background
'It was so good,' a young woman said on camera, as she wiped away the tears from her face. 'It was so good that I cried five times'
She also shared a birthday tribute to the film's director John M. Chu, who turned 45 on Sunday: 'happy birthday to truly the greatest director and also human on earth,' she wrote. 'thank you for being the most thoughtful, empathetic, and brilliant leader but also the fiercest and most incredible friend.'
The Florida native concluded: 'we appreciate and love you so endlessly !!!!!!!!!! @jonmchu.'
She then teased ahead to Sunday's huge world premiere in Sydney by writing, 'See you tonight in Oz.' 
The superstar performer, who portrays Glinda The Good Witch, arrived at Sydney's State Theatre  alongside her current boyfriend Ethan Slater and co-star Cynthia Erivo.
Wicked is the origin story of 'a green-skinned woman who becomes the Wicked Witch of the West.'
It serves as a prequel to The Wizard of Oz, exploring the narrative before Dorothy's arrival and delving into the former friendship between the characters Elphaba and Glinda.
Wicked serves as a prequel to The Wizard of Oz, exploring the narrative before Dorothy's arrival and delving into the former friendship between the characters Elphaba and Glinda
Wicked: Part One hits theaters in the U.S. on November 22, which will be followed by Wicked Part Two the next year, premiering in cinemas on November 21, 2025
Along with Eviro and Grande, the cast also includes Michelle Yeoh, Jeff Goldblum, Jonathan Bailey, Ethan Slater, Ethan Slater, Marissa Bode, Bowen Yang, Bronwyn James, Keala Settle, Peter Dinklage, Aaron Teoh, Grecia de la Paz, Colin Michael Carmichael, Adam James, and Andy Nyman.
The movie is about an unlikely friendship that emerges between Elphaba and Glinda, two clashing witches in the magical land of Oz.    
Elphaba is wrongfully cast as a wicked witch as she seeks to expose the fraudulent, corrupt Wizard who rules the land.
Wicked: Part One hits theaters in the U.S. on November 22, and the the sequel, Wicked Part Two, will follow the next year, premiering in cinemas on November 21, 2025.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group