The singer will pay her ex $1.25 million and give him half the proceeds from the sale of their L.A. home.

													By
												

	Gil Kaufman


	A year after their separation, Ariana Grande and Dalton Gomez are officially divorced. According to the Associated Press, a Los Angeles Superior Court judgement dissolving their three-year marriage became official on Tuesday (March 19), six months after the 30-year-old “yes, and?” singer filed for divorce from 28-year-old real estate broker Gomez.

	The couple, who had a pre-nuptial agreement, separated more than a year ago and have no children or significant legal issues. The terms of the divorce were agreed upon in October, but the couple had to wait six months before the judge’s order could take effect. According to the AP, Grande will make a onetime payment of $1.25 million to Gomez and no future alimony and give half of the proceeds from the sale of their Los Angeles home to Gomez and pay up to $25,000 of his attorneys’ fees; the divorce petition cited irreconcilable differences as the reason for the break-up. 

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	The couple reportedly started dating in early 2020, but didn’t make their romance public until May of that pandemic year, sharing the news of their engagement on Dec. 20 with a series of pictures, including one of her engagement ring; they got married five months later, in May 2021. Since the split, Grande has reportedly been dating her Wicked co-star Ethan Slater. 

	Grande’s new album, Eternal Sunshine, debuted at No. 1 on the Billboard 200 album chart, marking her sixth career chart leader, with all 12 chart-eligible songs from the album landing on the Hot 100, led by “We Can’t Be Friends (Wait for Your Love), which debuted at No. 1.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.