Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
The mum of Manchester Arena bombing victim Philip Tron has welcomed new security measures for Taylor Swift's Wembley Stadium shows.
The megastar singer will play a run of five gigs at the London venue as part of her International Eras tour. But there have been last minute changes to safety measures around the stadium after three of Swift's gigs in Austria were cancelled after three teenagers suspected of planning Islamic State-inspired attacks on large events in Vienna were arrested. 
Those without tickets have been warned not to gather around Wembley and the venue has banned overnight camping and said no-one will be able to take bags larger than A4 size into the stadium.
Philip's mum, June Tron, told the Chronicle she was relieved to see security measures being bolstered following the terror scare in Vienna.
And the 68-year-old said venues must continue to put safety first, even if that means cancelling highly anticipated shows.
She said: "It has to be safety first, whatever happens. A concert can be re-arranged, but you can't bring a person back that's gone. "
Philip, from Gateshead, was among the 22 people to lose their lives when Salman Abedi detonated his suicide bomb in the packed foyer at Manchester Arena.
The 32-year-old died alongside his girlfriend’s daughter Courtney Boyle, 19, when they both went to collect Courtney’s little sister from the Ariana Grande gig, on May 22, 2017. The blast also claimed the lives of teenage sweethearts Liam Curry, 19, and 17-year-old Chloe Rutherford, from South Shields.
A public inquiry later heard how the atrocity might have been prevented if MI5 had not missed a “significant opportunity” to stop the bomber. Families of the bombing victims have also called for increased security measures at large venues, including more thorough bag searches.
Swift had been due to play at Vienna's Ernst Happel Stadium last Thursday, Friday and Saturday, but event organisers announced their cancellation the day before the first show after the suspected terror plans were uncovered. Austrian officials said the plot included the use of knives or homemade explosives. The suspects had been under surveillance for some time and were well known to Austrian authorities, officials said.
June, from Harlow Green in Gateshead has followed what happened in Austria closely.
"I was just so pleased that it didn't happen. It's definitely a relief," she said. "I always think it could happen again somewhere."
And after hearing of heightened security at Wembley, which has been described as being like a "ring of steel", she added: "It has to be a step in the right direction. I would definitely support these measures. Every little helps to keep people safe.
"People definitely need their bags checked, even if it means they have to spend more inside. That's the price we have to pay to keep people safe."
In a statement about security at the Taylor swift gigs, Wembley Stadium said: "Safety is everything. That’s why we carefully review public safety and stadium security policies every year, looking for ways to improve them. By limiting the size and style of bags people can carry in, our bag policy enhances safety inside and outside the stadium. Plus, it speeds up the security screening process."
ChronicleLive is now on WhatsApp and we want you to join our communities.
We have a number of communities to join, so you can choose which one you want to be part of and we'll send you the latest news direct to your phone. You could even join them all!
To join you need to have WhatsApp on your device. All you need to do is choose which community you want to join, click on the link and press 'join community'.
No one will be able to see who is signed up and no one can send messages except the ChronicleLive team.
We also treat our community members to special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners.
If you don't like our community, you can check out any time you like. To leave our community click on the name at the top of your screen and choose 'exit group'.
If you’re curious, you can read our privacy notice.
Join the ChronicleLive Breaking News and Top Stories community
Join our Court & Crime community
Join the Things to do in Newcastle and the North East community
Join our Northumberland community
Join our County Durham community
Join our Sunderland community
Join our NUFC community 
Join our SAFC community
Join our Great North Run community