Kristin Chenoweth wanted to make sure that Ariana Grande "put her own stamp" on the role of Glinda in Wicked, saying at the film's Nov. 9 Los Angeles premiere that Ariana's performance made her proud.
Kristin Chenoweth and Ariana Grande have been changed for good thanks to Wicked. 
As the Broadway star gushed at the film's Los Angeles premiere Nov. 9, getting the chance to see Ariana take on the role of Glinda, which Kristin originated in the Broadway version over two decades ago, has been a dream come true.
"When she was 10 she told me, 'I want to be you. I want to play Glinda.' In that same voice," Kristin told Zuri Hall and Justin Sylvester on the red carpet. "Obviously, we are close. I've known her since she was 10."
The 56-year-old recalled that when Ariana got the audition, "we both cried," and joked that when they found out the "7 Rings" singer had landed the role, "We both sounded like dolphins."
According to Kristin, after Ariana was cast she told the Tony winner, "‘I want to make you proud. I want to pay homage to you.'"
To which Kristin replied, "‘You will do all of that, but put your own stamp on it.' And she did."
The Pushing Daisies alum was especially excited for fans to see Ariana on the big screen, saying, "I think people forget what a great actor she is."
"She started in theater and now she's playing the role that she was born to play," Kristin continued. "And it took 22 years, I set it in stone, and now she's bringing it home."
And when it comes to the future of her own career, the Schmigadoon! star is grateful for the roles she's gotten to play in movies and TV—saying she only takes a job "if I see Kristin Chenoweth doing that role"—but at her heart, "I will always be a Broadway person."
Which is why the premiere of the film version of Wicked was especially meaningful for her, as she couldn't believe all the fans that had come out for the event.
"This is crazy. They all screamed my name," she gushed. "And I just wept."
To see more from the Wicked red carpet, including Ariana and her costars Cynthia Erivo and Jonathan Bailey, keep reading.
(E!, Universal Pictures and Fandango are all part of the NBCUniversal family.)
Jennifer Lopez
Cynthia Erivo
Ariana Grande
Kristin Chenoweth
Idina Menzel
Cynthia Erivo & Ariana Grande
Jonathan Bailey
Ethan Slater
Normani
Michelle Yeoh
Marissa Bode
Tess McCracken & Stephen Nedoroscik
Emilie Livingston & Jeff Goldblum
Victoria Monét & Hazel Monét Gaines
Frankie Grande
Sarah Paulson
Karrueche Tran
Michaela Jae Rodriguez
The actress wore the Zodiac Necklace by Brilliant Earth jewelry
Sheryl Lee Ralph
Kevin McHale
Sasha Farber & Jenn Tran
Amanda Gorman
Laufey
Lena Waithe
Leah Kateb
Bronwyn James
Sophia Bush
Hayley Kiyoko
Troye Sivan
Ashley Tisdale
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.