By CASSIE CARPENTER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  16:01, 11 April 2024   |  Updated:  17:37, 11 April 2024   
 64
View  comments
Ariana Grande kept close to her Wicked costar-turned-boyfriend Ethan Slater after attending CinemaCon in Las Vegas on Wednesday with their castmates.
The inseparable couple are still going strong after falling in love on the London set of Jon M. Chu's big-screen adaptation of the 2003 Broadway musical sometime between December 9, 2022 and July 13, 2023.
Earlier, the 30-year-old pop star and the 31-year-old Tony nominee were dwarfed by big bodyguards surrounding them in the loading/backstage area of Caesars Palace.
Ariana appeared to be in great spirits as she chatted with her security detail and other staffers of her large entourage.
Grande (born Butera) was wearing a classic trench coat with her platinum-blonde hair in a messy bun when they first arrived to the venue.
Ariana Grande kept close to her Wicked costar-turned-boyfriend Ethan Slater after attending CinemaCon in Las Vegas on Wednesday with their castmates
The inseparable couple are still going strong after falling in love on the London set of Jon M. Chu's big-screen adaptation of the 2003 Broadway musical sometime between December 9, 2022 and July 13, 2023
Slater filed for divorce from his 'heartbroken' high school sweetheart Lilly Jay (and mother of his 20-month-old son) on July 26 - a week after their affair was exposed.
'[Ariana's] the story, really. Not a girl's girl,' Jay scoffed to Page Six on July 27.
'My family is just collateral damage.'
The Bye belter - who was engaged to Bupkis creator-star Pete Davidson for four months in 2019 - finalized her divorce from her real estate agent Dalton Gomez on October 6 after 21 months of marriage.
Ariana was pretty as a petal in Oscar de la Renta SS/24 'Poppy' coacktail dress and white pumps selected by stylist Mimi Cuttrell.
Hairstylist Alyx Liu coiffed Grande's updo and make-up artist Michael Anthony fully contoured her complexion for the live event.
The two-time Grammy winner was joined onstage by her castmate Cynthia Erivo - who wore a fittingly green Versace top, silver mini-skirt, and green thigh-high boots selected by stylist Jason Bolden.
'This whole experience is absolutely impossible to put into words,' Ariana said onstage - according to THR.
Earlier, the 30-year-old pop star and the 31-year-old Tony nominee were dwarfed by big bodyguards surrounding them in the loading/backstage area of Caesars Palace
Ariana appeared to be in great spirits as she chatted with her security detail and other staffers of her large entourage
Grande (born Butera) was wearing a classic trench coat with her platinum-blonde hair in a messy bun when they first arrived to the venue
Slater filed for divorce from his 'heartbroken' high school sweetheart Lilly Jay (and mother of his 20-month-old son) on July 26 - a week after their affair was exposed
The Bye belter - who was engaged to Bupkis creator-star Pete Davidson for four months in 2019 - finalized her divorce from her real estate agent Dalton Gomez on October 6 after 21 months of marriage
Ariana sipped from a to-go coffee cup as they arrived for the convention
Ariana was pretty as a petal in Oscar de la Renta SS/24 'Poppy' coacktail dress and white pumps selected by stylist Mimi Cuttrell
Hairstylist Alyx Liu coiffed Grande's updo and make-up artist Michael Anthony fully contoured her complexion for the live event
The two-time Grammy winner was joined onstage by her castmate Cynthia Erivo (R) - who wore a fittingly green Versace top, silver mini-skirt, and green thigh-high boots selected by stylist Jason Bolden
Ariana said onstage: 'This whole experience is absolutely impossible to put into words...We both felt such a tremendous responsibility to honor these women and to pour our hearts, our souls, our tears — so many different pairs of lashes'
The British 37-year-old added: 'You and I are bonded for life'
Backstage, Jeff Goldblum (L) took a mirror selfie with Grande, Ethan, Jonathan Bailey (M), Cynthia, and Michelle Yeoh (R) captioned: 'Over the rainbow to be reunited with this magical family!'
Director Jon M. Chu also posted a similar snap of his ensemble cast 'the moment before we walked out on stage together and presented our biggest public peek at what's to come in Wicked this Thanksgiving'
CinemaCon attendees got a close-up look at the dresses, designed by Oscar-nominated costume designer Paul Tazewell, which Grande and Erivo don to play witches Glinda Upland and Elphaba Thropp
Universal Pictures is scheduled to release the first part of Wicked on November 27 followed by the second part on November 26, 2025
'We both felt such a tremendous responsibility to honor these women and to pour our hearts, our souls, our tears — so many different pairs of lashes.'
The British 37-year-old added: 'You and I are bonded for life.'
Backstage, Jeff Goldblum took a mirror selfie with Grande, Ethan, Jonathan Bailey, Cynthia, and Michelle Yeoh captioned: 'Over the rainbow to be reunited with this magical family!'
Director Jon M. Chu also posted a similar snap of his ensemble cast 'the moment before we walked out on stage together and presented our biggest public peek at what's to come in Wicked this Thanksgiving.'
CinemaCon attendees got a close-up look at the dresses, designed by Oscar-nominated costume designer Paul Tazewell, which Grande and Erivo don to play witches Glinda Upland and Elphaba Thropp.
Universal Pictures is scheduled to release the first part of Wicked on November 27 followed by the second part on November 26, 2025.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group