Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
 Molly-Mae Hague is over the constant chatter about whether she's had a nose job and is ready to take drastic measures to put an end to the speculation. The Love Island alum, who has been open about reversing cosmetic procedures in the past, is so fed up with the gossip that she's considering a lie detector test to prove her natural beauty. The influencer, who faced a mixed response to her new fashion collection, has previously been candid about undoing her facial fillers and lip enhancements following harsh online criticism. Despite sharing her journey to a filler-free look on her vlog, some naysayers continue to speculate that she's had rhinoplasty.
In a heart-to-heart with her sister Zoe on YouTube, Molly-Mae didn't hold back her feelings. In the video, she said: "Oh, don't even get me started!" She firmly stated: "On oath, on Bambi's life, I haven't had a nose job. I want to do a lie detector." She continued: "I saw Ariana Grande doing a lie detector the other day about getting a BBL, it was so funny. Yeah, literally, I need to do that because I've never had a nose job!" Zoe supported her sister, hinting that Molly-Mae's nose is a family trait from their dad. As they discussed further, Molly-Mae pondered the curious evolution of her nose.
"We talk about it all the time, my nose has changed so much, and I swear I don't know why!" she confessed, baffled by the changes.
"I think because everything else has probably gotten bigger in terms of like my face has sort of spread out, my nose, and the proportions, it's gone smaller. But I honestly, I don't know why my nose has changed so much. I honestly, I don't. And it frustrates me as well because.."
After Zoe pointed out that different angles can alter how one's nose looks, Molly agreed and demonstrated this by smiling, which made her nose seem broader. She even got Zoe to join in, affirming they have the "same nose".
"But then from the side...," Molly added, turning her head to show a side view. Zoe joined in, exclaiming: "It's the most gorgeous nose I've ever seen!"
 Fans speculated that Molly's altered look might be due to "pregnancy nose" following her pregnancy with Bambi, her daughter with former fiance Tommy Fury. Molly grabbed headlines back in 2019 when she looked noticeably different after getting fillers. However, she later chose to dissolve all the fillers following public criticism.
The star was also forced to deny rumours of a nose job back in 2022 when her and sister Zoe were looking at baby pictures. Their mum sent over some pictures of the sisters when they were kids.
But the pictures created a little bit of drama after Zoe joked that her sister had a nose job. “I swear to god, you as a baby is you now. You're just older. You look exactly the same,” Molly-Mae laughed.