By NADINE DORRIES, DAILY MAIL 
 Published:  01:35, 12 November 2024   |  Updated:  10:38, 12 November 2024   
 394
View  comments
Within hours of Donald Trump becoming the US President-elect, Nigel Farage had penned a newspaper article in which he made a bold offer to Sir Keir Starmer.
If the Prime Minister so desired, he was prepared to 'bridge the divide' between the Labour Government and the incoming Trump administration.
I assume this was based on Nigel's friendship with The Donald and Labour's desperate need to make rapid amends for its catastrophic errors in dealing with the soon-to-be (again) Leader of the Free World.
Last month Labour was accused by Trump of 'blatantly' interfering in the US election after the Party's head of operations appealed for volunteers to travel to America to assist Kamala Harris's Democrat campaign.
Then there's the damage done by the likes of senior Cabinet members including David Lammy, Wes Streeting and Ed Miliband who, while in Opposition, variously described Trump as 'a racist… neo-Nazi sympathiser', an 'odious, sad, little man', and a 'misogynistic, self-confessed groper'. Starmer himself opined that 'humanity and dignity' were two words 'not understood' by Trump.
Unlike Farage, Boris is no longer tied to any party or constituency. He's not just an Atlantacist by nature but was born in New York and, for a time, held dual nationality
Nigel Farage isn't a member of the government executive or employed by the Trump administration, and therefore it was a ridiculous offer for him to make.
Plus, the leader of Reform UK was elected to the constituency of Clacton only in July and is committed to dutifully serving his constituents as their MP for the next five years.
And, of course, if Starmer even remotely entertained the notion of accepting Farage's offer, he'd face a widespread mutiny from his own MPs.
So, I'm not altogether sure if Farage was serious, but it was a clever way of putting himself and Reform UK back in the spotlight.
It also got me thinking.
There is a big beast who has left the political stage who is ideally placed to help forge a beneficial future pathway for Britain with Trump's America, and to navigate the many thorny issues between us.
This is a man who has a friendly and mutually respectful relationship with Trump, so enter stage right… Boris Johnson.
Unlike Farage, Boris is no longer tied to any party or constituency. He's not just an Atlantacist by nature but was born in New York and, for a time, held dual nationality.
Think about it, Keir. In a little over two months, you will be dealing with a political colossus – a man who delivered an astounding election victory – and you will be at a huge disadvantage given Labour's history with him.
Trump is already talking about trade tariffs which would hit both prices here and our export market. He has said he will end the war in Ukraine 'in one day', which suggests he will force a peace deal with Russia that will probably see Ukraine – a country we supported from the start under Boris as PM, before the rest of the West followed – losing territory.
And we know that Trump isn't Nato's biggest fan because too many member nations fail to pay their way in defence spending – and he's right.
Boris has remained close to Ukraine's President Zelensky and visited Ukraine numerous times. Trump could have no better adviser on how to handle that war and deal with Putin.
Boris was also our foreign secretary for two years and is no stranger to discussions around trade tariffs, defence spending and Nato.
It's a no-brainer, really. If I were Trump, it's Boris I'd be happiest picking up the phone to, not Farage or David Lammy. Just a thought!
Boris Johnson was ousted as Prime Minister after former aides briefed journalists about Downing Street 'pandemic parties', according to a new book.
And the mastermind who 'set a trap' for the then PM? Step forward his sacked chief adviser, Dominic Cummings, who is said to have been at the centre of it all.
The weekend reports confirm all that I wrote in my book, The Plot, last year (the sequel, Downfall, is published later this month) – but they failed to point out that many of those still in post in No 10 were also implicated in bringing Boris down. A special mention for Lee Cain, by the way – one of Cummings's few close friends, who referred to him as 'the boss' or 'the dark lord', which many at No 10 found strange.
Cain quit his post as director of communications two days before Cummings was sacked. He was supposed to not only be working for Boris but protecting the integrity of the office of the Prime Minister and the Government, yet it was Cummings with whom he seemingly worked hand in hand.
Chris McCausland and Dianne Buswell in Strictly Come Dancing 2024
I want to add my voice to the outpouring of praise for comedian Chris McCausland and his dance partner Dianne Buswell on Strictly. I'm quite sure there is a strong chance they'll go on to win it.
Chris is Strictly's first blind contestant, and in a stunning performance on Saturday he placed his hands gently over Dianne's eyes as the lights faded, reminding the audience of what it must be like for him.
And what an incredible teacher Dianne is. The chemistry and trust between the two are the bedrock of their achievement. Roll on Blackpool!
My heart goes out to the family of Susan McGowan, a nurse who died of multiple organ failure, sepsis and pancreatitis after taking two doses of the weight-loss jab Mounjaro. It is a reminder that few drugs are free of side-effects.
As readers will know, I've lost almost two stone on Mounjaro after being told I was pre-diabetic and had fatty liver disease and high cholesterol.
I'm grateful for the incredible impact the jab has had on my health – but a word of warning if you are thinking about trying these drugs. Do your research first, and ideally talk to your GP.
I know many people are sourcing the jabs online, so make sure you order only from a reputable provider. If you aren't asked to fill in a health questionnaire and provide a date and time-stamped photograph of yourself, then look elsewhere.
One week until I'm A Celebrity hits our screens and my PTSD is back. I was involved in a very hairy car chase with paps determined to get a shot of me after I exited the show in 2012. I ended up huddled down in the footwell of my car as my excellent driver, Bruno, navigated his way down some very precarious Brisbane roads.
Even he couldn't shake them off. But when we got to the airport, Bruno deposited me at an entrance that the paps didn't know about. This is something that Coleen Rooney – this year's star signing – may want to bear in mind.
Musicians Neil Tennant (l) and Chris Lowe (r) of the Pet Shop Boys
Over four decades, the Pet Shop Boys have provided the soundtrack to my life, so I was thrilled to see them honoured with the Pop Pioneers gong at the MTV Europe Music Awards in Manchester on Sunday.
Singer Rita Ora was host, and the music of megastars such as Taylor Swift, Liam Gallagher, Sabrina Carpenter and Ariana Grande all featured. But, for me, it was the most successful duo in British pop history who stole the show.
My personal favourite? Their 1989 collaboration with Liza Minnelli, Losing My Mind, is hard to beat.
'America is great because she is good, and if America ever ceases to be good, she will cease to be great'
Attributed to Alexis de Tocqueville, 19th-century author of Democracy In America

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.



      How Harry's disastrous interview was crafted in the shadows as sources reveal what stunned producers
    

Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group