Manage your account
A man who claims the Manchester Arena bombing was faked is “perfectly entitled” to his view, the High Court has heard.
Richard Hall, a self-described journalist, is being sued by survivors Martin and Eve Hibbert for harassment and data protection breaches.
The father and daughter were at the Ariana Grande concert in May 2017 and suffered life-changing injuries, with Mr Hibbert left with a spinal cord injury and Miss Hibbert, then aged 14, suffering severe brain damage.
However, Mr Hall has claimed the attack, in which Salman Abedi detonated a rucksack bomb in the crowd of concert-goers, was faked by government agencies with “crisis actors” used.
He is being sued over several videos and a book in which he has made claims that the bombing was a “hoax”, as well as for “secretly filming” Eve and her mother at their house.
Defending the claims, lawyers for Mr Hall said his actions were “pursued for the purpose of preventing or detecting crime” and that he had deleted the footage from outside the home.
Paul Oakley, for Mr Hall, claimed his client had formed his views after he “scoured the public domain”.
He told the court: “My client is perfectly entitled to hold his views and he is willing to amend them if he is made aware of evidence to the contrary.”
In written submissions, Mr Oakley said Mr Hall had the right to freedom of expression.
He said: “However unpleasant Mr Hall’s published views are considered to be, they are protected.”
On Monday, Mr Hibbert and Mr Hall appeared at the High Court for the first day of the trial, with around 20 members of the public watching the proceedings.
Jonathan Price, for the Hibberts, said the pair had been among those nearest to Abedi when he detonated the bomb and that the attack changed Mr Hibbert’s life “in every conceivable way”.
“They have both suffered life-changing injuries from which they will never recover,” the barrister said.
The court heard that Mr Hibbert received 22 wounds from shrapnel, and Miss Hibbert suffered a “catastrophic brain injury” after a bolt from the bomb struck her in the head – leading to her being presumed dead at the scene.
Mr Price added: “Martin, paralysed, saw Eve lying next to him with a hole in her head and assumed he was watching her die, unable to help. He saw others lying dead or injured around him.”
He continued: “Mr Hall does not accept any of this. His theory is that it is an elaborate hoax.”
The barrister said Mr Hall had claimed Mr Hibbert was lying and that Miss Hibbert was disabled before the bombing.
He continued: “Mr Hall says her parents are invoking their daughter’s catastrophic disability as part of a huge fraud on the general public.”
The court was later told that, while there was one incident of filming, this was from a public highway and the footage was never published.
Mr Oakley continued: “It is submitted that this single incident would not be sufficient to found an action.”
The hearing in London is due to conclude on Thursday, with a decision expected in writing at a later date.
Broaden your horizons with award-winning British journalism. Try The Telegraph free for 3 months with unlimited access to our award-winning website, exclusive app, money-saving offers and more.