Find yourself a friend who will hold fingers with you
Despite being busy taking in the lyrics to "Defying Gravity" and holding space for that, we found time to do a deep-dive on Cynthia Erivo and Ariana Grande's very sweet friendship—which largely consists of hyping each other up, tenderly holding fingers, and shedding tears during interviews. So how did these two get so close? For starters, Wicked took for-ev-er to film and this press tour has been 84 years, but lemme just go ahead and put things into a timeline. 
Cynthia and Ari are cast in Wicked! They promptly send each other cute notes and flowers.
These two then meet for the first time at Cynthia's house, and the rest is history. (History which we are about to go over in great detail.) 
Ari and Cynthia officially start preparing for their roles and getting into character as Glinda and Elphaba. 
Filming for Wicked begins in London!
Ari and Cynthia are about halfway through filming (reminder: they were essentially making two movies at once between parts 1 and 2, so production was loooOoooOooOoOoong).
Filming for Wicked concludes! (Note: the cast took a break from production due to the 2023 SAG-AFTRA strikes, which is why filming took longer than expected.)
Ari and Cynthia head to the Super Bowl in matching 'fits.
Then they present at the Oscars (in outfits we can all agree Elphaba and Glinda would enjoy).
Cynthia and Ariana casually perform at the 2024 Met Gala and give fans a taste of what's coming.
Also their red carpet pics are the cutest.
Ari drops a bunch of BTS pics from Wicked and I, personally, am flooded with jealousy and bitterness that I wasn't part of the production. 
The duo heads to the 2024 Paris Olympics. Consider the press tour soft-launched!
Ari and Cynthia refer to each other as "best friends" in this joint post.
Time for more cute BTS pics:
Cynthia and Ari celebrate the two month countdown to Wicked.
Annnnnd then the world's longest press tour begins!
These two reunite at the 2024 Academy Museum Gala and their outfits are on another level.
Wicked screenings officially begin.
The pair hit up the WSJ Magazine Innovators Awards.
It's finally here! The OFFICIAL premiere of Wicked! Specifically, in Australia.
Cynthia chats about her friendship with Ari, saying, “I think we found a little piece of ourselves in each other. I think there are little pieces of us that, when we got together to do this together, when we first started, each of us was missing a little chunk.”
The Wicked premiere tour arrives in sunny Los Angeles.
And then Mexico City!
And then New York!
And then Europe!
Meanwhile, we are treated to some truly iconic press tour moments.
But nothing and no one could have prepared us for this:
Ariana's boyfriend and co-star Ethan Slater tells Today, "I think it’s an emotional process to dive into characters who go through such a journey. It’s been a really long and intense process. When you do that, you really bond with the people you’re around… Their friendship is really real and really deep and really informed by the work that they did together. I think they’re getting to talk about [it] and getting to reflect on it while they’re still in the midst of it.”
Annnnd that pretty much brings us up to date! Stay tuned for more Cynthia and Ari moments.
How to watch Another Simple Favor
Emma lands major role in Greta's Narnia remake
The Thursday Murder Club first-look & release date
Sunrise on the Reaping lead roles confirmed 
The devastating ending of Holland explained
I Know What You Did Last Summer new poster reveal
We finally know the Verity movie release date 
What to know about the Wuthering Heights movie
Dujonna Gift is Snow White's secret weapon
Gwyneth on Timothée Chalamet sex scenes 
The full Freaky Friday sequel trailer just dropped
Zendaya joins the cast of Shrek 5
Cosmopolitan, Part of the Hearst UK Fashion & Beauty Network
Cosmopolitan participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England 112955. All Rights Reserved.