Fragrance fans are rushing to Amazon to buy an 'iconic' and 'throwback' perfume that is now half price. The Britney Spears Midnight Fantasy Eau de Parfum 100ml is normally £40 full price on Amazon.
But ahead of Prime Day, the online retailer has slashed 53 per cent off - making it a steal at just £18.95. Fans have said the perfume 'lasts all day' and is 'excellent value for money'.
A product description reads: "An intoxicating elixir, this eau de parfum of luscious fruits invites you into a mysterious realm of temptation and intrigue."
Read more: Amazon slashes price of heatless curling set to £10 as fans say 'people think I've been to a salon'
Read next: Beauty lovers can save £90 on in-demand Boots No7 Beauty Vault 2024 - but you'll have to be quick
The perfume has top notes of plum and black cherries, with heart notes of velvet iris, orchid and freesia. While base notes include musk, amber and vanilla.
The Britney Spears Midnight Fantasy Eau de Parfum has a 4.7 star rating on Amazon. One shopper said: "Brilliant perfume - you only need a tiny bit - it lasts all day long. Excellent value for money."
Another commented: "Smells fantastic can't go wrong with this perfume." A third wrote: "Amazing perfume and throwback! I’ve ordered this twice now and both times it has come perfectly packaged, boxed and the price for 100ml is amazing also…. we love an iconic Britney moment."
Millie posted: "Didn’t expect to like but gorgeous scent, reminded me of Dolly Mixtures…..if anyone remembers them!" And Jackie added: "Smells gorgeous! Pretty bottle."
However one customer said: "This perfume smells of nothing won't be buying again."
Fancy free takeaway delivery? Access to Deliveroo Plus is one of a host of advantages of Amazon Prime membership, including exclusive Prime Day discounts and perks on Hello Fresh, music, books and Prime Video. Usually £8.99 a month, you can now get a 30-day free trial to get access to the latest deals.
You can buy the Britney Spears Midnight Fantasy Eau de Parfum 100ml for just £18.95 for a limited on Amazon now. While the Britney Spears Curious Eau de Parfum 50ml is now just £15.49.
Elsewhere, Superdrug is selling the Ariana Grande Mod Blush Edp Spray 100ml reduced from £53 to £42. Boots has the Eilish by Billie Eilish Eau de Parfum 100ml for £49. While The Perfume Shop has the Calvin Klein Eternity Eau de Parfum Spray 100ml reduced from £87 to £39.99.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.