If you haven’t seen the explosive documentary “Quiet on Set: The Dark Side of Kids TV,” there’s no better time than right now. The documentary is about the abuse of child TV stars both on and off the sets of popular Nickelodeon TV shows like All That, The Amanda Show, Drake & Josh and others. You can watch the whole series on demand by streaming it free on Investigation Discovery.
• You can watch all episodes of “Quiet on Set” for FREE with Philo (free trial), with Fubo (free trial), or with DirecTV Stream (free trial).
The shocking series is made up of an original four-part documentary, but has now added a fifth episode where a group of former stars from these shows answer questions and discuss their experiences. Several former and current celebrities that were once child stars appeared on these shows, including actors like Drake Bell, singer Ariana Grande, Amanda Bynes, Jamie Lynn Spears, Jennette McCurdy and others. For a sneak peek of the documentary, check out the Quiet on Set documentary trailer, courtesy of ID.
The entire series is now available to stream on Philo where all four episodes (and the bonus reunion episode) can be streamed online for free right now with a seven day free trial.
The limited documentary series by Investigation Discovery pulls back the curtain on the troubling experiences of former child stars on popular Nickelodeon TV shows of the late 1990s and early 2000s. The series has made thousands of news headlines with revelations about the accusations of abuse and neglect that allegedly occurred on and off the sets of the shows created by disgraced producer Dan Schnieder. That includes allegations of abuse at the hands of acting coaches, directors, and other television producers and professionals.
The harrowing story starts in episode one, titled “Hidden in Plain Sight”, where former child actors accuse Schneider of creating a toxic workplace for female writers. The show goes on to examine the event where two crew members were arrested for child abuse among other shocking events that occurred and were allegedly covered up.
Drake Bell from Nickelodeon’s Drake & Bell show is said to be in the third episode where he accuses acting coach Brian Peck of sexual abuse. Additional featured former child stars include Giovonnie Samuels, Kyle Sullivan, Bryan Hearne, Katrina Johnson, and actors from The Amanda Show, All That, iCarly, and more. Dan Schneider, the creator behind several popular hit Nickelodeon shows, including “iCarly,” “Drake & Josh” and more has been accused of “sexualizing children,” in his shows but has vehemently denied these claims in several media interviews and statements leading up to and after the documentary’s debut.
What: Quiet on Set: The Dark Side of Kids TV
When: Available to stream on demand now
TV channel: ID Network
Watch the show live streaming online: You can watch the whole thing FREE with Philo (free trial), with Fubo (free trial), or with DirecTV Stream (free trial).
What TV channel is ID Network on? Find out by using the channel finders here: Verizon Fios, AT&T U-verse, Comcast Xfinity, Spectrum/Charter, Optimum/Altice, DIRECTV and Dish.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices