Dear …
It’s not you. It’s me. But thank you for everything. (I wished there were more.)
Love,
The Hopeless Romantic. 
If memories were meant to cultivate a lifetime of happiness, do we shelve the ones that remind us of hurt, betrayal and despair? Referencing the film, “Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind,” Ariana Grande’s music video for “we can’t be friends (wait for your love)” is an emotive song that has pulled at the heartstrings of the internet and quickly became a trend in many variations. Although there are many repeatable moments, most creators have recreated when the man she is with suddenly disappears from her memory. 
In an attempt to mimic this loss, individuals on the internet have intentionally “photoshopped” their friends/significant others out of the pictures they’ve taken with them and clipped Grande’s song to set the mood of the narrative they’re sharing. This new phenomenon followed Grande’s release of Eternal Sunshine and prompted individuals to reflect on past memories they’ve shared with loved ones. 
There’s something beautiful about how art can hold elusive meanings. Grande’s lyrics can be translated into different contexts for any relationship, and there’s no seemingly correct answer — making this song all-the-more relatable and trending because the trend is socially constructed from shared views of loss, yet the sentiments and contexts are all uniquely distinct. It’s a beautiful thing, really. 
When the melodic sound of the chorus refused to leave my TikTok For You page and I spiraled into a rabbit hole of seeking individuals who participated in this trend, I became increasingly curious about why they participated. Although I’ll never get the answer I want from these people, I still can’t help but wonder if the intentionally poorly photoshopped images of themselves and their past loved ones mean they’re still thinking about them. Perhaps so. 
The lyrics and experience of monitoring this trend have made me reflect on the hopes and dreams I have for my own love life. It’s a work in progress, sure, but this trend has made me realize more about the situationships I previously dismissed as forgettable. Rather, it became clear I had unresolved, leftover feelings about some of the situations I’ve had. Like Ariana, I wish it were easy to escape these memories, but they exist as part of the human experience. Hopefully, they prompt us with a rollercoaster of emotions that eventually leads to healing and finding the one.
We're an independent student-run newspaper, and need your support to maintain our coverage.
Join our weekly newsletter!
CHECK OUT OUR MOST RECENT PRINT EDITION
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: