Photo: Getty Images
Pop superstar Taylor Swift made apparent references to her boyfriend, Kansas City Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce, on her The Tortured Poets Department double album released on Friday (April 19).
Swift's song, 'The Alchemy' included several lyrics that seem to be tied to her publicized relationship with Kelce and celebration of his Super Bowl LVIII win earlier this year.
"Cheers chanting 'cause they said / There was no chance / Trying to be the greatest in the league / Where's the trophy?/ He just comes running over to me," Swift sang in the song's bridge. "Touch down / Call the amateurs and cut them from the team / Ditch the clowns, get the crown, baby I'm the one to beat / 'Cause the sign on your heart said it's still reserved for me / Honestly, who are we to fight the alchemy?" she continued in the chorus of the song, which also includes the line, "these blokes warm the benches."
Swift later surprised fans by releasing 15 more tracks two hours after her initial midnight release, including the song, 'So High School,' in which she sang, "you know how to ball," and, "are you gonna marry, kiss or kill me," referencing a since-viral clip in which Kelce chose her over Katy Perry and Ariana Grande as the "marry" option for a hypothetical "kiss, marry, kill" question while promoting his Catching Kelce dating show during a 2016 interview.
Swift and Kelce initially went public with their relationship when she attended his game against the Chicago Bears at Arrowhead Stadium in September. The three-time Super Bowl champion famously revealed that he attempted to give Swift a friendship bracelet with his phone number when he attended her concert at Arrowhead Stadium prior to their relationship last summer.
Swift later said that Kelce "very adorably put me on blast" when he acknowledged the situation on his podcast, which she said "was metal as hell" while being featured as Time Magazine's 'Person of the Year' in December 2023.
iHeartRadio is offering the chance for one lucky fan and a friend to see Swift at her Eras Tour October show at Hard Rock Stadium in Miami this fall in celebration of 'The Tortured Poets Department' release. The winner will get floor seats, as well as a signed guitar, airfare, a two-night hotel stay and a $200 gift card for ground transportation.