A tulip field in Norfolk is featured in a Hollywood blockbuster musical which was released in cinemas across the world today.


  The farm, near King's Lynn, attracts thousands of visitors each year and sweeping aerial shots of its vibrant colours have gone viral on social media on several occasions.


  But it will now be globally known as the set of Munchkinland in Wicked, a musical that serves as a prequel for The Wizard of Oz and stars Cynthia Erivo and Ariana Grande.


Stars Cynthia Erivo and Ariana Grande at the Wicked premiere in London (Image: Ian West/PA Wire) The story has been split into two parts and the second film is scheduled for release in 2025.


The field's owners, Mark and Susanne Eves, were astonished to be approached by Universal Studios location scouts in May 2022.


  "They wanted something very colourful and crisp," Mrs Eves explained.


The tulip field sits near King's Lynn and attracts a lot of attention online each year (Image: Supplied) "The vision was to have a large field full of millions of tulips that the characters could run through in different shots.


  "They told us what kind of colours and layout they wanted and they needed our expertise to make sure everything could be planted how they wanted by the time they were scheduled to shoot."


  Hundreds of cast and crew members came along for the filming in April 2023 and stayed in a village close to Terrington Marsh. 


Hundreds of cast and crew members arrived for filming (Image: Supplied) The couple and their daughter Olivia even got the opportunity to feature on camera as munchkins in scenes that will be included in the second instalment of the film.


  Mr Eves said the family watched part one together to celebrate Mrs Eves' birthday and found it "very emotional" to see everything put together.


  "We never truly thought it would come off," he said.


The couple and their daughter saw the first film today (Image: Supplied) "It's amazing because they could easily have used CGI to add some colourful tulips but they chose us.


  "It is absolutely amazing to see it on the big screen."


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.