Fireworks are displayed over the Olympic Stadium during the closing ceremony of the Tokyo Olympics on August 8, 2021, in Tokyo, Japan. (Photo by Carl Court/Getty Images)
The Paris Olympics is on its last few days, officially ending with a closing ceremony this Sunday. If the same efforts that went into building the enormous and ultra-sustainable Olympic Village and the star-studded opening ceremony on the Seine have been dedicated to the closing ceremony, then this is certainly something to get excited about.
The event will take place on land this time, with a “a unique and exceptional show” at the Stade de France. This year's organisers have suggested the ceremony will be "solemn and emotional, but it will also be a time for celebration... Innovative, surprising and brilliant, these ceremonies already promise to be very powerful."
Here's everything you need to know.
Spectators look on as athletes from Team France pass by on a boat on the River Seine during the opening ceremony of the Olympic Games Paris 2024 (Photo by Richard Heathcote/Getty Images)
The closing ceremony will be run from 9pm-11.15pm (8pm-10.15pm in the UK) on Sunday 11th August. You can watch the ceremony on BBC One from 7pm, or catch it on the iPlayer.
Lady Gaga performs ahead of the opening ceremony (Photo by Lars Baron/Getty Images)
After the star-studded opening ceremony featuring performances from Celine Dion and Lady Gaga, Tom Cruise is the name on everyone's radar. Tom Cruise was spotted filming a motorcycle scene with a large flag near the Arc de Triomphe, as reported by the French blog Sortir à Paris.
Beyond the Hollywood actor's potential cameo, we know to expect over a hundred performers, acrobats, dancers and circus artists descending into the concert venue. Part of the show will take place in the air, while the giant sets, costumes and spectacular lighting effects will take spectators on a journey through time, both past and future.
“It's a very visual, very choreographic, very acrobatic show with an operatic dimension to give a great visual fresco and say goodbye to athletes from all over the world,” artistic director Thomas Jolly said.
Celine Dion performing on the Eiffel Tower. (Screengrab by IOC via Getty Images)
The Olympic opening ceremony in Paris kicks off on Friday 26th July at 7.30pm in Paris (6.30pm in the UK) and is expected to last for about four hours. The coverage on BBC One begins at 5.45 pm UK time.
More from House & Garden
Contact
© Condé Nast Britain 2025.