Those who are having a relaxing Monday this Bank Holiday Weekend can bag a deal on a Burberry perfume that's being called the 'best of the best'. Weekend is usually £100 for a 100ml bottle but has dropped down to almost half price at £54.95 on Fragrance Direct.
Weekend for Women by Burberry is a floral perfume that was launched in 1997. The nose behind this fragrance is Nathalie Lorson who has worked on over 300 scents including the new YSL Black Opium, Another 13 by Le Labo and Mugler's Alien Goddess.
Weekend opens up with notes of Mignonette (a sweet fruity violet-like flower), Mandarin Orange and Sage. It's balanced out with a heart of Nectarine, Blue Hyacinth, Peach Blossom, Rose Hip, Iris, Red Cyclamen and Violet Root. The perfume is well grounded with base notes of Musk, Sandalwood and Cedar.
READ MORE: Marilyn Monroe fans can get their hands on her beloved fragrance - and it isn't Chanel No 5
READ MORE: Amazon shoppers rave over Ariana Grande's 'gorgeous' perfume with over 16K reviews
It's pulled in an average rating of 4.55 out of 5 from 133 reviews. One shopper penned: "This has been my favourite scent since I was a teenager. It’s my perfume I wear all the time and I love it."
A second wrote: "Great service from fragrance direct, value for money & quick delivery, I got the Burberry weekend to try for every day wear & was very pleased, it's not over powering & the fragrance lasts all day."
A third wrote: "It's a great fragrance for all year round. A fragrance that can be wore for any occasion. I bought mine for a present, which will be greatly received."
A fourth added: "Best of the best. I bought this and I love it. Just what the doctor ordered. Such a beautiful perfume. Highly recommended."
Not everyone is so happy though, with conflicting comments on the strength of the eau de parfum. One shopper said: "huge bottle lasts for ages as its a strong perfume, I don't have to drown myself in it like I do many others!" In direct contrast another said: "Very quick delivery and great price! However, it is not long lasting."
It's been compared to Jo Malone London Nectarine Blossom & Honey Cologne although it's more than triple the amount of perfume for less than you'd spend on a 30ml bottle of Jo Malone's. You can get Burberry Weekend for Women now.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.