By CHLOE LOUISE FOR MAILONLINE  
 Published:  22:08, 15 December 2024   |  Updated:  09:32, 17 December 2024   
 16
View  comments
Tom Grennan has showcased his crazy 'Christmas number 1' tattoo as he stays hopeful to beat WHAM! to the festive charts' top spot.  
The musician, 29, teamed up with Amazon to write the special festive song, It Can't Be Christmas, for their latest advert. 
And in a snap shared to his Instagram on Sunday, the singer has showed his confidence in his new hit as he got a tattoo to mark the potential occasion. 
Permanently marking the occasion with the words marked on his right leg, the performer begged his fans to let his move 'flop' and get listening to his latest release. 
Sharing a reel to his Instagram, Tom said: 'I thought I'd make it interesting. I'm going to get 'Christmas no.1 2024 is…' and I'm gonna let you lot decide what goes on my leg. It's up to you. Stream it, buy the vinyl. We'll see what happens. You lot, do not let this flop.'
The footage of Tom getting the tattoo done was sound tracked by It Can't Be Christmas' lyrics 'Have I gone stupid? Maybe. Have I gone mad? Someone save me.' The Christmas Number 1 reveal on Friday will be the judge!'
Tom Grennan has showcased his crazy 'Christmas number 1' tattoo on Sunday as he stays hopeful to bean WHAM! to the festive charts' top spot
And in a snap shared to the musician, 29, Instagram on Sunday, the singer has showed his confidence in his new hit as he got a tattoo to mark the potential occasion
Tom’s It Can’t Be Christmas is one of Amazon Music’s new festive releases for 2024. 
The song first entered the Top 40 two weeks ago reaching Number 25, before climbing to Number 6 on last Friday’s chart. 
The move marks the performer's comeback and he could be successful as last year's Amazon song reached number two.
Tom will be hoping to beat Amazon's previous star Sam Ryder's tune You're Christmas To Me. 
Amazon has had a strong of successful Christmas marketing campaign featuring UK-based pop stars.
In 2019, Ellie Goulding's cover of Joni Mitchell's River, topped the charts.
And the shopping giant has a secret weapon up its sleeve.
They plan to paly it to all customers who have Alexa devices meaning streams will go through the roof.
Permanently marking the occasion with the words marked on his right leg, the performer begged his fans to let his move 'flop' and get listening to his latest release, It Can't Be Christmas
Sharing a reel to his Instagram, Tom said: 'I thought I'd make it interesting. I'm going to get 'Christmas no.1 2024 is…' and I'm gonna let you lot decide what goes on my leg. It's up to you. Stream it, buy the vinyl. We'll see what happens. You lot, do not let this flop'
The Official Charts shared the musician's hopefulness in their own Instagram post 
Tom’s It Can’t Be Christmas is one of Amazon Music’s new festive releases for 2024 
The star hopes to beat Amazon's previous star Sam Ryder 's tune You're Christmas To Me according
Amazon has had a strong of successful Christmas marketing campaign featuring UK-based pop stars including Sam Ryder who last year narrowly missed out on the top spot
And this is not the first time Tom and Amazon have teamed up.
The online shopping platform will be hoping they will have another success on their hands following the viral success of Tom's Gillette song, The Best A Man Can Get.
The jingle has now proved so popular that the performer includes it in his gig setlists.
A source told the publication: 'Tom and Amazon signed their deal last month for him to be the voice of their big Christmas ad campaign.
'As with Gillette, Tom is recording a song for the adverts, which fans will be able to hear when they kick off the campaign.
Tom recently revealed he has been diagnosed with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) after years of being 'unable to focus' in his childhood (pictured in 2023)
Tom ralso married his girlfriend Daniella Carraturo on a luxurious estate in Majorca
'It's really catchy and will definitely become an ear worm for anyone who listens to it.'
They added that Amazon has been trying to sign up as many stars as possible to boost its adverts and is confident that this year they'll reach number one.   
The professional highs have come with some personal difficulties for Tom who recently opened up about his ADHD diagnosis.
Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) is a behavioural condition defined by inattentiveness, hyperactivity and impulsiveness. 
Speaking on Russell Howard's Wonderbox podcast, which releases Wednesday, Tom said he has been working with famed producer Justin Tranter, who has worked with Ariana Grande and Justin Bieber.
About his new album, Tom shared: 'I've been in the US writing my new album and it's been amazing. We've gone deep. It's about my struggle with different aspects of my life, whether it's alcohol or drugs. I've opened up about my life, from being a kid to now, family and relationships.'
In June, Tom admitted he found himself in a 'sinking hole' as he opened up about his mental health.
The hitmaker, who has always been candid about his struggles, told how he began to write music as a way of expressing his feelings.
Speaking to broadcaster Roman Kemp for mental health charity YoungMinds, Tom said: 'Something dramatically happened to me where I just found myself in this sinking hole.
'I couldn't get out of bed, I thought the whole world was against me. I thought I wasn't good enough, I never had been somebody who would talk about my feelings, especially to my friends and not to my parents, either.
'So then I started to just write little notes in a notepad and then picked up a guitar.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group