The most frustrating part of any festival is almost upon us – checking out the scheduling conflicts and making a decision…
It’s almost that time of year again – when you pack all the essentials to survive nearly a week in a tent and pray to the weather gods that Glastonbury 2024 doesn’t turn into a mud bath.
As exciting as a return to Worthy Farm is, the festival brings some frustration each year. With so many stages on its 1,100-acre site and hundreds of acts performing across them in just a handful of days, painful clashes are inevitable. And unlike some other festivals, Glastonbury isn’t the easiest place to watch the first half of one set and then dash to another stage to catch the end of someone else.
It’s better to go into the weekend having settled any arguments about who you and your mates are going to watch, or you risk spending half the festival squabbling instead of watching killer performances. Below, we’ve rounded up some of the worst clashes at Glastonbury 2024 to help get your planning going.
When: 6pm, Pyramid Stage vs 6pm, Woodsies
One is a bona fide legend of British music who can switch from folksy, electric harp-fuelled political meditations to ’90s staccato punk and back again and still make it make sense in one setlist. The other is one of our current greats whose songs are as beautifully rich in emotion as they are compellingly catchy. Whether you end up on team Polly Jean or team Arlo, getting there isn’t going to be an easy decision.
When: 10:15pm, Other Stage vs 11pm, The Park
For some Glasto-goers, this is the clash to end all clashes this year. Shouty punks IDLES will continue their ‘Tangk’ run by racing to the pinnacle of the Other Stage line-up – their highest billing at Glastonbury thus far. At around the same time, Irish experimentalists Fontaines D.C. will preview their upcoming album ‘Romance’ as they headline The Park stage. A severely agonising decision.
When: 7:30pm, Woodsies vs 7:30pm, The Park
It’s been six years since The Breeders last performed in the UK – or Europe, for that matter – so their Glastonbury booking feels like a rare chance to watch some musical legends. The UK’s very own Yard Act, on the other hand, are more accessible live but will be touting a setlist likely packed with tunes from their excellent and unusual second album, ‘Where’s My Utopia?’. The Breeders have recently been given Olivia Rodrigo’s seal of approval; Yard Act have been known to bring the faded glamour of British holiday resorts to their sets. A conundrum lies ahead.
When: 9pm, Woodsies vs 9:15pm, The Park
Sleaford Mods and Orbital’s performances at Glastonbury both feel timely for very different reasons. The Nottingham duo are well-known for setting the world to rights, and as the UK gears up for a general election, their set should be perfect for getting you in the mood to have your say and vote. The Kent dance wizards, meanwhile, are back at Worthy Farm on the 30th anniversary of their 1994 performance – a set that is often credited with opening the festival up to electronic music, helping shape it into the event it is today.
When: 3:45pm, Pyramid Stage vs 3:30pm, Woodsies vs 3:15pm, The Park
If you thought the last day would be kinder on you clash-wise, think again. Conventional logic suggests this three-way face-off should be won by Shania Twain, the country-pop icon performing in the coveted “legends slot”. That Sunday afternoon Pyramid Stage moment has become a must-see part of any Glastonbury and, often, a chance for you to gather in a huge crowd and unironically indulge in the pop hits of yesteryear.
But, while Twain lassoes Worthy Farm, Blondshell – one of the sharpest, smartest new faces in indie rock – makes her Glastonbury debut on the Woodsies stage. To add yet more anguish to this clash, Mdou Moctar take to The Park in this slot, too, and missing one of the most exciting and electrifying rock bands on the whole line-up feels like a genuine crime.
When: 2pm, West Holts vs 2pm, Woodsies
If there are two countries creating intriguing, exhilarating music and killing it right now, it’s South Korea and Ireland. Repping the former, Balming Tiger will bring their “alternative K-pop”, including tongue-in-cheek choreography and lots of infectious bars, to West Holts. Flying the flag for Ireland, NewDad will blow out Woodsies’ speakers with their grungy shoegaze masterpieces. Each will be great in their own way, but you can only choose one to enjoy.
When: 8pm, West Holts vs 8pm, Woodsies
Early Sunday night has plenty of big beats on offer – the question is what type to go for. Nia Archives will turn the farm into a big jungle rave on the West Holts stage, while The xx’s Romy will serve up some of the emotional house, trance and Balearic sounds from her debut album, ‘Mid Air’. The latter has also been known to mix things up with The xx and Ariana Grande remixes in her sets, which sounds like a potential fight winner for some.
When: 9:30pm, Woodsies vs 9:15pm, The Park
By the last acts of Sunday night, chances are your body will be aching, you’ll be running on very little sleep, and you’ll be almost ready to head home. If you’re looking for headliners to help you wind down, you’ve got two options – the soothing pop of London Grammar at The Park or the hypnotic electronics of James Blake at Woodsies. Both are strong choices. Both are on at the same time.
See Glastonbury 2024’s full line-up and schedule here
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.