The Wicked & Béis collection arrived Oct. 9. Here's how to shop the new release. 

													By
												

	Latifah Muhammad


	All products and services featured are independently chosen by editors. However, Billboard may receive a commission on orders placed through its retail links, and the retailer may receive certain auditable data for accounting purposes.

Travel with a dash of whimsy. Béis and Universal Pictures are partnering to release a magical collection that’ll add a dose of magic to your next travel adventure.






	
	
		
					Explore		
	





		Explore	

















	
		
					Billboard		
					


See latest videos, charts and news



See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	“I’ve always believed that travel is a magical experience, and collaborating with Wicked allowed us to really lean into that idea. Creating pieces that add a bit of magic to every journey,” Béis founder Shay Mitchell said in a statement announcing the collaboration last week.  




			Trending on Billboard		








	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					This $18 Fridge Magnet Can Be Personalized With Your Favorite Song (And Actually Play It)		
	



	05/02/2025	







	The Béis x Wicked collection launched on Wednesday (Oct. 9) at 9 a.m. PT via the brand’s website, features four new silhouettes — the Wicked Weekender, Wicked Tote bags, a Wicked Backpack and Wicked Toiletry Kit — available in a Wicked-inspired green, pink (the luggage features an iridescent, ombre finish). There’s also a classic black colorway.

	










Priced from $68 to $378, the collection includes two bubble-inspired editions of Béis bestselling Rollers in an ombre finish, a new key leash, card wallet, a mirror and removable Wicked-themed charms.
A post shared by BÉIS (@beis)

Wicked — a silver-screen adaptation of the hit musical, which was based on Gregory Maguire’s bestselling novel of the same name — stars Ariana Grande, Cynthia Erivo, Michelle Yeoh, Jonathan Bailey, Peter Dinklage and Jeff Goldblum. The film, directed by Jon M. Chu, shares the story of how Glinda the Good Witch and Elphaba, the Wicked Witch of the West, became unlikely friends.

	“We wanted to pay homage to the gorgeous Glindas who have come before me while also creating our own version,” Grande said of the character in a September Vogue interview. “My pop persona is such a characterized version on its own. Beauty really helped me deconstruct that person and find Glinda. I just wanted to live in the DNA and mindset of the character. Now I love the color pink and it feels like part of me. I think it’s something I’ll be forever intertwined with in a very special way.”

	Before the film hits theaters on Nov. 22, Wicked fans can shop movie-inspired merch such as the Wicked x r.e.m. beauty collection, Wicked x Opi, Wicked x H&M, Wicked Lego sets, Wicked dolls, Wicked: The Game and Wicked Funko Pop! figurines.

	Shop the Béis x Wicked collection here. 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.