Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
The superstar singer-songwriter kicked off her speech after winning best collaboration by acknowledging the 23rd anniversary of the tragedy.

							By 

	Hilary Lewis

Deputy Editor, East Coast, THR.com

Taylor Swift took a moment to remember the tragedy of the 9/11 terrorist attacks when she accepted her first award during the telecast at the 2024 MTV VMAs.

	Taking the stage to accept her best collaboration Moon Person with “Fortnight” collaborator Post Malone, Swift began by reflecting on the 23rd anniversary of the 2001 terrorist attack on New York’s World Trade Center.



	“Waking up this morning in New York on September 11, I’ve just been thinking about what happened 23 years ago — everyone who lost a loved one and everyone that we lost,” Swift said. “And that is the most important thing about today. And everything that happens tonight falls behind that.”

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	Movies
			



	
		
					Oscars Keep 2026 Date as L.A. Marathon Agrees to Reschedule to Avoid Conflict		
			














	
	Lifestyle
			



	
		
					'Oh, Mary's' Cole Escola on Tony Noms: "If I'm Allowed to Be Sincere, Today Would Be the Day"		
			








	Swift, who made headlines and prompted more than 300,000 visits to the vote.gov website with her Kamala Harris endorsement after Tuesday night’s presidential debate, then went on to thank Post Malone.
Taylor Swift and Post Malone accept the award for best collaboration for "Fortnight" at the #VMAs pic.twitter.com/jzOzlXVwIE

	Later Tuesday, MTV alum Carson Daly also took a moment to honor the 9/11 anniversary, saying “Before we get to the next award, let’s acknowledge what happened here in New York on this day 23 years ago and never forget our heroes, the first responders and the families of the fallen that the Tuesday’s Children organization have helped bring to this show tonight. We’re glad to have you.”

	The 2024 MTV VMAs, airing live from Long Island’s UBS Arena, were originally set to air on Sept. 10 before they were pushed back by a day so as not to conflict with the debate between Harris and Donald Trump.

	When the high-profile music awards show was rescheduled, MTV acknowledged that the event would be taking place on the 23rd anniversary of 9/11.

	“In observance of the 23rd anniversary of 9/11, MTV will again support the nonprofit 9/11 Day, which organizes the September 11 National Day of Service and Remembrance and Tuesday’s Children, which serves the families of 9/11,” the network said in a statement last month.

	Taylor Swift leads the 2024 VMA nominations with 12 nods, followed by Post Malone with 11, Eminem with eight and Ariana Grande, Megan Thee Stallion, SZA and Sabrina Carpenter with seven each. 

Sept. 13, 3:08 p.m. Updated to add Carson Daly’s 9/11 comments.
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.