Boots has revealed some big savings on popular perfumes with discounts on brands including YSL Black Opium, Boss, Lancôme, Dior Sauvage and Giorgio Armani.
In some cases, the fragrances are half price while others are up to 20% off. Boots says customers can explore the full fragrance collection and take advantage of up to 20% off until December 23 online and December 24 in-store using the Boots Fragrance Finder. Below, we have rounded up some of the deals to be had.
The savings include £27 off BOSS Bottled Eau de Toilette and £54 off YSL Black Opium Illicit Green. Also on the list are discounts for ARI by Ariana Grande, Jean Paul Gaultier Le Male Eau de Toilette Spray, Prada Paradoxe Eau de Parfum and Lancôme La Vie Est Belle Iris Absolu. Full details are outlined below.
This is priced at £57, down from £84, which means you save £27. The Boots website says: "Vibrant with fresh and sensuous notes, BOSS Bottled Eau de Toilette exudes distinction and sophistication.
"Balanced by a fresh and fruity top note, the warm, spicy-floral heart is dominated by geraniums and seasoned with just a dab of clove. The base note is decidedly male, a vibrating harmony of sandalwood, cedar and vetiver. Hour by hour, the scent unfolds and takes on a different quality that inspires and stays with the BOSS man throughout his day. Elevate your daily routine with this timeless classic or gift it for your man of today."
BOSS Bottled Eau de Toilette 100ml is available for £57 from Boots here. It can also be bought for £54 from Amazon. The Perfume Shop is offering it for £84, however members can get 50% off a second item. 
Get all the latest money news and budgeting tips from Chronicle Live with our free newsletter
This is rated among the UK's best-selling fragrances. It was £75 but you can now get it for £63.75, amounting to a saving of £11.25.
The product description says: "Natural ingredients, selected with extreme care, prevail in excessive doses. Radiant top notes burst with the juicy freshness of Reggio di Calabria Bergamot. Ambroxan, derived from precious ambergris, unleashes a powerfully woody trail. It is an act of creation inspired by wide-open spaces."
You can buy the DIOR Sauvage Eau de Toilette 60ml for £63.75 from Boots here. Alternatively, it is available for £68.50 from The Perfume Shop.
You can get this bottle for half price - £54. It was £108. The website states: "Introducing new YSL Black Opium Illicit Green Eau de Parfum, a fresh, vibrant take on the iconic, best-selling Black Opium.
"Inspired by the world of mixology, Illicit Green has key notes of zesty green mandarin, creamy fig and the signature Black Opium coffee base. Energizing, loud and fresh."
Boots is selling YSL Black Opium Illicit Green Eau de Parfum 75ml here for £54. You can also purchase it from The Perfume Shop for £64.99.
This scent is up for grabs for £47.50 - again a half-price discount. It was £95. If you want to know more about the fragrance, the website says: "My Way is a contemporary floral fragrance composed of the finest natural ingredients: Vanilla is sourced from Madagascar through an inclusive program that benefits local communities, while the Tuberose is harvested in India.
"In creating the notes, craftsmanship meets innovation, as the Tuberose heart is extracted using molecular distillation, allowing the perfumers to select the creamy, velvety facets tailor-made for My Way. The Orange blossom note is extracted in Egypt using an innovative, exclusive and entirely natural enfleurage process, whose cold extraction method infuses the Orange flowers in Orange essence. The artisanal approach finally translates in the manual weighing and blending of the fragrance’s concentrate in Grasse creates pure, highly-refined notes with enhanced radiance and naturality."
Check out the Giorgio Armani My Way Eau de Parfum 50ml Refillable bottle for £47.50 here. Elsewhere, you can get it for £82.45 from Sephora. 
There's a huge saving to be made on this fragrance. It was £100 but is now on offer for £47, which equates to a saving of £53.
The product description says: "The green and juicy accents of Fig Accord and Blackcurrant blend with Jasmine Sambac and an overdose of Iris, ten times more concentrated, enhanced by deep notes of patchouli and a gourmand accord."
Read more about it on the Boots website here, where it can be bought for £47. The Perfume Shop is selling the La Vie Est Belle Iris Absolu Eau de Parfum Spray for £84.99.
Shoppers can save £29 on ARI by Ariana Grande Eau de Parfum 100ml. It is available for £24, reduced from £53. According to the description: "ARI by Ariana Grande is a genuine and intimate statement by Grande through scent, embodying her unique character and style.
"Hints of unexpected playfulness appear throughout the fragrance story, reminding fans to embrace their flaws and celebrate their differences. Playful, timeless and confident, the luscious fragrance - a Floral Fruity Gourmand - opens with sparkling fruits and an ultra-feminine floral, passionately spun with musk’s, woods, and an addictive hint of marshmallow."
You can buy the scent for £24 from Boots here. It also also available at The Perfume Shop for £29.99. 
Boots has this fragrance for £58.65, reduced by £10.35 from £69. The details state: "Discover a new floral ambery fragrance that embraces the paradoxes of iconic ingredients to re-invent a feminine classic.
"Prada’s new Eau de Parfum opens with delicate, light, and crisp notes of Neroli, extracted just as the flower blooms to capture the bud’s freshest dimension. Amber accords sit at the heart of the fragrance to reveal a vibrant warmth and re-invented sensuality. At the base, to bring a subtly intense, long-lasting, and unforgettable depth to Paradoxe, a new musk molecule has been developed, light enough to notice right from the first spritz."
You can buy it from Boots for £58.65 here. Elsewhere, The Perfume Shop is offering it for £69 here.
If you like the sound of this scent, you can buy it for £56.95, reduced by £10.05 from £67. The product description states: "Jean Paul Gaultier Le Male is as virile as it is sexy.
"A light eau de toilette with an unconventional interpretation of masculinity, thanks to the inclusion of sweet, sensual vanilla combined with the retro smell of lavender. Gaultier pays tribute to the symbolic figure of the sailor with the iconic toned torso bottle. This lavender powered perfume has the freshness of mint and warmth of vanilla - an unforgettable modern, fougere amber scent."
Check it out here for £56.95 on the Boots website. Sephora is also selling it for £56.95, while The Perfume Shop has it for £67. 
Boots shoppers are being offered this scent for £82.45. It has been reduced £14.55 from £97.
Here are more details: "A grand floral Eau de Parfum with an unequivocal YSL twist. The burning sensuality of the orange blossom flowers from Morocco, twisted with the aromatic boldness of lavender from France. Lavender, traditionally used in male perfumery is given an ultra sensual facet for a women’s perfume that is both fiery and couture, with that uniquely androgynous YSL attitude."
You can get YSL Libre Eau de Parfum 50ml from Boots for £82.45. Sephora is also offering the fragrance for £82.45 and The Perfume Shop has it for £89.99. 
ChronicleLive is now on WhatsApp and we want you to join our communities.
We have a number of communities to join, so you can choose which one you want to be part of and we'll send you the latest news direct to your phone. You could even join them all!
To join you need to have WhatsApp on your device. All you need to do is choose which community you want to join, click on the link and press 'join community'.
No one will be able to see who is signed up and no one can send messages except the ChronicleLive team.
We also treat our community members to special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners.
If you don't like our community, you can check out any time you like. To leave our community click on the name at the top of your screen and choose 'exit group'.
If you’re curious, you can read our privacy notice.
Join the ChronicleLive Breaking News and Top Stories community
Join our Court & Crime community
Join the Things to do in Newcastle and the North East community
Join our Northumberland community
Join our County Durham community
Join our Sunderland community
Join our NUFC community 
Join our SAFC community
Join our Great North Run community