Cyber Monday is on the last chances to pull in a mega deal before Christmas. If you feel like you've got discounts coming out of your ears, then we've managed to cut through the sea of sales.
On the hunt for a designer fragrance without the designer price tag? Well, you'll be happy to know the likes of Boots and LOOKFANTASTIC are still pumping out the bargains for some of the most popular scents.
And that includes the YSL Black Opium Neon Eau de Parfum that now has 50% off at LOOKFANTASTIC. The bottle is a 75ml size which should make you smell good for a while, but now at a cheaper price.
READ MORE: Amazon Fire TV Stick 4K Max is handy way to upgrade your TV this Cyber Monday
READ MORE: 'I got salon-looking curls at home with air styler and I'm rubbish at doing my own hair'
If you're looking for more bargains then Senior Features Writer Layla Nicholson has complied a list of fragrances' you might want to put in your basket to live on your chest of drawers or to put under the tree for a loved one.
Let's take a look...
The newest version of YSL's popular perfume Libre can be snagged for £14.40 cheaper this Cyber Monday. Dua Lipa is the face of Libre helping make it one of the French designer's most popular scents.
But, also, it smells powerful yet flirty with notes of bergamot, lavender, coconut and orange blossom along with the base note of the sensual vanilla - which is an aphrodisiac.
Having been gifted the original YSL Libre for Christmas some years back and being a firm favourite of mine, the newest Flowers and Flames provides a more sensual take on the already sexy scent. It's still fun, but with a mature twist - perfect for fans growing with the evolution of the perfume.
Buy here for £57.60
Black Opium is another YSL perfume that is often on the list of many women's wish lists, it's a statement. And now you can get the 75ml for half price this Cyber Monday.
That's right, a whole 50% off the cult classic perfume that was launched back in 2019. Black Opium has never made it to my own collection, simply because I was always a Libre girl back at home and my mum was all about Black Opium.
That's not because I didn't want to smell like her, but when living at home, we would pinch each other's YSL perfumes - best of both world's.
Now that it's cheaper, you won't have to share with your mum or daughter as at £54 instead of £108 you can get your own. What a bargain! It's the 'edgier' version of the popular perfume, with notes of coffee, dragon fruit and white musk.
Buy here for £54
Sol de Janeiro is one of those brands that has gone viral on TikTok over the last year. If you're one who likes to keep up with trends or is buying a gift for someone who does, then this is both cheap and cheerful.
At £7.20 off and only £16.80, this is an affordable scent this Cyber Monday that is not going to break the break nor get any weird faces from that TikTok viral obsessed family member.
It's one that I've got an eye on for a younger female member who loves to have the 'in' thing. The Sol de Janeiro mist has notes of pistachio and salted caramel.
Buy here for £16.80
This Prada perfume is a favourite for a reason, and that's because it smells elegance. And now you can reek of demure for £13.80 less this Cyber Monday.
The Prada Paradoxe has never made it into my basket but it's one that I absolutely love and is on the top of my list for my next fragrance purchase - or if a loved one wants to buy me it for Christmas...
It has sophisticated notes of amber, neroli and jasmine, which make you smell expensive and important - if even if you don't feel it.
Buy here for £77.60
Lancôme La Vie Est Belle was the perfume gifted to me last year and it was one of my favourites out of my 'annual perfume Christmas present'.
This is the 'intense' version of the fragrance that pairs the sweeter and more innocent notes of raspberry and vanilla with bergamot, sandalwood and jasmine.
It's a perfume with a perfect balance of bold and soft, which is a perfect choice for someone who you want to buy a fragrance for but don't know what they like.
And it's £42 off this Cyber Monday.
Buy here for £63
This incredibly chic perfume is now £33.60 this Cyber Monday meaning the 80ml bottle in under £112. Givenchy's L'Interdit is one of my most loved perfumes after I bagged a sample in Sephora back in Paris in 2019.
I've loved it ever since having bought the full size of this one and was gifted the more intense rouge for my birthday last year. Both versions smell great, but the original is by far one of the best perfumes I've ever had.
It smells expensive and important with notes of pear, patchouli and bergamot. Still, I don't know how to pronounce L'Interdit, but it means "forbidden" in French - which defines that sensual and mysterious scent.
Buy here for £78.40
One of the leading ladies of the moment Ariana Grande has a whole plethora of perfumes to her name and now the popular Cloud Pink is £8.75 cheaper at £26.25.
This is a great gift for someone who loves Wicked or is a big fan of the popstar. It's not overly expensive and can make for a really thoughtful present, one that I'm thinking of getting a huge musical buff in my family for Christmas.
It's a fun, floral and freeing fragrance with notes of pineapple, dragon fruit and berries. Ariana Grande's Cloud Pink will most certainly be popular this Christmas.
Buy here for £26.25
Gucci Flora still proves to be ever popular and now you can get the newest Gorgeous Orchid version for £76 instead of £95 - saving you £19.
It's a fragrance who has Miley Cyrus of the face of it, making it cool and care-free. The original Gucci Flora made it onto my Christmas list and under the tree a number of years ago and it's certainly a memorable one.
I've been sniffing the four Flora's in the shops to get a gist of what I might want to try next and Gorgeous Orchid is up there thanks to it's fruity and floral notes. Think vanilla, cucumber and banana.
You'll be walking around smelling like a five-a-day everyone wants to eat!
Buy here for £76
The bottle alone on this one is convincing enough to buy. If you want something purely based on 'I like' or 'they like' the bottle design, this is a winner.
But, of course, it's all about scents and the discount too. Let's start on the latter, you can now get Marc Jacob's Perfect Elixir 50ml for £73.50 instead of £98 - that's quite the saving.
It has notes of honey, plum and and rhubarb, which will just make you smell quite delicious. I've always been a huge fan of Daisy, but the more I sniff the testers the more I want to buy.
Buy here for £73.50
This new perfume, that has supermodel Gigi Hadid in the campaign, is hoping to be the new signature scent of Paco Rabanne that had the cult-favourite Lady Million.
Million Gold is a more fierce and feminine version of that, it wants to make you feel like you're draped in 'gold' and are worth it. Now smelling expensive is cheaper as you can get the fragrance for £53.60 instead of £67 this Cyber Monday.
Think vanilla, pear, rose, moss and ylang ylang. This could be a perfect gift for someone who likes to be bang-on-trend but with a pricier taste.
Buy here for £53.60
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.