December 17, 2024
10:06 PM
David Lee/Netflix
2024 movies had a range of quality storytelling for all audiences. Buddy comedy and action blockbuster “Bad Boys: Ride or Die” made for one of the rave-worthy films of the summer. “The Piano Lesson” excellently recreates a classic Broadway play. “A Quiet Place: Day One” gave a fresh perspective to the “Quiet Place” series while taking the horror-thriller back to the beginning. And these are only a few movies that kept our attention throughout the year.
“Blink Twice”
First-time filmmaker and beloved actress Zoë Kravitz kept us on the edge of our seats in her directorial debut, "Blink Twice." Starring Naomi Ackie as wide-eyed hostess Frida, who’s whisked off to a remote island by mysterious tech entrepreneur Slater King (Channing Tatum), the psychological thriller uncovers alarming conspiracies that are otherwise kept hidden. Bacchanal horrors occur when Frida and other women on the private island are under King’s spell, and it"s up to the women to make it out alive.
"The Book of Clarence"
Lakeith Stanfield delivers as an iteration of the Messiah in Jeymes Samuel-directed biblical comedy-drama "The Book of Clarence." Leading as the titular Hebrew character during A.D. 33, Clarence starts off as an unbeliever and false prophet before going on a rigorous journey to achieve his hopes of becoming the 13th apostle. Accompanying him on his quest are friends Elijah (RJ Cyler) and Barabbas (Omar Sy) in the epic flick, which has an ensemble cast and an impressive soundtrack featuring Doja Cat, D"Angelo, Kid Cudi and Samuel.
"Challengers"
Men can't get enough of Zendaya in the love triangle of romantic sports drama "Challengers." The Emmy-winning actress leads the film as coach and former tennis star Tashi Duncan, who’s caught in between a longtime feud between ex-friends and fellow tennis players Patrick Zweig (Josh O'Connor) and her husband, Art Donaldson (Mike Faist). "Challengers" splits between present-day and memory, when the beginning of Tashi, Art and Patrick"s fallout is revisited. The film"s techno score and high-speed shots victoriously capture the film"s tension, making "Challengers" a win.
"Bad Boys: Ride or Die"
Detective Marcus Burnett (Martin Lawerence) and MPD Detective Mike Lowrey (Will Smith) reach veteran status in the fourth installment of the "Bad Boys" series, "Bad Boys: Ride or Die." The summertime blockbuster reintroduces the Miami detectives as they try to restore honor to late Captain Conrad Howard (Joe Pantoliano) and his alleged tie-ins to local drug cartels. Even with Lawrence and Smith in their late-50s, the "Bad Boys" action reaches an all-time high as Burnett and Lowrey strengthen their brotherhood through crime-fighting, aging and ailing health.
"A Quiet Place: Day One"
Lupita Nyong"o gives a show-stopping performance as Sam, the first woman of color to lead an installment of the "Quiet Place" franchise. In the horror-thriller, Sam lives as a terminally ill cancer sufferer in New York when the city is plagued by grotesque creatures that descend upon residents. Warned to keep herself hushed as to not agitate the aliens, Sam’s heartfelt emotion in "Day One" brings the series full circle.
"Nickel Boys"
RaMell Ross-directed historical drama "Nickel Boys" is sure to live with viewers for years to come. An adaptation of Colson Whitehead’s Pulitzer Prize-winning masterpiece The Nickel Boys, the film closely follows the friendship between Elwood Curtis (Ethan Herisse) and Jack Turner (Brandon Wilson), both students struggling to survive the abusive conditions at the segregated reform school Nickel Academy. Both picturesque and hard to watch, "Nickel Boys" disarms audiences in this challenging portrayal of survival and brotherhood in the Jim Crow South.
"Piece by Piece"
Pharrell Williams retells his Virginia upbringing and extraordinary musical career exclusively through LEGO animation in Morgan Neville-directed biopic "Piece by Piece." The film doesn"t just tell the behind-the-scenes stories of The Neptunes-produced classics like Gwen Stefani's “Hollaback Girl” and Snoop Dogg’s “Drop It Like It"s Hot” but also the existential crises that Williams faced as his fame bolstered. "Piece by Piece" makes for an honest film and one that takes fans of the 13-time Grammy winner on a colorful ride.
"The Piano Lesson"
Malcolm Washington, the youngest son of Denzel Washington, poignantly captures the spirit of August Wilsons play "The Piano Lesson" in its film adaptation. Starring John David Washington, Danielle Deadwyler and Samuel L. Jackson, "The Piano Lesson" shows the familial struggle between siblings Boy Willie (Washington) and Berniece (Deadwyler) over their ancestral heirloom, a carved wooden piano. But as the piano holds onto the Charles family's history through slavery, it also carries trauma that Boy Willie and Berniece must confront to free themselves.
"Wicked: Part 1"
Cynthia Erivo becomes the first woman of color to play Elphaba in the musical, "Wicked: Part 1," starring opposite pop star and actress Ariana Grande (Glinda the Good) in the Broadway show’s theatrical adaptation. Bringing her British charm and powerful vocals to the screen, Erivo takes Elphaba to new heights and “Defying Gravity” in the first installment of her pre-Wicked Witch of the West origin story.
"Gladiator II"
Denzel Washingtons charisma and legendary poise enliven "Gladiator II," which comes nearly 25 years after its prequel. While Washington’s queer character of Macrinus is central to the Ridley Scott-directed historical action film, its protagonist Lucius (Paul Mescal) who bravely seeks revenge against the Roman Army and General Acacius (Pedro Pascal) in honor of his fallen father and Gladiator predecessor, Maximus Decimus Meridius.
Trending Now
By clicking Subscribe, you confirm that you have read and agree to our Terms of Use and acknowledge our Privacy Policy. You also agree to receive marketing communications, updates, special offers (including partner offers) and other information from BET and the Paramount family of companies. You understand that you can unsubscribe at any time.
© 2025 Black Entertainment Television LLC. All rights reserved.