“I just want to dedicate this to the 22 Manchester bees. Forever buzzing"
Nickelback have teamed up with The Lottery Winners for a live cover of Oasis‘ ‘Don’t Look Back In Anger’ in Manchester.
The Canadian rockers kicked off the UK leg of their ‘Get Rollin’ world tour last week (May 16) with The Lottery Winners serving as opening support. Last night (May 20), the two bands performed a rendition of Oasis’ 1996 hit track in Manchester’s AO Arena.
The Lottery Winners’ Thom Rylance and Katie Lloyd and Nickelback’s Ryan Peake took on Noel Gallagher’s vocals and sang ‘Don’t Look Back In Anger’ to the 20,000 fans in attendance.
Look at this photograph… pic.twitter.com/6smGuNcRX7
— Lottery Winners (@LotteryWinners) May 17, 2024
“I just want to dedicate this to the 22 Manchester bees. Forever buzzing,” Rylance told the crowd before jumping into the song, referring to the victims of the Manchester Arena attack at the Ariana Grande gig back in 2017.
The two bands previously covered ‘Don’t Look Back In Anger’ in Glasgow on May 16. Nickelback are set to play London The O2 tonight (May 21) and will wrap up their UK tour at the Birmingham Utilita Arena on Thursday (May 23).
Nickelback’s latest tour is in support of their first album in five years, ‘Get Rollin’’ which was released in November last year.
Speaking to NME ahead of the release, frontman Kroeger said that the aim of the new record was to inspire “wonderful emotions” because “music’s supposed to be about escapism”.
Recorded during lockdown at his home studio in Vancouver, the process gave the band plenty of time and space for creativity. “With this last record, the pace was so lax: there was no hurry, no rush,” said Kroeger. “That type of vibe lends itself to creativity.”
In other news, The Lottery Winners will serve as opening support for Noel Gallagher’s High Flying Birds at their show at Wigan Robin Park on July 18. Visit here to find remaining tickets.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.