By Hugh McIntyre 
			on 
			January 13, 2024									@popbanghugh



The world has been waiting to hear from Ariana Grande for several years. The singer has been busy running her businesses and filming the Wicked movies, so music took a backseat. But the superstar has now returned to the medium that made her a global powerhouse, and her comeback is everything we could have wanted.
On Friday, Grande released her new single “Yes, And?” The tune is a pure pop smash incorporating dance and house elements. The production simultaneously looks into the past for inspiration while bringing the electronic music that LGBTQ audiences in the ’90s adored so much into the here and now.
Hours after the song was made available everywhere, Grande dropped the music video that accompanies the single. In the clip, music critics and industry executives are seen gossiping about the star, claiming that they don’t love her anymore and they miss the “old” Ari. Once the music begins and the show starts, their opinion seems to change.
The dance-focused treatment is perfectly and exquisitely choreographed. It’s clear that Grande isn’t the best dancer among the women in pop, but the moves in the “Yes, And?” video aren’t a heavy lift, and they allow the singer to look beautiful while still managing to deliver a great performance.
“Yes, And?” is the first great pop single of 2024. The track quickly rose to the top of iTunes and streaming charts on various platforms, showing immense interest in the new cut. Grande’s latest single will likely enjoy a lofty debut on the Billboard charts next week, and it could even compete to start at No. 1 on the Hot 100, as many of her other smashes have done in the past.
The singer has been teasing new music for more than a month. Before “Yes, And?” was officially announced, she hinted that something was coming by showing she was in the studio. Then, the cover art for the tune emerged a few days ago, and fans understood that a bop was imminent.
“Yes, And?” is the first taste of Grande’s forthcoming seventh album. The rumor is that it will be titled Eternal Sunshine, based on a handful of social media clues. The full-length is expected at some point in 2024, though for now, there’s no official release date.

 
											By Doug Rule 
											on 
											April 8, 2025																																	@ruleonwriting



“I was talking to a couple of homosexuals down in Melbourne, and they were talking to me about listening to Kylie,” John Grant says rather gleefully, clearly relishing this anecdote from his recent tour of Australia. “And I was like, ‘She came and guested at my show at Royal Albert Hall, and came on stage during ‘Glacier.’” The Aussies’ response? “They were just looking at me like I had two heads on my shoulders. They were looking at me like a German Shepherd hearing a weird noise.
“It was really hilarious,” he continues, “because it was just as epic for me as it was for them hearing that.”
These are challenging times for news organizations. And yet it’s crucial we stay active and provide vital resources and information to both our local readers and the world. So won’t you please take a moment and consider supporting Metro Weekly with a membership? For as little as $5 a month, you can help ensure Metro Weekly magazine and MetroWeekly.com remain free, viable resources as we provide the best, most diverse, culturally-resonant LGBTQ coverage in both the D.C. region and around the world. Memberships come with exclusive perks and discounts, your own personal digital delivery of each week’s magazine (and an archive), access to our Member's Lounge when it launches this fall, and exclusive members-only items like Metro Weekly Membership Mugs and Tote Bags! Check out all our membership levels here and please join us today!

More Scene

Washington's LGBTQ Magazine
P.O. Box 11559
Washington, DC 20008
(202) 638-6830
About Us page


Follow Us:
· Facebook
· Twitter
· Flipboard

· YouTube
· Instagram
· RSS News | RSS Scene

Copyright ©2024 Jansi LLC.

													You must be logged in to post a comment.