A mum who survived the Manchester Arena terror attack has told how she is a prisoner in her own home – seven years after the horror.
Joanne McSorley, 50, was left disabled from injuries sustained in the blast and lives with chronic pain and debilitating depression. Nearly a decade on, the mum-of-two is still waiting for compensation and says there has been “zero” support to help rebuild her life.
She told the Mirror: “At the beginning, I thought help would come because we were collateral damage of a high profile terror attack – but I’ve been left with nothing and made to feel like a criminal.
“I’m dependent on everyone – I don’t leave the house because the house isn’t suitable for me anymore. This is a horrible, horrible, meaningless way to live – I’m not living, I’m just existing."
Joanne shared her story ahead of today’s seventh anniversary of the atrocity, which was carried out as more than 14,000 people left the venue after an Ariana Grande concert.
The blast on May 22, 2017, left 22 innocent people dead – including eight-year-old Saffie Roussos – and more than 1,000 injured and traumatised. Joanne and mum Susan, then 62, were waiting to collect her girls Ellie, 16 and Libby, 11, in the foyer at Manchester Arena when terrorist Salman Abedi detonated the bomb.
The next thing she knew, she was in a scene of complete devastation – covered in blood and not knowing if her loved ones were safe.
She said: “It was like nothing I’ve ever heard – ever. I was 15 to 20 feet away from the detonation, which became known, to the emergency services, as the red zone due to its close proximity to the explosion.
“I remember opening my eyes, obviously I didn’t have my eyes closed but the impact of it must have done that to my body automatically. I thought I was standing up, but I wasn’t, I was on the floor – so it had obviously blown me to the floor.
“And it was just a really odd silence – it’s a silence I‘ve never heard before, and that actually frightened me more than the blast, because I felt like I was in some kind of parallel-type world.”
Joanne's mum suffered mild shrapnel injuries but was able to find the girls who were miraculously unharmed. They had to leave the building while Joanne waited some three hours in the foyer on a makeshift stretcher made from arena merchandising boards before being taken to a nearby hospital.
She had a six-hour-op, was put in an induced coma for three days and spent the next 11 weeks in hospital. Her injuries included a compound fracture and nerve damage to her left upper arm, multiple complex leg fractures, wounds to her stomach and 27 other shrapnel injuries.
But escaping with her life intact was far from the end of the ordeal, and Joanne has had to come to terms with being a survivor carrying lifelong physical and emotional wounds. She was forced to quit her job as a higher-level teaching assistant and now relies on benefits to get by.
And partner Gareth, 51, left work as an HGV driver to become her full-time carer. Joanne says leaving the life she knew and loved has been the biggest challenge.
She added: “I had worked my whole life – I started in the job I was in at 18 and I was still at the same school up until the attack. I loved it because it made me me – now I don’t have anything that makes me me, because all of those things that made me that person have gone. I always say my body didn’t die that night, but my life did – because this is no life now, I’m simply existing.”
Joanne relies on a walking aid to get around and uses a mobility scooter for longer distances. But steep steps to the front and back of the family home in Runcorn, Cheshire, mean she can’t leave the house unaided.
She’s currently battling for funding to fit outdoor ramps and a downstairs toilet through the government's Criminal Injuries and Compensation Scheme and was forced to attend an appeal hearing.
But officials refused Joanne's appeal, claiming she should have applied for a grant through her local authority, Halton Borough Council. Joanne's circumstances, however, mean she doesn't qualify for council support – so now finds herself stuck with nowhere to turn.
She said: “The tribunal was like being in court, there’s a judge and you’re quizzed – It’s disgusting. How on earth are you supposed to rebuild your life? I shouldn’t have to beg, steal and borrow to be able to move forward a little bit.
“The effort just to get up in the morning and get ready is a massive thing. To then have to battle each day for one benefit or resource, it’s wrong. Theresa May was PM at the time and she stood and said help would be forthcoming – but they’ve not done anything.”
Pop star Ariana, 30, returned to Man­­chester two months after the attack for the One Love benefit gig at Old Trafford Cricket Ground, telling the crowd: “Thanks for being so loving.”
A three-year public inquiry into the atrocity ended in March last year. Among its findings, it ruled that MI5 had missed key chances to prevent the bombing. And last month lawyers confirmed at least 150 survivors plan to sue the intelligence service for failing to act.
An earlier report identified problems with communications between emergency services in the immediate aftermath of the blast, leading to delays in many victims being treated.
But as the shockwaves of that fateful day continue to be felt, Joanne is trying to stay positive. She recently joined Survivors Against Terror, a network of terror attack survivors, and is supporting the group’s push to create a charter to help support victims.
“We need support in one place to help people like me navigate the maze of systems the government has in place and a space for survivors to verbalise their problems,” she said. "There’s no support for victims post-attacks, there’s just nothing – and that must change.” CICA and Halton Borough Council were approached for comment.
A Government spokesperson said: “Our thoughts remain with the victims of this appalling attack.
“While we cannot comment on ongoing cases, since 2017 the Criminal Injuries Compensation Scheme has helped more than 450 Manchester Arena victims secure over £4.5 million to rebuild their lives.
“The Government is also reviewing the support available to victims of terrorism to ensure their needs are always best served.”
Halton Borough Council said a ramp was provided in 2017 and Joanne had no further contact with the local authority until a referral earlier this month which is “progressing.”
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.