Home    Forums    Music    Grammys 2025 Predictions: Pop Field (Part 2)
Honey, I can totally see Billie Eilish finally winning Best Pop Solo Performance for “Birds of a Feather.” “Espresso” is NOT winning a damn thing. It is the type of song that gets nominated based on popularity but loses to better and stronger competition. Since “Kill Bill” went R&B, so will “Saturn.” 
You said the same thing about flowers being basic and not winning but it took pop solo and record of the year
I can currently see Ariana taking BPVA, Sabrina taking BPSP, and then Beyoncé & Miley taking BPDGP (if it’s placed there which I think it will be). BPDR is harder to predict but I’d say a surprise win for Dua.
I personally feel that Billie will take AOTY (either her or Bey), similar to what we saw back in 2021 with folklore getting AOTY and Future Nostalgia getting BPSP. Like HMHAS, Folklore was more of an alternative album that appealed to multiple genre voters. And Future Nostalgia was more of an album that was generally liked by all pop voters, hence why it won, and I can see the same for Ariana this year. 
Currently, I think BPVA feels locked for Ariana, Billie, Dua, Taylor, and Sabrina.
If Gaga does drop in August, she could surprise, not sure if it would go down the route of a tie with 6 albums in BPSP or if she’d end up replacing someone else. I feel that Dua and Sabrina would be easiest to replace, even though we haven’t heard Short n Sweet yet, I feel that Dua is liked in Pop given her previous win.
Honestly looking back at it the nominations for pop duo last year were not so different from the 2023 ones…unholy was the only hit in the lineup all the others songs were flops ( in the US ) and got nominated because of the names check…last year karma and boy’s a liar were the only US hit collab who could have been nominated ( except die for you ) all the others got nominated because of the name check…i think that’s the problem pop duo categories lack of hits because there isn’t a lot of successful pop collab right now in the US among the GP so they basically go by name checking 
 oh really ? in 2023 there was 2 shakira songs and a collab of latto with a K-pop artist and they were pulling good numbers on global spotify but how popular those songs were in the US ? can someone tell me please ? bc i thought that they would have been nominated but then i learned that the grammys were US centric so im curious to know
Sabrina is about to have 2 songs in the top 5 next week on billboard!!! Espresso reaching a new peak (could challenge #2) and PLS PLS PLS (challenging #5) She rlly might be the underdog and might I say, she about to be a lock in pop solo and vocal
pic.twitter.com/8ZEJet3cDX
— Talk of the Charts (@talkofthecharts) June 9, 2024
if Dua submits ‘Illusion’ to BPDR, i think ‘yes, and?’ will win. if she submits ‘Houdini’, it’s a closer battle but i still would lean slightly to Ariana
this is also assuming Beyoncé doesn’t bother with ‘MY HOUSE’ there
Get real!  Ariana ‘Homewrecker’ Grande is NOT taking Best Pop Vocal Album.  Pure delusion.  No fucking way is Billie Eilish losing that category.
If Beyoncé submits My House it could win. The track is good and it’s part of Renaissance era which swept Dance field two years ago.
 It was, but not until after nomination voting. 
in what way, ravenclaw?
it debuted at #3 on billboard, announced 10/3, then went #2 the next week.
nomination voting Started 10/13.
Currently, I think BPVA feels locked for Ariana, Billie, Dua, Taylor, and Sabrina. If Gaga does drop in August, she could surprise, not sure if it would go down the route of a tie with 6 albums in BPSP or if she’d end up replacing someone else. I feel that Dua and Sabrina would be easiest to replace, even though we haven’t heard Short n Sweet yet, I feel that Dua is liked in Pop given her previous win. 
dua is easy to replace. it spent one week in the top 20 and is considered a big step down in quality from the previous album.
after sam’s big year, the next album wasn’t as big, though still a hit. it got completely ignored. then when unholy went #1, while the song got best duo, the album was otherwise ignored.
after BEP’s big year, they never got nominated again, though the beginning’s singles went #3 and #4.
Sabrina can take both pop solo and album, anyone counting her out will look so dumb after the ceremony.
Also I think Coldplay is above Dua, they basically always get a PVA nomination and Dua has basically nothing going for her.
I’ll try doing my full top 5 later but currently leaning towards HMHAS/Espresso/Fortnight as winners.
I don't even have my lorazepam, I'm going to have to DRINK myself to sleep
2025 campaigns
Grammys: TBD
Emmys: Tramell Tillman Supporting Actor Drama Series, Parker Posey Supporting Actress Drama Series
Ordered by nominations not wins. Only doing confirmed releases
Best Pop Vocal Album
1. Hit Me Hard and Soft – Billie Eilish
2. The Tortured Poets Department – Taylor Swift
3. Eternal Sunshine – Ariana Grande
4. Short n’ Sweet – Sabrina Carpenter
5. Radical Optimism – Dua Lipa
(6. Think Later – Tate McRae)
1-4 are kind of interchangeable nomination wise because none are missing. The distance between Dua and Tate is massive as well, Tate has no chance of getting in. I think the win is between Billie and Sabrina with Billie a little bit in front. If Gaga or Coldplay drop, Dua is out.
Pop Solo Performance
1. Birds of a Feather – Billie Eilish
2. Espresso – Sabrina Carpenter
3. We Can’t Be Friends (Wait For Your Love) – Ariana Grande
4. Cruel Summer (Live) – Taylor Swift
5. Beautiful Things – Benson Boone
(6. Too Sweet – Hozier)
I think Taylor’s on thin ice if she doesn’t submit Cruel Summer, ICDIWABH isn’t safe at all for nom. Not buying Gaga as the automatic lock everyone else has her as, she hasn’t had a solo hit in over a decade.
Pop Duo/Group Performance
1. Fortnight – Taylor Swift ft. Post Malone
2. II Most Wanted – Beyoncé ft. Miley Cyrus
3. I Love It – Camila Cabello ft. Playboi Carti
4. Supernatural – Ariana Grande w/ Troye Sivan
5. Lose Control live – Teddy Swims with Freak Feely
(6. Eyes Closed – Imagine Dragons)
This does not need to be a category and hasn’t needed to be one for a while for the record. Make 1 pop song category and call it a day.
I don't even have my lorazepam, I'm going to have to DRINK myself to sleep
2025 campaigns
Grammys: TBD
Emmys: Tramell Tillman Supporting Actor Drama Series, Parker Posey Supporting Actress Drama Series
Get real!  Sabrina Crapenter could NOT take Best Pop Vocal Album.  Pure delusion.
This is some insane gaggery… pic.twitter.com/CgarJhrWY8
— SabrinaUpdates (@charts_sabrina) June 10, 2024
Pop loves a fresh face so Sabrina will be embraced. She’s highly competitive in BPSP and that’ll probably be her recognition. If Short n’ Sweet performs well, she could also snatch BPVA.
Espresso is the ear candy of the year. Summer smashes are favored in Pop Solo, and the song is exactly that. It helps that the other contenders don’t align with past winners.
The topic ‘Grammys 2025 Predictions: Pop Field (Part 2)’ is closed to new replies.
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…

				23 mins ago			

				1 hour ago			

				2 hours ago			

				15 mins ago			

				11 mins ago			

				2 hours ago			

				2 hours ago			

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media