It was not idol-istic. 
Season 22 “American Idol” contestant Madai ChaKell had an awkward and heated exchange with judge Luke Bryan during Sunday night’s episode. 
Bryan, 47, had already given ChaKell a “no” vote” during her first audition. So matters between the singer and judge were already not warm. 
When she performed again, she belted out “Tattooed Heart” by Ariana Grande. 
Her voice cracked, and she stopped her performance twice, asking to re-do it. 
Eventually, she called off her accompanying pianist. 
“Ok, we’re going to do this acapella,” she said. “Because that’s not flowing the way we practiced.”
After she got through the song, the judges shared their feedback. 
Bryan called her voice “shaky in spots,” and asked, “Is your voice 100%?” 
“Not to where I would like it,” she replied. 
Backstage, she commented, “My pianist just completely flipped the script on what we had practiced,” before she added snark towards Bryan: “Is your voice ok, Luke? Because I haven’t heard you sing! Obviously I can sing.”
She was given a second chance, during which Bryan said, “It’s great to have you back. We understand the dynamics of it now.”
He also said he wanted to make the environment “comfortable” for her to perform.
The atmosphere between Bryan and ChaKell soon got tense again, however. 
“Can I have a chair, perhaps, because I’m getting a ‘little bit shaky,’” she said, mocking his earlier comment about her voice being “shaky.” 
“Maybe we’ll do ‘American Humble’ at some point,” Bryan fired back.
Viewers sided with Bryan.
“She’s going home,” one person commented on X, formerly Twitter. “Worst attitude ever.”
“Madai ChaKell got another shot at her audition. Was more connected, emotional. Nice low notes, she ended with a little craziness. This girl is tew much. Very much a character but becoming very unlikeable,” another viewer noted. 
“Love that #AmericanIdol gave a second opportunity for Madai ChaKell to show what an a$&hole she is,” another fan slammed the singer. 
The Post reached out to reps for ChaKell for comment.