By LUKE ANDREWS SENIOR HEALTH REPORTER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  13:47, 27 December 2024   |  Updated:  18:00, 27 December 2024   
 48
View  comments
A chiseled jawline, luscious lips and a button nose. 
These are among the most desirable physical features of some of the world's biggest A-listers. 
But beyond just admiring their good looks, some people are rushing to doctors' offices to duplicate the highly sought-after facial features.
Two plastic surgeons have revealed to DailyMail.com the celebrity features their clients are asking for the most, which include Sabrina Carpenter's lips and Ariana Grande's nose. 
While for men, a jawline like Zac Efron or Joe Jonas tops the list, and the doctors say older men ask for eyes like Brad Pitt.
Dr Smita Ramanadham, a plastic surgeon in New Jersey, said: 'People do realize when they come in that they won't look exactly like the celebrity, given their own facial structure.
'But they will use celebrities as like, a guide, for what they are after.'
Below, DailyMail.com reveals the most common celebrity looks people ask for at plastic surgeons' offices.
The above shows the celebrity facial features that women (top row) and men (bottom row) ask plastic surgeons for
Sabrina Carpenter's lips are becoming a popular option among women, surgeons say
Women are turning to lip filler as the most popular procedure, surgeons said, with patients often choosing between one of two looks.
Dr Ramanadham said: 'I do have people coming in and asking for lips like Taylor Swift, they love her very refined look and cupid bow.
Kylie Jenner began using lip filler at 17 years old. She is pictured above in 2022
'And, more recently, Sabrina Carpenter has also come into the fray – because she has full lips, so people are asking for more of that volume.'
Dr Ramanadham added people were also asking for Kylie Jenner's lips, but only the more natural ones she has today – after she had a lot of her filler dissolved.
'There has been this sort of lashing out against filler,' Dr Ramanadham added, 'and this whole push towards a more natural look and a feeling that fillers are fake'.
Dr Gary Linkov, a plastic surgeon in New York City, agreed – and said women seeking filler at his surgery were often divided into two camps: those seeking thicker lips and those seeking more refined ones.
Lip augmentations are typically achieved via injecting filler, injectable substances typically made of hyaluronic acid that help retain moisture and volume - which can last for several months to more than two years depending on the type used. 
Surgeons have previously suggested all three celebrities — Taylor, Sabrina and Kylie — have received filler in their lips to achieve their appearance, though Taylor and Sabrina have denied this.
Ariana Grande's 'cute button nose'
Women are asking for Ariana Grande's nose, which doctors describe as a 'classic'
The second most popular procedure for women is a nose job or rhinoplasty, with both surgeons saying people often ask for a nose like singer Ariana Grande.
Dr Ramanadham said: 'For the nose in women, I am still seeing the same trends as in the past couple of years as far as Ariana Grande's nose.
'She has this classic nose that is never going to go away, it is proportional to her face and a cute button nose that people will always want.'
She added: 'I am also seeing people ask for the Meghan Markle nose, but really the Ariana Grande nose is the most popular.'
Surgeons have previously told DailyMail.com that among the women most likely to receive a nose job are those heading to college and seeking to 're-invent' their look.
The procedure is carried out using surgery to remove flesh from either the bridge – central part of the nose – or from the tip to sculpt the feature into something more desirable to the patient. 
It has been suggested Ariana Grande has had a nose job to achieve her appearance, but she denied this during a lie detector test with Vanity Fair. 
She also said recently: 'There's a comfortability that people have with commenting on [people's bodies] that I think is really dangerous. And I think it's dangerous for all parties involved.'
A blank stare 
Taylor Swift's wide eyes are also something many women ask for
Another procedure women ask for is a blepharoplasty, or a procedure that widens the eyes.
Dr Ramanadham said: 'I am finding with women, that they always want the eyebrows and the eyes of Taylor Swift – they are so bright and so open and engaging, so I see a lot of requests for that part.
'For a while, I was also getting requests for the eyes like Bella Hadid – people wanted her eyebrows look.'
Some surgeons speculate Bella Hadid has had a fox eye lift
Dr Linkov agreed, saying: '[I] have had people ask for Bella Hadid cat-eyes, but that is something I would recommend people shy away from because it does not age well.'
In a blepharoplasty, surgeons remove skin from above the eyes to make them appear more open and engaging.
In Bella's case, surgeons suggest she may have had a fox eye lift — where the upper eyelid is lifted slightly higher, creating a slight angle resembling a fox's eye.
But surgeons warn over time, the skin can droop due to the procedure.
Experts have previously suggested Taylor Swift and Bella Hadid have both had a blepharoplasty, but they both deny those rumors.
Taylor's team recently said in response to a story suggesting she has had cosmetic procedures: 'Taylor has never had the rumored surgery.'
Surgeons said among men, many are asking for the jawline of Joe Jonas
Some men are asking for a less dramatic version of Zac Efron's ultra-chiseled chin
Both surgeons said for men the most popular procedure was jawline augmentation.
Dr Ramanadham said: 'For men, they are always asking about jawlines, and particularly for one like Joe Jonas.
'Every once in a while, they also pull out a picture of Zac Efron. 
'His jawline has changed substantially since earlier days, and so I think patients pull out that later picture to show that they don't want something that aggressive, but still want a jawline that looks more masculine, more chiseled, but that also fits my face.'
The jawline can be made to appear more masculine either using filler injections placed along the jawbone, or using surgery to install implants. Surgeons added they tended to build on the structure that is already present.
Surgeons have said repeatedly they believe Zac Efron has had work done to his jaw for cosmetic reasons, but the 37-year-old star says the shift is the result of an accident.
Joe Jonas has previously admitted to using Botox, saying he became concerned by new lines forming on his face, but has not commented on any other work. 
When it comes to enhancing the chin, surgeons said this tends to be wrapped into the overall jawline — although years ago they did have people seeking chins like John Travolta, who has a dimple in the center. 
An MVP's nose 
Tom Brady's nose is also popular among men, surgeons say
Another procedure among men is a nose job, with many seeking a reduction in size if they feel their nose is too large.
Dr Linkov said in some cases people are asking for noses that look like Tom Brady.
He said: 'His nose is a good size but it is not overwhelming to his face. When you look at him, you almost don't see the nose, and that's the thing about the nose – you almost don't want to see it when you look at someone's face.
'You want to see their eyes, teeth, smile, you don't want a nose that attracts so much attention.'
Tom Brady has not spoken openly about any plastic surgery he's had, but it has previously been suggested he may have had Botox and filler.
The male gaze 
Brad Pitt shocked people with his new and youthful appearance that seems to have turned back his biological clock. Pitt is pictured here in December 2022 (left) and September 2024 (right)
Among older men, surgeons said it is becoming popular for them to have surgery around the eyes — a blepharoplasty — similar to that which Brad Bitt is rumored to have undergone.
Dr Ramanadham said: 'Over the last six months to a year, I have been hearing a lot of more mature men asking about the surgery Brad Pitt had.
'There is a lot of fear around looking overdone, especially among men because they age a little differently and can have thicker skin around the eyes.
'But when Brad Pitt got his surgery done it looked so natural, and that is what they are asking for.'
Surgeons have previously suggested Brad Pitt had a blepharoplasty, or eyelid lift, but the 60-year-old star has dismissed this. 
Cosmetic doctor Dr Jonny Betteridge previously told DailyMail.com he suspects Brad opted for a more subtle lower blepharoplasty, which explains his natural look.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group