Cynthia Erivo gave Hoda Kotb a bouquet of white flowers to honor the “Today” host’s final time hosting the Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade.
The “Wicked” star wanted to do something extra special for Kotb following her announcement that she would be leaving the talk show after 26 years.
When Erivo sat down with Kotb, Savannah Guthrie and Al Roker on Thursday, she made sure to thank Kotb for her dedication to the “Today” show.
“Before you even begin, these flowers are for you because I know that this is the last Thanksgiving parade you’re doing,” the 37-year-old said, according to The Mirror.
“I wanted to celebrate that and I wanted to say we love you. Thank you for all the hard work you’ve done all of these years.”
Kotb was touched by the gesture and expressed her gratitude to the actress for thinking of her.
Soon after the UK-born singer honored Kotb with the flowers, many viewers took to social media to react. 
“What a sweet moment. Cynthia giving Hoda flowers for her seventh and final parade. Just so grand,” one admirer wrote via X.
A separate netizen was moved to tears by the gesture. “Cynthia gave Hoda flowers!!!!! f–k I’m crying !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Cynthia gets me everyone shut up!!!!!!!!!!” they penned.
A third fan couldn’t help but use Erivo’s latest film title in a playful way in their tweet. “Cynthia Erivo is wicked talented and incredibly gracious. So thoughtful to honor Hoda,” they posted.
Another viewer used a scene from a “Real Housewives of New York City” reunion to react to Erivo’s gesture.
“Cynthia Erivo giving Hoda Kotb a bouquet of flowers for hosting her last Macy’s Parade,” they wrote alongside a clip of Dorinda Medley saying, “that actually means a lot to me.”
Despite the praise for bringing flowers for Kotb, one viewer wasn’t as impressed and called the parade special “unwatchable” now that she will be leaving.
Kotb announced her exit from the “Today” show in September, just a few weeks after celebrating her 60th birthday.
“I decided this is the right time for me to kind of move on. And so with all that being said, this is the hardest thing in the world,” she explained at the time.
“I’m not gonna be here past the first of the year. I’m gonna stay in the NBC family, but it’s kind of a big deal for me.”
Advertisement