PHOENIX (AZFamily) — Open wide!
Smile 2 follows pop star Skye Riley (Naomi Scott) trying to make a big comeback after drug addiction and an accident almost took her life the year before. Skye’s comeback tour seems to be going well, but the pain from her accident causes her to secretly take Vicodin.
When Skye’s drug dealer, Lewis (Lukas Gage), kills himself after flashing her a creepy smile, Skye begins to see smiling people stalking and haunting her. Skye’s mother (Rosemarie DeWitt) and social circle all think she’s just losing her mind, but Skye believes she’s cursed and must figure out how to stop it.
For me, the first Smile was one of those cases where it just didn’t live up to all of the hype that surrounded it. I didn’t really care about seeing it in the first place, as I find the whole “creepy smiling person” just not that scary, but the hype was too big to ignore. People were acting like it was a horror film for the ages.
So, consider me underwhelmed when the movie turned out just… fine? It’s not bad or anything. It’s well-acted and competently made, but just not all that scary. Even if it didn’t quite terrify me, it seemed to have an effect on the majority of viewers out there, enough to make it possible to make lots of money and make Paramount greenlight a sequel. Will it just be more of the same, though?
Yeah, it turns out it really is more of the same, but that’s not particularly a bad thing. I would argue that writer-director Parker Finn made a better movie this time, most likely because he honed his skills with the first one. The horror aspect of Smile definitely leans more towards cheesy than scary to me, but just as movies on their own, they’re not too bad.
What makes these Smile movies work is that they’re character-driven stories first, with the horror elements sprinkled on top. You could actually remove the supernatural smiling people entirely and be left with the same exact movie. From the other characters’ perspective, they aren’t seeing what the main character sees; it just seems like they’re witnessing a mental breakdown.
Like Sosie Bacon’s character Rose in the first film, Naomi Scott’s Skye Riley carries a huge amount of emotional trauma, guilt, and grief. Where it seems like Rose seemed to have her life together before being haunted by the smiley demon, Skye Riley is a complete trainwreck from beginning to end. The smiling people are a bit more spread out this time around, so we’re really mostly watching a pop star’s downward spiral into madness.
It’s certainly a long downward spiral at 128 minutes, but that runtime goes by pretty quickly due to Naomi Scott’s captivating lead performance. She’s basically in every scene, often performing in her own one-woman show, complete with plenty of close-ups of her various terrified expressions.
Scott’s performance draws you in from the beginning, but as Skye Riley’s mental state deteriorates, she’s like a magnet that draws you in further. I couldn’t take my eyes off her, with her intense eyes and manic grimaces. It was an incredibly emotional and physical role that Scott dove into, creating an ever-building tsunami wave until the very end.
Even if she’s obviously modeled after the likes of Taylor Swift and Ariana Grande, Skye Riley feels like a real character. Parker Finn may be treading a lot of old ground here with this sequel, but the way he and Naomi Scott brought Skye Riley to life made for a uniquely compelling final girl.
If one thing’s for sure, Naomi Scott definitely deserves a spot in the 2024 horror Hall of Fame along with Mia Goth, Maika Monroe, Cailee Spaeny, Willa Fitzgerald, Demi Moore, and Margaret Qualley. Seriously, what an incredible year for women in horror.
The pop star trying to make a comeback after battling addiction and a near-death experience was an interesting angle, but the actual story and thematic exploration we get here don’t go much farther than last time.
The format and structure are basically the same, with the protagonist witnessing somebody kill themselves and then being haunted by smiling people while they try not to pass on the curse.
There is a tense one-shot opening scene featuring the always-great Kyle Gallner to wrap up his plot thread from the first film, but anybody hoping for him to play into the larger story will be disappointed. Smile 2 is very much a standalone sequel with little connection to the original beyond the curse the main character has.
It was nice that Finn didn’t feel the need to explain more of the curse and still keep things vague. It’s just a curse that if you get it, you’re screwed unless you employ some outside-the-box thinking. Finn flirts with some deeper ideas that are frustratingly not fully explored, so even if the characters and setting are different, it kind of feels like we’re watching the same movie as the first.
Like the first, though, Finn knows how to make a great-looking, atmospheric movie. He does like to indulge himself a bit too much with the tilting and rotating camera and drone shots, but the man really knows how to set the mood. The way he frames and builds suspense feels almost Hitchcockian at times, with many long, panning wide shots so you can take in the eerie environments.
Finn also brings the goods for the horror hounds out there. If you’re scared by the smiling weirdos creeping around in the dark, you’ll get plenty of that, all capped off with predictable jump scares. Some of the gorier moments are pretty awesome, however, with some grisly effects. It’s actually impressive that a horror sequel that is mostly unrelated to the first is this decent.
It’s kind of funny and a tad bit ironic that the scariest part of both films is the end credits. Not in a funny, “Haha, this movie isn’t scary at all,” kind of way, but they’re legitimately unsettling. Composer Cristobal Tapia de Veer crafts a haunting, cacophonous soundscape to go with the end credits that give you an almost sickly feeling. It’s just too bad the rest of the film doesn’t give off the same reaction.
Smile 2 isn’t exactly a case of diminishing returns, but it is mostly a case of seconds that tastes a tiny bit better than the first helping. It’s all a bit familiar, but it’s a more than serviceable horror flick mostly carried by a mesmerizing lead performance from Naomi Scott. From now on, if I see her appearing in an upcoming movie, I’m confident she’ll elevate it like she did here.
I will definitely be interested in seeing where Parker Finn takes his career. His next project is a remake of the 1981 film Possession, so I hope he continues to move on from Smile, as he’s already ran that well dry. He has the chops to really make something excellent. If you enjoyed the first Smile, you’ll enjoy this, just expect more of the same. It’s just the same, but it’s done a little bit better.
Smile 2 will be released in theaters nationwide on Friday, October 18th.
See a spelling or grammatical error in our story? Please click here to report it.
Do you have a photo or video of a breaking news story? Send it to us here with a brief description.
Copyright 2024 KTVK/KPHO. All rights reserved.