Shoppers can snag over  £80 worth of freebies,  including a coveted £29 Elemis mist when they spend £40 at LookFantastic. The online retailer has launched a  Trending Beauty Edit for £40,  rivalling similar hauls from high street chain  Boots . 
 The edit boasts an  impressive value of £121.07 , starring 10 products, seven of which are full sized, from brands like Glow Hub and Drunk Elephant. And what’s more is that everything inside has been specifically picked to help beauty fans achieve the most sought-after trends such as glass hair and glazed blush. 
 The most valuable product in the haul is the  Elemis Superfood Multi Mist,  which is £29 on the  Elemis website . It’s been dubbed 'liquid gold' by enthusiasts, and accumulated over 200 five-star reviews without a single one-star critique. 
 The versatile four-in-one mist aims to hydrate, tone, prime, and set makeup, using a blend of calming aloe vera, nourishing probiotic kefir ferment extract, and antioxidant-packed rooibos extract. One user exclaimed: "Very  refreshing and hydrating  for the face. I've given almost all my other facial mist away. This takes care of physical boost for skin and has spa aromatherapy." 
"I purchased this item after an Elemis facial where superfood products were used," another wrote. "The smell is heavenly! I apply this on top of pro collagen moisture essence and marine cream and it's given a new lease of life to my makeup and glowy skin, great price too!"
 A third added: "  Liquid GOLD!  I spray it on after my moisturiser before foundation. Face illuminated." Yet, not all feedback was glowing, with one less satisfied reviewer noting: "A new sprayer needs to be developed that is more directional. Also I don't like the fragrance of this spray." 
 But it’s not the only high-value product included in the haul, with the Tan-Luxe Instant Hero,  £24 here,  also featured, already surpassing the price you pay for the box in just two products, making the remaining eight free. Alternatively, you could divide the price of the box by the number of products, meaning  each item inside would be £4. 
 Here’s everything inside the  LookFantastic Trending Beauty Edit: 
ELEMIS Superfood Multi Mist | Full-Size | Worth £29
Tan-Luxe Instant Hero: Instant Tan | Full-Size | Worth £24
Sol De Janeiro Cheirosa 68 Fragrance Mist | Deluxe Size | Worth £12
Glow Hub Buff Blush Stick in Pinched | Full-Size | Worth £12
Morphe Bake and Set Powder in Translucent | Full-Size | Worth £12
Beauty Works 10 in 1 Miracle Heat Protect Spray | Full-Size | Worth £11.99
The INKEY List Hyaluronic Acid Serum | Full-Size | Worth £7.99
invisibobble ORIGINAL (3pc) in Brown | Full-Size | Worth £5.99
Drunk Elephant Lala Retro Whipped Cream | Deluxe Size | Worth £5.80
Bioderma Sensibo H2O Micellar Water | Deluxe Size | Worth £1.30
 If you’re keen to tap into the latest trending brands, Boots has also launched a  £45 New and Trending box worth £145 . Nine of the products are full sized with the remaining five being deluxe samples, including the latest mascara launch from No7, an eye shadow from Ariana Grande ’s beauty brand, the newest body butter from Sol de Janeiro and more. It’s £5 more than the  LookFantastic box , but the contents are also worth over £20 more, too. 
 While some beauty boxes offer a selection of different brands, others allow you to try out a range of products from the same brand, for a fraction of the price compared to the RRP. This  edit from Cult Beauty is perfect for fans of Paula’s Choice , or those who are interested in trying the brand at a lower cost. 
 But if you want to get your hands on a mix of brands and products that will help you achieve flawless skin and luscious locks this spring, you can pick up the  LookFantastic Trending Beauty Edit for £40 here . Plus anyone who is a subscriber to The Box will also be able to get £10 off, making it even more of a bargain.