By DEIRDRE DURKAN-SIMONDS FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  21:24, 17 December 2024   |  Updated:  09:36, 18 December 2024   
 120
View  comments
A radiant Ariana Grande was joined by her mother Joan who made a rare public appearance for the Golden Globes first-time nominee luncheon at the Maybourne Beverly Hills.
As she arrived to the star-studded event, the Wicked star, 31, appeared in high spirits while strutting down the red carpet with her mom as her plus one on Tuesday. 
For the occasion, the singer wowed in a in a champagne-colored midi dress, while Joan rocked a plush black coat. 
Ariana wore her strawberry blonde locks straight with flipped ends and a glamorous makeup look, which consisted of a shimmery eyeshadow, a dramatic pair of false lashes and rosy lipstick. 
She opted for minimal accessories, apart from a pair of stud earrings and a single ring on her pointer finger. 
The 7 Rings hitmaker was also rocking a French manicure and satin high heels, which added some height to her petite frame. 
A radiant Ariana Grande was joined by her mother Joan who made a rare public appearance for the Golden Globes first-time nominee luncheon at the Maybourne Beverly Hills 
Ariana Grande looked absolutely radiant in a champagne-colored midi dress while attending the first-time nominee luncheon at the Maybourne Beverly Hills on Tuesday
Grande landed her her first ever Golden Globe nomination, earlier this month, for her role as Galinda, also known as Glinda the Good Witch. 
The film has made $372 million worldwide since arriving in theaters on November 22. 
Amid the promo tour for Wicked, Grande opened up about her career plan for the next 10 years and revealed she has plans to make a shift.
While she said she is 'always going to do pop stuff,' she said she wants to focus more on her acting career at this point in her life.
'I'm going to say something so scary, it's going to scare the absolute s*** out of my fans and everyone,' she said on the November 6 episode of Wicked costar Bowen Yang and Matt Roger's podcast Las Culturistas.
'I'm always going to make music, I'm always going to go onstage, I'm always going to do pop stuff, I pinky promise,' she continued.
However, she said she does not see herself making and producing music at the same rate she did in the past decade as she will in the next 10 years.
'I think I love acting,' she said. 'I love musical theater. I think reconnecting with this part of myself who started in musical theater and who loves comedy — it heals me to do that.'
Grande first began her career in entertainment while performing on Broadway at age 15.
For the occasion, the singer wore her strawberry blonde locks straight with flipped ends and a glamorous makeup look, which consisted of a shimmery eyeshadow, a dramatic pair of false lashes and rosy lipstick
Grande landed her her first ever Golden Globe nomination, earlier this month, for her role as Galinda, also known as Glinda the Good Witch.
She later rose to prominence on Nickelodeon's Victorious before landing her own spinoff, Sam & Cat. Since then, Grande has also released seven studio albums.
The We Can't Be Friends hitmaker explained that acting 'feeds' her passion in a way that is different to songwriting.
She explained that being a singer means 'constantly reliving that one thing that you wrote the song about.'
About continuing acting, she said: 'I think that I would love to, in whatever makes sense or whatever roles that we see fit or where I could really do a good job or honor the material. I think it's a lot better for me.'
Recently, she also revealed why she would be hesitant to ever return as a judge and mentor on NBC's The Voice alongside John Legend, Blake Shelton and Kelly Clarkson.
Grande and her mother were seen speaking with Zoe Saldaña
At one point, the pop star and actress, who stunned in a yellow gown, shared a sweet hug
Like Grande, Saldaña also earned her first Golden Globe nomination
Like Grande, Saldaña also earned her first Golden Globe nomination for her role in  Emilia Pérez.
She and her costar, Selena Gomez, were both nominated for Best Supporting Actress in a Motion Picture for their work in the Netflix film.  
Emilia Perez grabbed 10 Golden Globe nominations in total, including for Best Picture Musical or Comedy, Best Picture Non-English Language, Best Actress for Karla Sofia Gascon and Best Director and Screenplay for Jaques Audiard.
Saldana also shared her reaction to the good news in a phone call with the Today Show.
'I'm having such an out of body experience. My body is experiencing all of these emotions and the overall feeling that I have is just absolute gratitude,' she said.
Other first-time Golden Globes nominees that attended the event were Anora star Mikey Madison (seen above)
Pamela Anderson, who was nominated for her role in The Last Showgirl, was also there
Kathryn Hahn received her first nod at the award show for her performance in Marvel's Agatha All Along this year as well 
Robbie Williams, who earned his first Golden Globe for Best Score for his track, Forbidden Road, was also there
In another reaction she said: 'I am practicing so much containment right now. I can't put into words all of the emotions that are going through my body, but the biggest one is just gratitude. I am so grateful.'
'I’m so happy. I’m happy for Selena, I’m happy for Karla, I’m so happy for Jacques and Camille and Clement. I have no words. I’m proud of all the people I’ve been able to meet throughout this journey who are also nominees.
'I’ve been meeting so many amazing women in all the categories and it’s been wonderful connecting with them and rooting for them as well, so it’s an honor to be here among these giants,' Gold Derby reported.
Other first-time Golden Globes nominees that attended the event were Anora star Mikey Madison, Pamela Anderson, who was nominated for her role in The Last Showgirl, and Kathryn Hahn.
Kathryn Hahn received her first nod at the award show for her performance in Marvel's Agatha All Along. 
Robbie Williams, who earned his first Golden Globe for Best Score for his track, Forbidden Road, was also there. 
He brought along his wife, Ayda Field, as his date. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group