Just a week before his 30th birthday at the end of last month, World Championship swimmer Michael Gunning received the type of news that he could have only ever got in that week: he was named in Forbes’ 30 Under 30 list.
The competitive athlete, who competed in the Men's 200 metre freestyle for Jamaica in both the 2017 and 2019 World Aquatics Championships, was featured as part of the outlet’s Europe's Sport and Games Class of 2024 alongside the likes of Team GB gymnast Jake Jarman, Real Madrid's left winger Vinicius Jr and Sky Sports presenter Naomi Schiff.
Recognised as the fastest male swimmer in Jamaican history, Michael’s inclusion on the list highlighted him as the first openly LGBTQ+ member of a Caribbean National Team, and one of the only mixed-raced professional swimmers in the UK.
READ MORE: Historic rainbow football goes on display at National Football Museum
“I’m overwhelmed to have made the list,” Michael tells the M.E.N. “I feel so lucky to love what I do everyday and to be named on a list of such inspiring prestigious people, this makes me feel proud and I’m happy to know my story is making a difference.
“Representation really matters and I hope it inspires everyone to know that anything is possible. Lots of young children of colour still believe the shocking stereotype that Black people can’t swim, and I’m passionate about smashing that stereotype out of the water.”
Michael’s 16-year swimming career was kickstarted at the age of four, with him winning his first National Championships at the age of 12. He later spent seven years living in Cheshire whilst training at Stockport Metro Swimming Club. Now residing in London and Kent, Michael retired from the sport two years ago and said he is ready to ‘embark on the next chapter’ of his career.
Working as a television presenter and pundit, Michael has hosted swimming events for the 2022 Commonwealth Games in Birmingham but it’s work documentaries, like BBC One’s Tom Daley: Illegal To Be Me, where he says he feels the most impact.
Michael, who publicly came out as gay whilst appearing on E!’s reality TV show The Bi Life in 2018, says he still receives comments on a regular basis - both good and bad - about his sexuality but he says it helps highlight the need to continue working to help encourage inclusivity.
“I still get lots of hate messages from Jamaica telling me the shame I bring on their country,” he explains. “But the positive messages outweigh the hate and I’m so glad I can be that beacon of hope to many people in the Caribbean.
“The Jamaican team were great and took time to listen to my story to understand my journey, and hopefully other countries with criminalising laws will do the same. Sometimes it takes dialogue and education to understand just how inclusive [sport] can be.
“My coming out in elite sport enabled more swimmers around the world to be more open about their sexuality, and it’s such a great feeling to know that I might have paved the way for many of them.”
Another of Michael’s recent accomplishments is that he has been named a Pride House Ambassador for the upcoming 2024 Olympics, which will take place in Paris in July and August.
As an ambassador, Michael’s role will promote how sport and physical activity can become more inclusive of LGBTQ+ people. Michael, who is also a godparent to Rebecca Adlington’s children, says it's just another way he is actively trying to show up for those who might not always see themselves represented in sport.
“The Olympics are all about bringing people together,” he explains. “I hope that me being a Pride House Ambassador this Summer will help inspire, educate and empower everyone who arrives in Paris ready for the biggest sporting event in the world.
“After the heart-breaking news that Ghana’s parliament passed the bill to imprison anyone identifying as LGBTQ+, it shows us how much work there still is to be done and I won’t stop fighting until everyone can live with these basic human rights.
“Having allies, supporters or family members being arrested for concealing members of the LGBTQ+ community is totally barbaric, and I’m calling anyone who can lend their voice on this matter – athletes, governing bodies and sporting federations – to speak up and stand in solidarity with our community. We need to get through this tough time together.”
And Michael says that one of the reasons why he is determined to do so much for others stems back to one tragic night in Manchester seven years ago this month. He was one of the thousands of fans to have attended the Ariana Grande concert on the night of May 22, 2017.
“My heart will always go out to the 22 victims who lost their life that night and their friends and family whose lives will never be the same again,” he says. “I still get nightmares from the whole experience. Anyone who knows me will know I’m passionate about helping everyone and bringing people up but, that night, I ran with everyone else and I really struggled with the regret of not helping more people.
“Psychology really helped me come to terms with that guilt and I feel the bombing changed my life in so many ways because from that moment on, I made it my mission to do whatever I could do to inspire, bring others up and help create positive change both in and outside of sport.”
Michael says that, in some ways, the incident brought him closer to Manchester but he adds that the city-region will always have a place in his heart. Going forward, Michael says he wants to continue to make a positive impact where he can and wants to show that he’s more than a swimmer. In that regard, he says he’s ready to take on a new adventure.
“I’d love to continue moving into the media industry and show the world who Michael is away from simply just being a swimmer,” he says. “I really hope I can continue being a role model for people outside of sport and I’m ready to challenge myself in other ways outside of the pool and step out of my comfort zone.”
You can follow Michael on Instagram here.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.