Today, we want to address a relatively common phenomenon that our single clients are dealing with. It’s something we’ve aptly named “perfectionistic dating,” and it has become more pervasive than ever thanks to social media and over 1,500 available dating apps. “Perfectionistic dating” is basically a byproduct of technology that is intersecting with current, unrealistic expectations around love and intimacy. Let us explain. 
Today, we expect and deserve a lot more from our intimate relationships than ever before. In this modern age of social media, dating apps and hyper self- awareness, our expectations of love have never been higher, while our perceived options have never been greater. Just a few generations ago, in order to meet someone, you had to be out in the physical world. And when you did make some kind of connection with a stranger who caught your eye, all you knew of them was through their body language, energy, vibe and the bit of conversation you may have had in order to generate a first date. It took time, and yes, work; and your options were generally limited by where you lived and your social circle. These limitations affected the probability of meeting someone else, which determined whether you would give the relationship a fighting chance. Additionally, when things got tough, or issues arose in the early phases of dating, the impulse was not to say “thank you, next,” but rather “let’s work this out.”
Fast forward to today, and the phrase “thank you, next” isn’t just an Ariana Grande song. It’s become the unfortunate norm in the dating world as soon as someone doesn’t fit the exact image, height, smell, value system, religious-political belief system, income level, “vibe,” (the list goes on) that one thinks they’re looking for. The options are infinite, as is the fantasy or narrative that someone better may come along other than the person sitting in front of you.
We are only a few generations removed from the belief that to successfully raise and support a family and stay together through thick and thin was the apex of a marriage. Passionate love as a precursor for lifelong relationships is a relatively new idea and along with it comes wildly unrealistic expectations. Go down the Google rabbit hole of modern dating advice and you’ll find making a checklist and getting “really specific” about your needs is considered dating 101. 
Unfortunately, these checklists are partly the reason so many people are still single. The problem is not so much the checklist itself, but the underlying narrative that has embedded itself in our collective subconscious: The belief that modern love and relationships are ultimately about “getting what you want.” Dating has become about searching for a perfect avatar of a mate in a sea of profiles and possibilities rendered limitless by technology. Fantasizing and comparing leads to “thank you … next,” as soon as someone doesn’t measure up. This is perfectionistic dating in a nutshell and it is wreaking havoc on singles. Not only are people moving on far too quickly, but they are also misunderstanding what to look for in a long-term partner. 
Real love and intimacy that not only lasts, but gets better over time is not about getting what you want. It’s about creating something that is better than the sum of its parts. This means you won’t always get everything you want because in order to create something better than the sum of two parts, you’ll have to sacrifice things. And in order to become something great, you have to evolve, change and grow. This requires challenge, struggle and hopefully, triumph. 
It’s important to make sure you’re both aligned on core values. Shared interests are generally a misnomer and nowhere near as important as most people believe. An ideal relationship is one in which two people align themselves with the good of the whole, and by doing so, augment the lives of both.
Sally and Zach Maxwell, owners of Max-Well Coaching, are Aspen residents and have a combined three decades of coaching experience and two decades together in marriage. Email your questions to sally@max-wellcoaching.com.

                            Join our community of readers who value daily beat reporting and in-depth stories alike. Your membership allows us to continue the legacy of local, independent journalism in the Roaring Fork Valley. With your support, we can remain a free and accessible source of news for everyone, always without paywalls or corporate influence. Together, we can ensure that vital local stories are told.
                        
If you're interested in submitting a Letter to the Editor, click here.

Success! An email has been sent to  with a link to confirm list signup.
            

Error! There was an error processing your request.
            
Be the first to know what's happening as it's happening. When a story breaks, your email dings.
Catch up on the week's most-read stories. Perfect Sunday reading.
Wake up to today's headlines in your inbox. Information is just a click away. 
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: