It looks like we will be getting Universal Music Group songs and sound recordings back on TikTok soon!
According to Billboard, the two companies have struck a new licensing agreement, and in a press release, they assured they are “working expeditiously” to bring the music back to the platform. 
Back in January, UMG pulled their music from the platform due to a new agreement not being reached at the time. They claimed that the main reason for this move was the unfair compensation that artists and songwriters were receiving from the platform. They said in an open letter, “Ultimately TikTok is trying to build a music-based business, without paying fair value for the music.”
They also had concerns about TikTok’s use of AI tools, copyright infringement, and how they have dealt with hate speech, bigotry, bullying, and harassment on the platform.
When the music was pulled, users said goodbye to songs from artists like Taylor Swift, Drake, Olivia Rodrigo, Ariana Grande, Billie Eilish, Justin Bieber, Post Malone, and more. 
Per Billboard, in a press release regarding the new deal, UMG and TikTok stated that they are entering a “new era of strategic collaboration” which provides a deal that “improves remuneration for UMG and artists, new promotional and engagement opportunities for their recordings and songs, and industry-leading protections with respect to generative AI.”
Additionally, TikTok will invest “significant resources into building artist-centric tools,” such as integrating ticketing capabilities and better data analysis and analytics.
As far as the AI concerns, the app has plans to work together with UMG to remove unauthorized AI-generated music. And addressing the artist compensation issues, they will “improve artist and songwriter attribution” so that the artists will get paid for the use of their music on the platform.
In a statement, UMG chairman/CEO Lucian Grainge said, “This new chapter in our relationship with TikTok focuses on the value of music, the primacy of human artistry and the welfare of the creative community. We look forward to collaborating with the team at TikTok to further the interests of our artists and songwriters and drive innovation in fan engagement while advancing social music monetization.”
TikTok CEO ShouChew recognized the necessity of music from companies like UMG and how it is “an integral part of the TikTok ecosystem.”
“We are pleased to have found a path forward with Universal Music Group,” he said. “We are committed to working together to drive value, discovery and promotion for all of UMG’s amazing artists and songwriters, and deepen their ability to grow, connect and engage with the TikTok community.”
[Billboard]
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.