“Wicked,” starring Ariana Grande and Cynthia Erivo, debuted with $114 million domestically and $164.2 million globally for Universal Pictures, according to studio estimates Sunday. That made it the third-biggest opening weekend of the year.
Movie theatres here in the Northland are seeing the outpouring of support for the Wicked movie as well as other big movies that have been released this holiday season. 
General Manger of the Marcus Duluth Cinema, Shawn Fennessey, says, “It’s exciting. That’s what this whole industry is, we’re an entertainment industry. It’s exciting when people are excited for the movies. The staff’s excited. We’re excited. And it’s just so much more fun than just a regular old weekend of just regular movies. These big movies make the, make the business.”
Marcus Theatres also released a new way to make movie going more affordable. For only $9.99 per month, moviegoers who join Marcus Movie Club receive a credit to see any 2D movie each month, get 20% off food and beverages, have unlimited access to additional tickets for just $9.99 for friends, family, and themselves, and won’t pay any digital convenience fees. 
The “Wicked” movie is also breaking box office records for musical adaptations. The Broadway show opened all the way back in 2003, and the cast is excited to be a part of the cinematic version nearly 20 years later.
“You know, to be part of any legacy, it is already so meaningful and Wicked, as you know, has been with us for two decades in the theater. And it is such an honor to be able to bring you the cinematic experience,” says Michelle Yeoh who plays Madame Morrible.
“You know, when you go to the theater and you see little girls, moms and dads, and then grandpas and grandmas, you know, all the different generations, all loving [it]. That says a lot, and to be able to be part of something that tells such an amazing story is grand.”
You can watch more of Twin Cities movie critic Paul McQuire Grimes’ conversation with Michelle Yeoh on his website here.
Any person with disabilities who needs help accessing the content of the FCC Public file should contact Vicki Kaping at vkaping@wdio.com or (218) 727-6864
This website is not intended for users located within the European Economic Area.
					©  WDIO-TV, LLC
					A Hubbard Broadcasting Company




WDIO Follow