While the First Monday in May is all about showstopping celebrity style moments, Met Gala beauty is definitely no matter to gloss over. The A-listers put just as much energy into their hairstyles, makeup, and nails to execute the "Garden of Time" dress code as they did their jaw-dropping red-carpet fashion. From gravity-defying hair to gothic makeup, bleached brows, fairytale crowns (complete with silver strands in Amanda Seyfried's case) and floral bouquets and embellishments aplenty, the beauty looks were epic.
Noteworthy makeup moments included a resurgence of pencil-thin eyebrows, a trend that was once popularized in the '90s by Jennifer Aniston, Cindy Crawford, and Gwen Stefani. Tyla made her debut with an eyebrow slit to accompany her sand-inspired Balmain gown and Zendaya's pencil-thin arches and then bleached brows seamlessly matched her iconic outfit transformation. Other stars interpreted the theme withholding nothing, from Ariana Grande's natural makeup complete with eye butterfly appliqués, Keke Palmer's ponytail that reached the heavens, and Doja Cat's defiant blonde buzz-cut and glittery tears.
As far as nails goes, celebrities like Gigi Hadid and Sarah Jessica Parker tapped into the same maximalist trends we saw on the spring 2024 runways. In line with her Thom Browne dress that took 13,500 hours to make, Hadid sported French tips adorned with 3D yellow roses reminiscent of the pink rose tips that Moschino models wore. Meanwhile, the Sex and the City icon's nails were adorned in silver chrome, reminding us of the chrome manicures on Diesel's runway.
Below, some of our favorite beauty moments from this year's Met Gala.
It looks like it wasn't just fashion that was reawakened. Not sure you should try this at home.
© Copyright Fashion Times 2024. All rights reserved.
Your Privacy Rights
The material on this site may not bereproduced, distributed, transmitted, cachedor otherwise used,
except
with the priorwritten permission of Fashion Times.
© 2025 Fashion Times LLC. All Rights Reserved