The musician's North American dates will be rescheduled, while European and Oceanic shows are still scheduled to proceed.
 Childish Gambino fans will have to wait a little longer to see Donald Glover in concert.

 The "Redbone" singer announced Monday on social media that he will reschedule the remainder of his North American tour dates due to health concerns.

 "Unfortunately i have to postpone the rest of the north american tour to focus on my physical health for a few weeks," Glover wrote, adding that all existing tickets will be honored at the currently unannounced new dates. "Thanks for the privacy. thanks for the support. thanks for the love."

Steve Granitz/FilmMagic
 Glover, who has rapped under his Childish Gambino moniker since 2008, had already played 18 shows across the Midwest, East Coast, and South on The New World Tour, which kicked off Aug. 11 in Oklahoma City. His last stop came on Saturday in New Orleans. There are 15 shows remaining on the North American leg of the tour, which was previously scheduled to end Oct. 3 in Chicago.

 The tour had already scheduled a four-week break between the last American concert and the first on the European leg, the latter of which is still set to take place in Lyon, France, on Oct. 31, according to the musician's website. That means Glover now has almost eight weeks to rest before heading to Europe, assuming no other dates on the tour are postponed. 

 Representatives for Glover didn't immediately respond to Entertainment Weekly's requests for comment.

 There is another long gap slated between the end of the European leg of the tour (Dec. 5) and the start of his short string of shows in Oceania (Jan. 28), so it's possible that the delayed North American dates could take place in December and January. However, it seems safest to assume that Glover may not hit the road in the U.S. and Canada until spring 2025.

 Glover had previously canceled his Aug. 24 show at the Mohegan Sun Arena in Uncasville, Conn., due to technical difficulties, and also postponed Sunday's concert that was set to take place in Houston due to an undisclosed illness.

 The musician was more detailed when he announced the Uncasville show's cancelation, though he wasn't entirely sure how Connecticut fans would be satisfied in the future. "Personally, im really upset by this," he wrote on social media. "I just met some fans in the lobby and a father who drove out w/ his daughters bday and was trying to get a shoutout (happy birthday btw). the team is coming up w/ a way to make it up to fans, so we'll be in contact w/ everyone who bought a Mohegan Sun ticket.  i know tickets, hotels, driving, all that isnt cheap. so we'll come up with something."

Scott Legato/Getty
 Glover is currently in the midst of one of his busiest years as a multihyphenate entertainer. In March, Prime Video released Mr. & Mrs. Smith, the eight-episode dramedy series that Glover created and starred in (he also directed the final episode). Glover has been nominated for three Emmys for his work on the show: Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series, Outstanding Writing for a Drama Series, and Outstanding Drama Series.

 In May, Glover released Atavista, a remastered and reconfigured version of his 2020 unfinished album 3.15.20. Both versions of the album feature Ariana Grande, 21 Savage, Kadhja Bonet, and more.

 Glover then released Bando Stone & the New World in July, claiming that it will be his final record as Childish Gambino. The album covers a number of disparate genres, and serves as the soundtrack to an as-yet-unreleased IMAX event film of the same name, which Glover directed. A trailer for the film says it will release this year, but a specific date has not been announced.

 Glover also provided the voice of Simba in Barry Jenkins' Mufasa: The Lion King, which will release Dec. 20. The actor previously voiced Simba in 2019's photorealistic remake of the 1994 Disney classic. Additionally, Glover will serve as the co-showrunner of the Disney+ Star Wars series Lando, which will see him reprise the role of Lando Calrissian from 2018's Solo: A Star Wars Story. Calrissian was first portrayed by Billy Dee Williams in The Empire Strikes Back.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)