ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
Mariah Carey's “Christmas (Baby Please Come Home)” and "Oh Santa!" with both Ariana Grande and ... More Jennifer Hudson are big Billboard charts hits, too, this week.   NEW YORK, NY - DECEMBER 15:  Queen Of Christmas, Mariah Carey performs her holiday smash hits at the Beacon Theatre on December 15, 2014 in New York City.  (Photo by Dimitrios Kambouris/Getty Images for Maroon Ent)
When it comes to the end of each and every year, the music world looks to Mariah Carey. Her smash “All I Want For Christmas Is You” returns to charts around the globe, and it becomes especially popular all over again in the U.S. The focus is always on that one track, which is understandable, as it’s one of the most successful songs of all time… but the singer is so much more than just that single, even during Christmastime.
Carey has two other tunes on the Billboard charts this week. One of those tracks returns to a single tally, while the other reappears on multiple rankings, even reaching a new peak on multiple rosters at once.
“Christmas (Baby Please Come Home)” is Carey’s second-biggest hit at the moment. That tune can be found on five different Billboard rankings, including some focused solely on holiday tracks and even a worldwide list.
Carey returns “Christmas (Baby Please Come Home)” to three of the five lists it appears on presently, including the Billboard Global 200 and the R&B/Hip-Hop Digital Song Sales and R&B Digital Song Sales charts. The smash is up to a new high on the latter two, hitting to Nos. 13 and 5, respectively.
The same cut is also on the rise on the Holiday Airplay chart, which measures the most successful songs on radio stations across the U.S. that switch to playing only Christmas-y tracks. “Christmas (Baby Please Come Home)” shoots from No. 23 to No. 16, landing in what will likely be its best position for this year.
At the same time that her cover of “Christmas (Baby Please Come Home)” is succeeding like never before, one of Carey’s jolliest collaborations is also a hit once more. “Oh Santa!,” which also credits both Ariana Grande and Jennifer Hudson, is back on the Holiday 100, but only barely. That tune settles at No. 98 on the ranking, which is compiled in the same way as the even-more-competitive Hot 100, only with all non-seasonal cuts removed.
Of course, even as those two songs grow in stature, nothing can compare to “All I Want For Christmas Is You” on the charts. Carey’s blockbuster rules seven of the 10 Billboard rankings it appears on this week, and it’s not far behind on several others. The smash adds its seventeenth frame atop the Hot 100, establishing itself as the third-longest-ruling cut of all time.