Easter is fast approaching and while many of us are stocking up on chocolate treats, beauty lovers are scrambling to get their hands on a different kind of egg, one filled with premium skincare and beauty products that'll give you glowing skin. With a number already on the market, Boots has thrown their two cents into the mix with a stunning beauty egg that will save you over £100 on cosmetics, costing only £45.
Boots' Little Luxuries Easter Limited Edition Beauty Box was released on Friday, March 22 - giving you a week to go until Good Friday - and follows similar launches from beauty retailers LookFantastic and Glossybox. Inside the adorably packaged purple-speckled cardboard egg, that is neatly tied up with a shiny golden ribbon, shoppers will find 11 beauty treats that range from deluxe size to full size and come from renowned brands like Liz Earle, BARE MINERALS and No7, alongside more trending products from REM, ICONC London, Sol De Janiero, DR.JART and more.
Containing products that'll sort your entire face out, the beauty egg contains a bareMinerals Maximist mascara, a brown liquid liner from Stila (perfect for creating a soft cat eye), Sol De Janeiro’s Cheirosa 62 fragrance mist, a cheek and blush stick, worth £20, from Ariana Grande’s beauty brand REM, an SPF from Ultrasun, a cleanser, brightening serum, high-shine nail polish from No7 and more. And one product inside is worth over half the cost of the box alone.
The Iconic London Illuminator Original Highlighter, whose fans include Amanda Holden, Khloe Kardashian, Meghan Markle and Jourdan Dunn, is a gorgeous intensely pigmented champagne-toned shimmer highlighter that usually costs £32 on the likes of Cult Beauty and used on its own or added to your foundation, primer or moisturiser, it'll leave your skin with 'the most sun-kissed glow ever'.
Fans of the highlighter 'can't stop raving' about it, with the product racking up a 4.5 rating on Boots' website, and praise it for "blend[ing] seamlessly with any skincare or makeup products on your face."
One shopper said: "Whether you want a subtle glow or a bold look, this highlighter can do it all. The shade is universally flattering and suits everyone. Plus, a little goes a long way with this small bottle." With that being said, the 13.5ml bottle you received in the beauty egg should last you all spring and all summer. 
Another remarked: "Use this on top of liquid foundation to give myself a glow. Minimal amount needed for maximum effect. Also love as a highlighter on cheeks, brows, nose and Cupid's bow."
The beauty egg is filled with a number of stunning premium products that'll give your Easter a bit of a beauty boost. Here’s what's in the Boots Beauty Easter Egg this year:
Iconic London Illuminator Original Highlighter 13.5ml - £32
REM Cheek & Blush Stick 7.5g - £20
Caudalie Vinoperfect Brightening Dark Spot Serum 10ml - £16.66
Stila Liquid Eyeliner Brown 0.5ml - £16
Sol De Janeiro Cheirosa 62 30ml - £16
BareMinerals Maximist Volumising Mascara 5ml - £15
Ultrasun 30SPF Face 25ml - £12
Liz Earle Skin Repair Rich Cream 15ml - £8
Frank body Coconut Coffee Scrub 20g - £7.95
No7 Gel Finish Nail Colour 10ml - £6.95
Dr Jart+ Cicapair Foaming Cleanser 30ml - £5.70
The amazing haul is suggested to be worth ‘over £147’, but when our beauty expert Bethan Shufflebotham did the maths over on The Mirror, it worked out at around £156, saving shoppers well over £100 based on the RRP. And at £45, each product inside would work out at under £4.10, meaning there are some pretty hefty discounts to be had. It makes it the ultimate alternative to chocolate this Easter, whether you’re treating a loved one, or simply topping up your own beauty stash.
Elsewhere, the LookFantastic beauty egg comes in at £60 and is worth over £200, while the Glossybox beauty egg is worth over £167 and costs £40. 
But if it’s the Boots Little Luxuries Easter haul that takes your fancy, complete with an array of skincare, makeup, and fragrance essentials, you can buy it here for £45.