Midnight struck on Friday, March 8, and Ariana Grande gave the world her seventh studio album, “Eternal Sunshine.” This is her first album in three years.
The entire album feels like a beautiful breath of fresh air. A large portion of the songs on the album can resonate with listeners. Some fans feel as if this is not one of her best projects, but in due time they will come to their senses.
Everything gets better with time. This album must be placed in her top three works.
Throughout the past couple of years, fans have been able to see Ariana Grande diverge into different genres of music. Her last album, “Positions,” came out in October 2020, and a deluxe version of the album was released in February 2021. Both good projects, containing a mix of R&B, hip-hop and pop.
“Eternal Sunshine” brings out the pop but with a more mature and reflective side of Ariana Grande. This is an exquisite project and one for the books. Her best albums include “Eternal Sunshine,” “Sweetener” and “Positions,” in no particular order.
The lead single for the album is “Yes, And,” which was released on Jan. 12, about two months before the entire album was released.
The album comprises 13 tracks “Intro (End Of The World),” “Bye,” “Don’t Wanna Break Up Again,” “Saturn Returns Interlude,” “Eternal Sunshine,” “Supernatural,” “True Story,” “The Boy Is Mine,” “Yes, And?” :We Can’t Be Friends (Wait For Your Love),” “I Wish I Hated You,” “Imperfect For You”  and “Ordinary Things (Feat. Nonna).”
Tracks six, seven, and 10 are the best songs on the album. Ultimately, those three songs are the true showstoppers. There is never a dull moment when these songs are playing.
Track Six: “Supernatural”
This song has a strong, charming and intoxicating chorus. It reminds me of the song “Breathin” from Grande’s fourth studio album, “Sweetener.”
Chorus:
“It’s like supernatural
This love’s possessing me, but I don’t mind at all
It’s like supernatural
It’s taking over me, don’t wanna fight the fall
It’s like supernatural.”
Hopefully in the future, this song gets a music video, it truly deserves it.
Track Seven: “True Story”
“True Story” is another song that sounds similar to one of Grande’s previously released works. This track sounds like “Bloodline” from her fifth album, “Thank U, Next.” The beats, the rhythms and the lyrics mirror and complement one another.
“I’ll play the bad girl if you need me to
If it makes you feel better
I’ll be the one you love to hate, can’t relate
Too much on my plate”
This track sounds like Grande is coming to the realization of all the false notions and illusions that her partner was attempting to blind her with. It also puts her in the light of being content with being projected onto.
Track 10: “We Can’t Be Friends (Wait For Your Love)”
This song can be digested in different ways. Either in the sense that Ariana is saying (1) she cannot be friends with the person anymore, because of how much she loved them or (2) she cannot wait for their love anymore, so she must go.
“Me and my truth, we sit in silence
Baby girl, it’s just me and you
‘Cause I don’t wanna argue, but I don’t wanna bite
My tongue, yeah, I think I’d rather die
You got me misunderstood, but at least I look this good.”
This chunk of lyrics feel like an intimate conversation that Grande is having with herself. It sounds like a moment of recognition and realization. Throughout the years, the world has seen Grande go through so many different things, and there are also things that we would have never known about.
Here is the music video for track 10.
“Eternal Sunshine” stands as an electrifying and attention-grabbing addition to Ariana Grande’s discography. This album is one that a person should set some time to listen to if it is to be absorbed fully. Any listener can hear Grande’s growth, versatility and lyricism. With standout tracks such as “Don’t Wanna Break Up Again,” “Supernatural,” “True Story,” and “We Can’t Be Friends (Wait For Your Love),” the album grants any listener a unique and memorable listening experience. “Eternal Sunshine” concerts its status as a must-listen album, and allows Grande to display her passion and commitment to quality music.