Fellow Ozians, based on the trailer we can confirm that this movie is going to be just as grand and green as we had hoped!
Attention fellow Ozians, the official trailer for the Wicked movie has just dropped, and even The Wizard himself commented on how just how grand and green it was. He also ordered us Ozians to find out everything there is to know about the Wicked movie trailer and what viewers can excerpt from the much anticipated musical. So slip on your ruby slippers, and buckle up because this film is sure to be a hit.
Including this upcoming movie, there are now three versions of Wicked. First, Gregory Maguire wrote his best-selling book in 1995. Broadway adpated the beloved book into Wicked the musical, which has been on Broadway for 20 years and has won three different Tony awards. (It is also the fourth longest-running Broadway musical of all time!) Now we’ll finally have the movie, set to release later this year.
Wicked serves as the prequel to The Wizard of Oz and imagines what happened between the two witches before Dorothy dropped in. Maquire’s story follows Elphaba Thropp as she deals with being the only green person at Shiz University. While there, she meets Galinda, from whom she could not be more different. Elsewhere, animals all over Oz are being imprisoned for speaking, and a new guy named Fiyero comes into town to stir up trouble and win over the witches. What follows is a battle of brains, hearts and courage.
It is unclear at this point in time if the movie will follow the musical exactly or if just the premise will be the same. When producers adapted the book for Broadway, they changed a lot of the minor plot points to be more family-friendly and less dark.
Stephen Schwartz and Winnie Holzman, who co-wrote the music and lyrics to the Broadway show, have however announced that at least four new songs will be added to the movie. Three of those songs are newly written, while the other was cut from the original Broadway production.
The Wicked movie has an A-list cast, that is for sure. Cynthia Erivo is set to play Elphaba, Ariana Grande will play Glinda and Bridgerton’s Jonathan Bailey will play Fiyero. Michelle Yeoh, Jeff Goldblum, Marissa Bode, Peter Dinklage and Bowen Yang are also expected to appear.
“This moment, this film, these people, this cast, this crew, this director, my Glinda, were the grandest gift I could ever have asked for, and I am eternally grateful for the chance to bring you This Elphie,” Erivo wrote in an Instagram caption in 2023. “I am endlessly grateful to play a role that turns the notion of what beauty is on its head. I am endlessly grateful to be working with some of the most beautiful souls on the planet. I hope when you meet her, you’ll love her as much and as fiercely as I do.”
A post shared by Cynthia Erivo (@cynthiaerivo)
Aside from a few little social media posts here and there, the cast has remained pretty tight-lipped on what fans can expect from the movie and how they feel about starring in such a massive production.
The Wicked movie is actually set to come out in two parts. Part 1 (which is what the trailer is about) is set to hit theaters on November 27, 2024, and the second part is expected to release on November 26, 2025.
However, if you cannot wait that long to travel down the yellow brick road, the original The Wizard of Oz movie is streaming on Max, and the hit film Oz the Great and Powerful is available on Hulu.
For all things entertainment, click here!
Conversation
All comments are subject to our Community Guidelines. Woman's World does not endorse
					the opinions and views shared by our readers in our comment sections. Our comments section is a place
					where readers can engage in healthy, productive, lively, and respectful discussions. Offensive language,
					hate speech, personal attacks, and/or defamatory statements are not permitted. Advertising or spam is
					also prohibited.
				
You have successfully subscribed.
Part of the a360media Women's Service Group.Copyright © a360media 2025. All Rights Reserved
By clicking Sign In, you agree to our Terms and Conditions and that you have read our Privacy Policy.
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include:
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include: