Warning: Wicked spoilers ahead…but, like, only if you’ve never seen The Wizard of Oz.
Musical movie Wicked, starring Cynthia Erivo and Ariana Grande, is undoubtedly one of the biggest cinematic events of the year, making us even more excited for the second half of Wicked part two–which is due for release in November 2025.
Before part two rolls around, we need to know: Who will play Wizard of Oz star and protagonist Dorothy? After all, Wicked’s entire story was inspired by events in The Wizard of Oz, and Dorothy plays a key part in the “demise” of Elphaba, the Wicked Witch of the West.
But we’re getting ahead of ourselves. In Wicked part one we got a very brief glimpse of Dorothy and co.—the Tin Man, the Lion, and the Scarecrow—as the movie introduced us to Munchkinland, Oz, and the Yellow Brick Road, which we see our favorite Oz characters embarking down.
More than 30 wigs, custom green body makeup, and hours in the makeup chair brought Elphaba and Glinda to the big screen.
Dorothy’s arrival in Oz sadly leads to the death of Elpahaba’s sister Nessarose, the “Wicked Witch of the East.” In fact, Dorothy’s house lands on her, and the young girl even steals the witch’s ruby red slippers in the original film–no wonder Elphaba wants revenge, really.
When asked by Variety about Dorothy’s role in the Wicked musical movie, director Jon M. Chu had a lot to say about it.
“The Wizard of Oz is potentially a dream. It’s a world where there are no real stakes. Knowing that Elphaba and Glinda live in a world of real stakes, we had to reestablish with the audience that this was real,” he said, going on to confirm we will “revisit” Dorothy and her friends in part two.
“So we dropped everyone into the crime scene, maybe the most famous crime scene ever in cinema and literature, of the iconic hat in the puddle,” Chu said. “There are all these little clues before we see the full landscape of Oz. It’s this living, breathing place with real cultures, so we immediately establish this is not a dream world. After we go somewhere over the rainbow, we see that those four iconic characters exist in this real world. And we will revisit those characters in movie two.”
Chu was hesitant to go into details, though, about exactly how much of a role Dorothy will play in Wicked part two, and there’s no news (yet) on who might play her.
“In the show, Dorothy is around,” he said. “They have to intersect, and you can only tease it so much. I won’t say whether she’s a character, necessarily, in movie two. There’s a part of me that wants everyone’s Dorothy to be the whatever Dorothy they want. And yet there is interaction and some crossover. So I’ll leave that up to part two.”
More news on Dorothy’s story in Wicked part two as it comes…
This article was originally published by Glamour UK.
But only a chosen few have gotten to actually see it.
More from Glamour
See More Stories & Guides
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Glamour may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices