Broadway + NYC
Broadway
Off-Broadway
Off-Off Broadway
Cabaret
Dance
Opera
Classical Music
United States
Eastern
Central
Western
Minneapolis / St. Paul
Connecticut
Atlanta
Chicago
Los Angeles
Central New York
West End
WEST END
UK Regional
International
Canada
Australia / New Zealand
Europe
Asia
Latin America
Africa / Middle East
Entertainment
TV/Movies
Music
The film will be available on Fandango at Home, Xfinity, Prime Video, Apple TV, YouTube, and more.
POPULAR
Can't get enough Wicked? You'll soon be able to watch the film adaptation of the iconic musical from the comfort of your own home. Wicked will be available to stream beginning on December 31 on various streaming platforms, including Fandango at Home, Xfinity, Prime Video, Apple TV, YouTube, and more. Check out the full list of platforms here.
As previously announced, the film is also coming to DVD and Blu-ray next year, and can be pre-ordered here.
Get ready to sing your heart out— at home! ?? Watch Wicked at home on December 31 https://t.co/hzmhNjgcmY pic.twitter.com/BEWiDhvo0e
The Wicked film adaptation stars Cynthia Erivo as Elphaba, Ariana Grande as Glinda, Jonathan Bailey as Fiyero, Jeff Goldblum as The Wizard, Michelle Yeoh as Madame Morrible, Ethan Slater as Boq, and Marissa Bode as Nessarose. The first part was released on November 22, 2024, with Part Two hitting theaters on November 21, 2025.
Wicked, the untold story of the witches of Oz, follows Elphaba who is misunderstood because of her unusual green skin and has yet to discover her true power, and Glinda, a popular young woman, gilded by privilege and ambition, who has yet to discover her true heart. 
The two meet as students at Shiz University in the fantastical Land of Oz and forge an unlikely but profound friendship. After encountering The Wonderful Wizard of Oz, their friendship reaches a crossroads, and their lives take very different paths. 
Read the reviews for Wicked here.
Dead Outlaw is the darkly hilarious and wildly inventive musical about the bizarre true story of outlaw-turned-corpse-turned-celebrity Elmer McCurdy. As Elmer’s body finds even more outlandish adventures in death than it could have ever hoped for in life, the show explores fame, failure, and the meaning – or, utter meaninglessness – of legacy. Dying is no reason to stop living life to its fullest. 
In a recent interview, Jeff Goldblum shared a bit about the musical number 'Wonderful,' which he performs in Wicked: For Good alongside Cynthia Erivo.
Jeremy Jordan has joined the ranks of Amanda Seyfried, Cristin Milioti, and other talented performers who are speaking out about their Wicked movie auditions.
The Cinema Foundation has confirmed that attendees of their Sneak Peek Showcase, which plays in theaters on April 22 and April 24, may be the first people outside of CinemaCon to see the first trailer for Wicked: For Good. 
A new version of the Wicked soundtrack will be released tonight at midnight, which features cast and filmmaker commentary, including from Ariana Grande and Cynthia Erivo. 
Videos
Recommended For You
Sign up for announcements, and exclusive discounts on tickets to your favorite shows!
© 2025 - Copyright Wisdom Digital Media, all rights reserved. Privacy Policy