As usual, Entertainment Editor Richard Arnold was on hand with the latest celebrity news and one item at the top of the segment was Ariana Grande's appearance on Hot Ones.
Kate Garraway, Rob Rinder and Richard watched a clip of the singer battling to eat hot chillis as she was interviewed. While Good Morning hosts Rob and Richard questioned why you'd put yourself through that, Kate made a surprise admission.
Richard exclaimed: "I don't know why you'd put yourself through that," as Kate replied: "I think I'd be alright at that."
"Would you?" Richard asked as she continued: "I'm really good at spice. If that could be an Olympic sport, that's maybe where I could do my over 50 entrance."
Rob asked: "Do you have a tongue like asbestos?" with the host explaining: "Well I just really love it, the hotter the better, I just love it. I used to have jalapeños for breakfast."
Rob and Richard gasped: "What?!" as Kate continued: "I know, I feel like I've gone into something I didn't need to share."
Rob joked: "It would be upsetting if you shared what happened the day after," leaving Kate laughing.
Kate returned to host Good Morning Britain this week after taking care of her father after he suffered a health scare. She previously shared on her Instagram: "Hi all - sorry I disappeared from here when my Dad collapsed and rushed to hospital 2 weeks ago while having a holiday with my Mum at my brother's.
"It was very scary but am so pleased that he is now stable and even recovering a bit in hospital - we have so much to be grateful for, but are taking it a day at a time.
"Huge thanks to the incredible NHS staff for their endless kindness and the heart they put into the care of all their patients which has meant so much to my mum and all our family. Huge thanks too to my incredible friends @itv and @smoothradio particularly @ranvirtv @charlottehawkins1 @tinahobleyofficial @myleeneklass for yet again changing their plans to cover for me so I could put my family first."
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.