Sign up for your daily dose of dope.
Former wildchild Lindsay Lohan is 'aging backwards' claim fans as she sports 'new face'.
Dec. 10 2024, Published 12:36 p.m. ET
The secrets behind Lindsay Lohan's "new face" have been exposed as fans claim "she's aging backwards".
RadarOnline.com can reveal the former Hollywood wildchild has enjoyed a career renaissance of late which has coincided with her fresh youthful appearance.
Lohan's face looks noticeably different amid her career renaissance as she prepares to hit 40.
And now her beauty secrets have been exposed by cosmetics experts who have lifted the lid on her treatments.
The Mean Girls star, 38, has undergone several procedures, while enjoying life out of the spotlight in Dubai with her one-year-old son Luai and millionaire husband, Bader Shammas.
According to plastic surgeon and aesthetic specialist Dr Fadi Hamadani, one of her surgery secrets is a brow lift.
He explains: "Her latest appearance suggests she may have undergone some subtle aesthetic enhancements. 
"It's possible she has opted for a temporal brow/midface lift, which would explain her refreshed and lifted appearance, maintaining her youthful, sculpted look while enhancing her natural beauty."
Lohan's new face may have set her back $300,000, according to aesthetics doctor Dr Jonny Betteridge.
In addition to this, Lohan's upper eyelids look "rejuvenated", according to the professional, which could indicate "she has undergone an upper blepharoplasty, further enhancing her bright and youthful eyes."
He added: "For her lower eyelids, a combination of Morpheus8 Resurfacing treatments and nanofat grafting may have been used to smooth and refine the area, helping to maintain a natural and refreshed look.”
Dr Fadi added Lohan's lips "appear slightly fuller", which could be the result of "a small amount of dermal filler."
Lohan has been enjoying the quiet life in Dubai with her young son Luai and millionaire husband, Bader Shammas.
He said this could have been "carefully placed to balance and enhance her features while keeping the results subtle and natural."
The plastic surgeon said that Lindsay appears to have had rhinoplasty as part of her style overhaul.
He added: "Her nose appears more slender and defined, complementing her overall facial symmetry."
Speaking of the possible procedures, which could have cost an estimated $300,000, according to aesthetics doctor Dr Jonny Betteridge, Dr Fadi concluded: "Whatever her routine entails, the results are a testament to the power of modern aesthetic techniques in achieving natural, timeless beauty."
Lohan's new festive movie on Netflix, Our Little Secret, has been a hit with fans.
Despite speculation being rife about Lohan’s possible cosmetic proceedures, her father Michael Lohan, 64, claims she's all natural, apart from a few minor tweeks.
The former Wall Street trader, 64, said: "Lindsay never had any plastic surgery done ever”, before saying she had had “peels, fillers and Botox."
Meanwhile, Lohan has revealed her family Christmas plans, having become a festive favourite courtesy of her new Netflix film Our Little Secret.
Daily updates from the heart of Hollywood, right to your inbox
By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you’re agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
Detailing specifically that she loves to wrap presents, Lohan said: "For my son, I want to do fun ones. If he sees dinosaur wrapping paper, he gets excited."
Lohan added her desire to "do everything for the baby" has influenced the work she’s doing recently, saying: "For me, everything is about my child and my family and my household, and making sure that my work is in line with what’s going to work for everyone else."
Our Little Secret was shot in Atlanta and marked Lohan's first movie as a working mom.
She said: "My son was six months old, and so I was learning for the first time really how to go and work and be on set and come home.
"Where I was staying was really close to where we were filming. So it was pretty much just a normal day job, and I felt so blessed for that."
Have a tip? Send it to us! Email RadarOnline.com at tips@radaronline.com.
Email us at tips@radaronline.com
It's all over all right. On May 14, just one day before news broke that Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez are allegedly headed toward a divorce, the singer was spotted house-hunting on her own in Beverly Hills, RadarOnline.com revealed.
BY Aaron Johnson
Clint Eastwood has hit his “frankly, I don’t give a damn” moment in life!
BY Radar Staff
Tom Cruise is living up to his Top Gun image by splashing a fortune choppering his new female “best pal” around Britain – after he “fell in love” with the way she's overcome her disability.
BY Aaron Tinney
More From Radar Online
Opt-out of personalized ads
© Copyright 2025 RADAR ONLINE™️. A DIVISION OF MYSTIFY ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK INC. RADAR ONLINE is a registered trademark. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy. People may receive compensation for some links to products and services. Offers may be subject to change without notice.