Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
Ariana Grande's fans are convinced they've found the exact necklace she wears as Glinda in new blockbuster film Wicked. The star, who has garnered high praise for her role in the movie musical, is Swarovski's Brand Ambassador, which helped fans make the connection.
Sharing their excitement on TikTok, one happy shopper showcased Swarovski's Lilia necklace, reports the Mirror. Posting as @Chi96885, they gushed: "Me one day after watching Wicked. It's the necklace Glinda wore. I can't wear it yet because it's my Christmas present," adding that the design is "so pretty."
The necklace is available from Swarovski's Outlet in three colours. The blue rhodium plated necklace is reduced from £89 to £53, the white rhodium version is £59.50 down from £85, and there's a white necklace that is rose gold-tone plated version, also cut from £85 to £59.50.
Describing the rose gold option, the site details: "An elegant choice for everyday, this delicate necklace will become a new wardrobe staple. It features shimmering pavé butterfly motifs suspended from a rose gold-tone plated chain. The perfect partner to white T-shirts, cashmere jumpers, denim, or eveningwear – essentially, anything goes."
While there are no reviews on the website, fans have enthusiastically shared their thoughts in response to the viral TikTok video. The necklace has been receiving a wave of compliments for its charming design. One enthusiastic fan exclaimed: "I WANT IT SO BAD." Echoing the sentiment, a second said: "It's a need."
A different admirer commented: "I had the necklace on when watching it and i never wanted to scream more." Another added: "No because I did the same thing, it is being delivered on Monday." Someone else excitedly commented: "I GOT IT TOO."
Some said they'd prefer an all-gold option, with one remarking, "It's cute but I'm a gold girly." Another agreed, writing: "Cries in gold girly." 
Elsewhere, a confused fan commented: "I dont even remember glinda wearing necklace..." and a helpful viewer replied: "It's in dancing through life." Someone added: "When she meets Fiyero."
Not all feedback was positive, though. Someone commented: "It's pretty but $80 for plated is crazy." Another viewer claimed: "It's good quality though. My sister has worn this exact necklace every day for 3 years and it's still in perfect condition." A fan added: "£53 atm in the sale," and someone thought: "Worth it to wear the same necklace as queen Ari."
Alternatively, fans looking for butterfly-themed jewellery might also like H Samuel's Sterling Silver 0.10ct Diamond Butterfly Necklace, currently discounted from £149 to £79.99, Astrid & Miyu's 18k Gold Plated Butterfly Pendant reduced from £120 to £90, or Jeulia's Butterfly Sterling Silver Women's Necklace Gold Tone at £115.
On ASOS, bargain hunters can find Lovisa's gold plated sterling silver pave butterfly necklace in gold for £16, and Lovisa's Sterling silver pave butterfly necklace in silver discounted to £17.50.