1 star: Avoid conflicts; work behind the scenes. 2 stars: You can accomplish, but don't rely on others. 3 stars: Focus and you'll reach your goals. 4 stars: Aim high; start new projects. 5 stars: Nothing can stop you; go for gold.
Advertisement
CELEBRITIES BORN ON THIS DAY: Ariana Grande, 31; Ryan Tedder, 45; Derek Jeter, 50; Chris O’Donnell, 54.
Birthday Baby: You are caring, objective and innovative. You are persistent and helpful.
Happy Birthday: Learn as you go, and you’ll develop innovative ideas that will crescendo into healthy nuances that encourage you to be the best version of yourself. Turn this year into one of personal growth, finding your bliss and making your dreams come true. Your happiness is your responsibility, and change is on the horizon if you up your game and participate in life and love. Your numbers are 7, 12, 18, 27, 30, 38, 46.
ARIES (March 21-April 19): Temperatures will rise as talks heat up. Know what you are getting into before you banter with someone you love. You stand to lose if you force your will on others. Consider consequences before you engage in battle. Compromise will be your best route forward. 4 stars
TAURUS (April 20-May 20): Find the tribe that makes you feel alive and helps you complete your mission. Who you connect with emotionally will offer insight into your best way forward; however, be cautious if anyone wants you to donate or buy something you cannot afford or don’t need. 4 stars
GEMINI (May 21-June 20): Stick to basics and take a moment to digest what’s said or done before reacting. Direct your energy into helping a cause or someone you love, but promise only what you know you can deliver. Someone will turn on you quickly if you disappoint them. 2 stars
CANCER (June 21-July 22): Take a detour and discover something exciting. Visit a travel agent, set a new goal or start an adventure that broadens your perspective and captures your attention. You are experiencing a mental growth spurt, so let your curiosity take you beyond daydreaming. Shake things up. 5 stars
LEO (July 23-Aug. 22): Search for organizations, people and information that can help you create an opportunity to start a project, address a concern or change your lifestyle to fit your budget. Don’t take anything for granted. Oversee every detail and try to do much of the work yourself. 3 stars
VIRGO (Aug. 23-Sept. 22): A change of heart, direction or location will spark your imagination and encourage you to take a chance if it will get you closer to your goal. You have plenty to offer, and the conversations you initiate with experts will help you decide on the possibilities. Romance is favored. 3 stars.
LIBRA (Sept. 23-Oct. 22): Explore your options, see what or who is at your disposal, and be willing to pitch in and help. You must surround yourself with positive energy if you don’t want to become discouraged. A positive attitude will open doors, and a negative influence will shut them down. 3 stars
SCORPIO (Oct. 23-Nov. 21): Keep moving forward until you are happy with the results. Use your intelligence and magic to inspire others to recognize your worth. A change is within reach, and you will succeed with the right team of people and excellent plans. Personal gain and romance are in the stars. 5 stars
SAGITTARIUS (Nov. 22-Dec. 21): Confusion will occur if you aren’t clear. Don’t exaggerate or allow anyone to misinterpret what you are trying to convey. You have a window of opportunity, and it’s crucial you use every moment to build a solid foundation for your dreams, hopes and wishes. 2 stars
CAPRICORN (Dec. 22-Jan. 19): Draw the line between work and pleasure. Put your heart into whatever you do, and you’ll encourage others to give back as much as you. A partnership can enhance your love life and your bank account. A change of location, plans or lifestyle will be beneficial. 4 stars
AQUARIUS (Jan. 20-Feb. 18): You can push hard, but if you don’t have everything in place, using force won’t help. Take your time and figure out how to use your skills before spotlighting your goal. An opportunity is helpful only if you have the wherewithal to take advantage. 3 stars
PISCES (Feb. 19-March 20): Keep your eye on what’s happening at home. Observe, ask questions and do your best to rectify any troubled waters requiring damage control. It’s worthwhile to go the extra mile to ward off unwanted expenses. Keep the peace and alter whatever is necessary to accommodate loved ones. 3 stars
Advertisement
1 star: Avoid conflicts; work behind the scenes. 2 stars: You can accomplish, but don't rely on others. 3 stars: Focus and you'll reach your goals. 4 stars: Aim high; start new projects. 5 stars: Nothing can stop you; go for gold.
CELEBRITIES BORN ON THIS DAY: Busy Philipps, 45; Linda Cardellini, 49; Ricky Gervais, 63; Carly Simon, 81.
Birthday Baby: You are appealing, unique and entertaining. You are enthusiastic and commanding.
Happy Birthday: Shed light on obscure situations. Let your thoughts be known, and you’ll snag a leadership position. Your ability to nurture and make things right will put others at ease and make you proud. Proceed with the empathy and love for others that you expect in return, and you’ll set a standard among your peers. A change is within reach. Your numbers are 6, 11, 19, 25, 32, 37, 48.
ARIES (March 21-April 19): Don’t start something you cannot finish. Keep your thoughts and feelings to yourself until you sort through the facts and have time to calm down. Put your energy where it can do some good, and participate in a cause that improves your life and the world. 4 stars
TAURUS (April 20-May 20): Don’t let anger set in when action is required. Take a leadership position. You can make a difference if you are bold and brave. Silence is golden when your actions unite people and help those less fortunate. Seize the moment, and praise will follow. 2 stars
GEMINI (May 21-June 20): Chase information and prepare to act. Trust yourself to make changes that encourage others to follow suit. A disciplined mind and plan will make a difference and save money and your reputation. Focus on what you can accomplish. 5 stars
CANCER (June 21-July 22): Push for what you want. Set high standards and do your part, and you’ll build a following. Think outside the box and use discipline and foresight to implement your plan. You have plenty to gain if you complete your task. 3 stars
LEO (July 23-Aug. 22): Don’t try to do the impossible. Look for opportunities and put your experience, knowledge and energy where it brings the highest return. Refuse to let emotional incidents fracture your chance to advance or test your integrity or reputation. Try to see the good in everything and everyone. 3 stars
VIRGO (Aug. 23-Sept. 22): Be aware of what’s happening around you, and prepare to sidestep anything you want to avoid encountering. Pay attention to events that offer alternatives and answers and show results. Hanging out with people who share your insights will be beneficial. 3 stars
LIBRA (Sept. 23-Oct. 22): Fix your surroundings to accommodate what you want to pursue. Expand your mind rather than limit yourself because you feel you must associate with something or someone who is outdated or stagnant. Try something new and exciting that will open a channel that leads from boredom to enthusiasm. 5 stars
SCORPIO (Oct. 23-Nov. 21): Learn from your mistakes and move forward without trepidation. Expanding your interests, knowledge and desires will take you on a journey that stretches your imagination, makes you face your fears and brings you to a place of comfort. Test your skills, and embrace life and love. 2 stars
SAGITTARIUS (Nov. 22-Dec. 21): Just do it. Distance yourself from those standing between you and what you want. Pay attention to details and oversee every move you make. There is little wiggle room today, so leave nothing to chance. If you hesitate, you will fall short. 4 stars
CAPRICORN (Dec. 22-Jan. 19): Unusual people, places and pastimes will draw your attention. Go with the flow and explore the possibilities. Life, love and happiness await if you invest time and money into whatever excites you the most. Press the buttons that bring about change. 3 stars
AQUARIUS (Jan. 20-Feb. 18): Sit tight, wait, and watch anyone pushing you to make a change or act hastily. Spending more time and energy fixing up your surroundings and mulling over how you feel and what you can do to relieve stress will help you find solace. 3 stars
PISCES (Feb. 19-March 20): Take the high road and don’t look back. Refuse to think someone else’s ideas can be better for you than your own. Cozy up to someone you feel has long-term potential as a personal or business partner. Earn your spot on the road to opportunity. 3 stars
Advertisement
1 star: Avoid conflicts; work behind the scenes. 2 stars: You can accomplish, but don't rely on others. 3 stars: Focus and you'll reach your goals. 4 stars: Aim high; start new projects. 5 stars: Nothing can stop you; go for gold.
CELEBRITIES BORN ON THIS DAY: Solange Knowles, 38; Minka Kelly, 44; Mindy Kaling, 45; Sherry Stringfield, 57.
Birthday Baby: You are affectionate, charming and artistic. You are ambitious and persuasive.
Happy Birthday: Look over your options and creatively approach what you add to your to-do list. Combine what makes you happy with how you save or earn, and you’ll have a win-win situation. Put your energy where it makes the most sense. A positive attitude will attract opportunity and boost your energy, allowing you to follow through confidently. Choose peace and love over chaos. Your numbers are 8, 14, 25, 29, 31, 38, 46.
ARIES (March 21-April 19): Think before you act or speak. Make sure you have your facts straight and a practical plan in place. The outcome of whatever situation you face will depend on what you contribute and being willing to compromise to get what’s important to you. 4 stars
TAURUS (April 20-May 20): Check your emotions at the door and proceed with dignity and facts. Channel your energy into activities that help you present your attributes in a positive and helpful manner. Look for the good in others, and discover how to get things done without backlash. 2 stars
GEMINI (May 21-June 20): Live and learn. Being a good listener will broaden your scope of a situation, help you understand what you are up against and encourage you to learn whatever is necessary to accomplish your goals. Refuse to let situations escalate that can lead to a negative response. 5 stars
CANCER (June 21-July 22): You’ll shine in situations that require innovation or capturing an audience that can make a difference to the outcome of a problem you face. Don’t shy away from change when taking a unique approach will separate you from any competition you encounter. Choose a healthy lifestyle. 3 stars
LEO (July 23-Aug. 22): Take charge and get the ball rolling. Embrace change, chances and creativity with enthusiasm, and dazzle anyone you encounter. Spread joy instead of trying to get what you want using force. Don’t allow mixed emotions to point you in the wrong direction. 3 stars
VIRGO (Aug. 23-Sept. 22): Think big, but live within your budget. Coming up with a functional and financially sound plan will lead to stability and approval from people you want to impress. Showing attentiveness and gratitude will win favors and support to make your life easier. Personal growth is favored. 3 stars
LIBRA (Sept. 23-Oct. 22): Rearrange your space to suit your needs; you’ll have more time to do things that bring you joy. Refuse to let anyone talk you into something that benefits them more than you. Being direct may not be well received, but it will ease your stress. 5 stars
SCORPIO (Oct. 23-Nov. 21): Being involved will lead to knowledge, understanding and exciting encounters. Travel, educational pursuits and participation in interest groups will help you determine what to do next. A change will introduce you to people who have something unique to offer. 2 stars
SAGITTARIUS (Nov. 22-Dec. 21): Rein in your spending and rethink how you choose to win approval. Trying to buy favors will send a false message. Focus on personal growth, self-love and changing how you live. Assess what’s working for you. 4 stars
CAPRICORN (Dec. 22-Jan. 19): A domestic change can save time and money. Look for the best way to use your cash to help you gain freedom. A partnership looks promising and will spark your creative imagination. It’s time to trust in yourself and to focus on what’s important. 3 stars
AQUARIUS (Jan. 20-Feb. 18): Home improvement projects will encourage you to enjoy what you’ve worked so hard to achieve and protect you from outside influences trying to separate you from your cash. You’ll gain the most from what you have created for yourself and your loved ones. 3 stars
PISCES (Feb. 19-March 20): Simplifying your life will lead to contentment. Make a list of your responsibilities, and consider how to lighten the load. Concentrate on stabilization, feeling secure and enjoying what you have instead of clambering to keep up with someone else’s dreams. 3 stars
Advertisement