By
Chris Piner
Kicking off another episode of Saturday Night Live on October 12th, the iconic show, celebrating its 50th season, welcomed back Ariana Grande to host. Given her upcoming movie Wicked, it seemed like the perfect time for her to return to Studio 8H. But although a top singer, the musical guest for the evening went to Stevie Nicks. The famed Fleetwood Mac singer made her debut on SNL over 40 years ago. Only her second time on the show, Nicks performed her new song “The Lighthouse.” But knowing her rich history in music, she also treated fans to a throwback to her 1981 classic hit “Edge of Seventeen.” 
Introduced by Grande, Nicks last appeared on SNL back in 1983 when Flip Wilson hosted the show. At the time, SNL was in its 9th season. But fast forward to now and Nicks took the stage as fans could barely contain their excitement. With the performance making its way online, fans continued to praise the legendary singer, writing, “She is using her voice on something she believes in. That is art. This was wonderful.” Another person added, “It amazes me that she was able to do everything she did back in the 70-80s and is still going this strong.”
[RELATED: Watch the Magical “Stand Back” Performance Stevie Nicks Delivered 41 Years Ago on ‘Saturday Night Live’]
After the SNL cast treated viewers to some hilarious moments involving Grande giving her best Jennifer Coolidge impression, Nicks once again took the stage. But this time, she decided to take a trip into the past with “Edge of Seventeen.” But like any live show, there were a few hiccups as a technical issue delayed the performance. Thankfully, the issue was resolved quickly and Nicks dazzled on the stage. 
Although Nicks first performed on SNL during the 1980s, the singer still remembered the night and the nerves that came with her helming her solo career. She told People, “That was about two and a half years into my solo career, so it was nerve-wracking because it was not Fleetwood Mac; it was my solo career, so it was very scary to go on the show when you’ve been in a huge band and now you’re going on Saturday Night Live as a solo artist.”
(Photo by Kevin Mazur/Getty Images for Billy Joel & Stevie Nicks)
Only members can comment. Become a member. Already a member? Log in.
2 Surprising Albums That Inspired Maynard James Keenan of Tool
Is ‘Saturday Night Live’ New Tonight? Host & Musical Guest (5/3/25)
Kelly Clarkson Thinks This Fellow ‘American Idol’ Alum Would Be “A Fun Hang” on a Deserted Island

			© 2025 American Songwriter			American Songwriter: a Savage Ventures Brand