Michelle is a Newsweek editor based in the New York metro area. Her focus is reporting on celebrity and entertainment news. She has in-depth knowledge of pop music and fandom. Michelle joined Newsweek in 2024 after editorial positions at Us Weekly, iHeartRadio and more. She is a cum laude graduate of Drew University. You can get in touch with Michelle by emailing mmcgahan@newsweek.com. You can find her on X @MichelleMcGahan. Languages: English.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
Wicked may have been the talk of the town for the past few months, but for Ethan Slater's ex-wife, Lilly Jay, it's even more inescapable.
Jay, who shares a 2-year-old son with Slater (who plays Boq in the film), got candid in a deeply poignant personal essay for The Cut, opening up about the demise of their marriage and the actor's subsequent relationship with co-star Ariana Grande.
"No one gets married thinking they'll get divorced, in the same way we don't board a plane expecting to crash. But I really never thought I would get divorced. Especially not just after giving birth to my first child and especially not in the shadow of my husband's new relationship with a celebrity," Jay, who is a clinical psychologist, began the essay, which was published on Thursday, December 19.
"In this season of shock and mourning, over a year after the end of my marriage was made public, I deeply miss the life of invisibility I created for myself as a psychologist specializing in women's mental health," she explained, revealing that she has eschewed social media for years — but was thrust into the spotlight in June 2023, when Slater, her high school sweetheart, filed for divorce one month before their son's 1st birthday. He and Grande, 31, went public with their romance that same month, after having met on the set of the film in December 2022. (The "Thank U Next" singer, for her part, publicly split from ex-husband Dalton Gomez in July 2023, though reports stated that the two actually called it quits several months prior.)
While Jay was not part of the social media world, Slater had no choice but to be, given his profession — first as a Broadway star (originating the role of Spongebob Squarepants) and then as a movie star in Wicked.
"My partner was on a different path, in which social media and exposure were not impediments but rather necessities," Jay explained, noting that the decision of how to share their lives on social "was a tenuous balance."
The "growing distance" between her and Slater grew more pronounced when the family moved to England for him to film Wicked in late 2022.
"I confidently moved to another country with my 2-month-old baby and my husband to support his career," Jay wrote. "Consumed by the magic and mundanity of new motherhood, I didn't understand the growing distance between us."
Though she and Slater co-parent copacetically — "both of us fiercely love our son 100 percent of the time," she noted — living in the shadow of Wicked is difficult.
"Days with my son are sunny," Jay penned. "Days when I can't escape the promotion of a movie associated with the saddest days of my life are darker."
While this is the most Jay has discussed her and Slater's divorce — and his romance with Grande — at length, she previously dissed Grande in a July 2023 remark.
"[Ariana's] the story, really. Not a girl's girl," she told Page Six at the time. "My family is just collateral damage."
Michelle is a Newsweek editor based in the New York metro area. Her focus is reporting on celebrity and entertainment news. She has in-depth knowledge of pop music and fandom. Michelle joined Newsweek in 2024 after editorial positions at Us Weekly, iHeartRadio and more. She is a cum laude graduate of Drew University. You can get in touch with Michelle by emailing mmcgahan@newsweek.com. You can find her on X @MichelleMcGahan. Languages: English.
Michelle is a Newsweek editor based in the New York metro area. Her focus is reporting on celebrity and entertainment news. She has in-depth knowledge of pop music and fandom. Michelle joined Newsweek in 2024 after editorial positions at Us Weekly, iHeartRadio and more. She is a cum laude graduate of Drew University. You can get in touch with Michelle by emailing mmcgahan@newsweek.com. You can find her on X @MichelleMcGahan. Languages: English.
Michelle is a Newsweek editor based in the New York metro area. Her focus is reporting on celebrity and entertainment                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC