Lily Allen attends Netflix’s “Stranger Things” season 4 premiere at Netflix Brooklyn on May 14, 2022 in Brooklyn, New York.
Lily Allen is the latest celebrity who has joined OnlyFans. The singer, who is best known for her early 2000 tracks "Smile" and "F--- You," was toying with the idea for a few weeks before making it official.
<em>(Photo by Nicky J Sims/Getty Images for Live Nation)</em>
Two weeks ago, the British singer, 39, admitted that she was considering starting an OnlyFans after being told that she could make “a lot of money” from selling pictures of her feet. The mother of two discussed her possible new venture with her best friend, Miquita Oliver, on their podcast Miss Me?, where she revealed that she had an impressive five-star rating on Wikifeet. The page is dedicated to "the collaborative celebrity feet website."
Other celebrities who are the most popular with 5-star ratings of "gorgeous feet" on the site are Megan Fox, Emma Watson, Selena Gomez, Kylie Minogue, Katy Perry, Jennifer Aniston, Ariana Grande, Margot Robbie, Victoria Justice, Emma Stone, Scarlett Johansson, and Jessica Alba. Other five-star foot ratings have "nice feet" and "beautiful feet" as descriptors.
Speaking to Miquita, Lily said on the “kink”-themed episode: “I have been posting stuff on my Instagram because we’ve been working and doing photoshoots and stuff, and there’s been a few instances where my feet have been out, and I’ve been getting quite a lot of messages from people asking me for foot content for money." She added at the time, "I’m not there yet, but you know, I’m also not saying no."
Lily then proudly showed off her Wikifeet rating she learned from her manicurist. She said, “I have five stars on Wikifeet, which is quite rare. My feet are rated quite highly on the internet." She added that her manicurist suggested she could make a lot of money selling foot content on OnlyFans, but Lily initially declined. Obviously she has since changed her mind.
Miquita then asked if she would leave their podcast to just do content for OnlyFans, to which Lily bluntly replied, "Yeah."
Fans had mixed reactions about her feet, with one person writing, "Me wishing Lily would release music. Lily realisimg foot content:" Another hilariously commented, "This is definitely a toe curling podcast." A third, curious fan wrote: "I can't say I've heard of wiki feet before this but I just googled Lily Allen wikifeet. I then spent the next 10 minutes looking at her feet [laughing emoji]. I then deleted my history as it felt weird."
Since then, Lily has launched an OnlyFans account, charging people $10 a month to view her exclusive feet content.  At the time of writing, Lily has seven posts live on her site that are a combination of pictures and videos. While her content is hidden from non-subscribers, her captions aren't. In her first post, her caption teases: "just bought these at the airport. Will take them off later [tongue out winking emoji."
Other captions include “summer pedicure,” “sole trader,” and “La Dolce Feeta!” The amount of subscribers an OnlyFans creator has is not visible to the public, but Lily’s account has over 500 likes.
The experts at luxury sex toy brand LELO did some digging to find out which big-name stars are making money the most money on OnlyFans. The 18+ content subscription service based in London is used primarily by sex workers who produce adult content, but it also hosts the work of other content creators, such as physical fitness experts, comedians, professional athletes, and musicians. OnlyFans charges creators a fee of twenty percent of all fan payments made. The remaining eighty percent is payable to the creators, called "Creator Earnings." According to their site, the fee includes the "costs of providing, maintaining and operating OnlyFans and storing your Content."
Celebrities have come and gone on OnlyFans. Just last year, Motley Crue drummer Tommy Lee launched his OnlyFans, charging fans $19.99 a month for access to "THAT D---!!!!" As we previously reported, the rocker shared a random nude photo to his social media channels prior to his Only Fans dropping. A few months prior to that, Baywatch alum Carmen Electra launched her OnlyFans. She said the subscription-based platform hosts some of her most exciting work to date. "It’s intense and very empowering. It’s so self-empowering," Electra said. "And creatively, I’ve always had so many fun and creative ideas, and there’s been times when I’ve been able to follow through with those with different projects I’m working on." She has two pages, creating a secondary account exclusively for VIPs. One of the most recent celebrities to have joined OnlyFans is Charlie Sheen and Denise Richards' daughter, Sami Sheen. The 19-year-old shared over the summer, “I’m a sex worker." She also revealed she plans to get a breast augmentation and will continue to censor her nipples on OnlyFans until that is complete.
Factors that LELO looked into include: How much each celebrity has earned, the monthly fees they charge, and the frequency of online searches.
See below the top 10 celebrity earners on OnlyFans:
Kicking off the top 10 most-earned by celebrities on OnlyFans are the duo DJ Khaled and Fat Joe. While they offer a free subscription, their earnings are close to $4 million! The stars aim to guide fans to “the light” while sharing uplifting insights and behind-the-scenes of their personal lives.
Austin Mahone places ninth with $5 million in earnings on OnlyFans, which also offers a free subscription. The 27-year-old pop singer-songwriter has a VIP program that includes free conversations, future postings, custom content requests, and Zoom calls to people who tip him $100.
Chris Brown is ranked eighth with $15 million in total earnings since he created an OnlyFans account in 2020. The "Look At Me Now" artist announced he would charge $20 monthly for subscription-only content but ultimately deleted his account. Fans who subscribed to his account saw that Brown previewed unreleased music.
In the seventh spot is Pia Mia, who earned $18 million. Offering a free subscription, the "Do It Again" singer posted her never-seen-before pictures, videos, and some private content on OnlyFans before she deleted the account.
Tyga ranks sixth with a total earning of $20 million and a monthly subscription fee of $20. The "Freaky Deaky" rapper set up his OnlyFans account after one of his private photos was leaked and went viral, but eventually deleted it to launch Myystar after the platform announced in 2021 that it would no longer host sexually explicit content.
Amber Rose is rounding out the top five top celebrity earners, with a total revenue of $26 million. The model and rapper teased fans with booty-centric Instagram clips. She promised they would "see EVERYTHING" for a $9 monthly subscription fee on OnlyFans.
Bella Thorne is in fourth place, with a total earnings of $32 million. The former Disney star offered a free subscription plan. She earned a record-breaking $1 million within just 24 hours of joining OnlyFans.
Blac Chyna rounds out the top three with total earnings of $35 million. The former stripper-turned-reality star charged $19.99 monthly for her subscription, which included special X-rated content and “Foot-Freek Mondays.” Her account also boasted 28,000 worldwide searches; however, she deactivated it her account in March.
Cardi B is in second, with $45 million in total earnings. The hip-hop artist offered her content for a monthly subscription fee of $4.99. Cardi B's OnlyFans account is still one of the most sought-after on the platform, with 28,000 worldwide searches. In her 2020 announcement of launching the account, the "Bongos" rapper said she would be posting behind-the-scenes footage and her "day to day content," no explicit images, but a place "for only me and my fans."
Taking the top spot in celebrity earners on OnlyFans is Australian rapper Iggy Azalea. The "Fancy" rapper comes in first with a total earning of $48 million. She charges a $25 monthly subscription fee for access to her content. In addition to her revenue, her account receives much attention, with 127,000 worldwide searches.
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!