Manage your account
A high school cheerleader described as a “ray of sunshine” was killed in a New Year’s car crash, her family said.
Blakeleigh Weems, 17, was a senior at Walker High School in Louisiana. Her family told Unfiltered with Kiran that she had recently been accepted to Louisiana State University and wanted to study marketing and law.
“My heart is shattered,” one person wrote on Facebook. “You were incredibly smart, beautiful inside and out, and so talented. You lit up every room you entered and left a mark on everyone you met.”
Local cheerleading gym Geaux Sharp Athletics announced it will host a stunt and tumbling event in Weems’ honor, with all proceeds going toward her family.
Weems cheered at Walker High School and was involved with digital media there. Her friends and family described her as a lifelong singer who loved Disney. 
“To see how many people that loved you is truly beautiful, you touched lives when you probably didn’t realize,” a friend wrote on Instagram in a tribute to Weems. “It feels like yesterday we were at your house putting on performances to Ariana Grande.”
Weems’ teachers said on Facebook she was “an absolute joy to interact with every day” and was always compassionate toward others.
“We are deeply saddened by the loss of one of our students,” the school said in a statement shared with McClatchy News. “We extend our sympathies to the family and all who are part of the WHS community. We ask that everyone please join us in prayer at this difficult time.”
Counselors will be available to speak with students when they return to school Jan 5.
McClatchy News could not immediately reach the Denham Springs Police Department on Jan 2.
Walker is in Livingston Parish, about 80 miles northwest of New Orleans.
Video of girl dancing got scholarship recommendation pulled. Now, principal apologizes
Teacher of the Year killed in crash with out-of-control car, Georgia troopers say
Beloved firefighter among 2 killed when gunman fires on pickup truck, Indiana cops say
Driver flees crash and runs stop sign, killing dad and 5-year-old, California cops say