Let Retail Dive's free newsletter keep you informed, straight from your inbox.
                    
                
            
The brand this week began selling in over a dozen countries through its partnership with Sephora.
After expanding to the U.K., Haus Labs by Lady Gaga is going all in on Europe — aiming for a share of its lucrative cosmetics market.
The Grammy and Oscar winner is founder of the brand that boasts innovation — including its triclone skin tech foundation — and clean makeup that’s cruelty-free and vegan, according to the company.
In the new geographies Haus Labs will offer its full assortment — 125 products with innovative cutting-edge skin care technologies across nine key categories in color and complexion, the company said in its announcement Tuesday.
A report by EuroDev has the Europe cosmetics market size estimated at nearly $61 billion in 2023, and is expected to grow at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 2.06 % annually between 2023-2027.
“Europe is a critical milestone for Haus Labs By Lady Gaga,” Ben Jones, CEO of Haus Labs by Lady Gaga, said in a statement. “We are honored to be exclusive with the global retail powerhouse, Sephora.”
Haus Laboratories first launched exclusively on Amazon in 2019 on the e-commerce platform's Prime Day. The company in 2022 rebranded itself to Haus Labs by Lady Gaga. The brand announced it would sell exclusively at Sephora and on its own website.
This latest expansion adds a dozen countries to Haus Labs distribution: The brand is now available via Sephora in 15 countries globally, including the U.S., Canada and England, according to a company spokesperson.
Sylvie Moreau, president of Sephora Europe and the Middle East, said Sephora’s partnership with Haus Labs is a natural extension.
“At Sephora, we are constantly looking for innovative brands to bring to our customers,” Moreau said in a statement. “We are confident they will be thrilled to discover the creative and inspiring world of Haus Labs by Lady Gaga and thrilled to experience the brand’s game-changing formulas.”
Lady Gaga is among a growing list of female entertainers that have launched beauty brands. Others include Rihanna, who started Fenty Beauty, Selena Gomez (Rare Beauty), Jennifer Lopez (JLo Beauty) and Ariana Grande (r.e.m Beauty). Last month, multi-Grammy winner Beyonce’ launched her new haircare brand Cécred.
Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts
The industry may be far from the dramatic day-to-day struggles of 2020, but it hasn’t yet escaped the long tail the global health crisis left in its wake.
Since December, retailers including Party City, The Container Store and Joann have all filed for Chapter 11.
Subscribe to Retail Dive for top news, trends & analysis
Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts
The industry may be far from the dramatic day-to-day struggles of 2020, but it hasn’t yet escaped the long tail the global health crisis left in its wake.
Since December, retailers including Party City, The Container Store and Joann have all filed for Chapter 11.
The free newsletter covering the top industry headlines