Singer Ariana Grande made a surprise appearance at the Met Gala as she took to the stage to perform some of her greatest hits.
The 30-year-old performed for attendees of the Met Gala as she gave a whistle stop tour of her greatest hits including singing Disney’s “Once Upon a Dream,” before then singing five of her own songs “Into You,” “Seven Rings,” “The Boy Is Mine,” “We Can’t Be Friends,” and “Yes, And”, before she finished off with a cover of “When You Believe” with her Wicked co-star Cynthia Erivo.
Ariana initially wore an elegant white Loewe dress with a pleated skirt on the red carpet, complete with ethereal style makeup giving a nod to her Good Witch character from Wicked. However she later changed to give her musical performance and donned a sheer green bespoke Maison Margiela Artisanal outfit by John Galliano for the performance.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Met Gala 2024: All the celebrities who didn't show up from Rihanna to Blake Lively
Ariana's final number from the 1998 Prince of Egypt hit was performed alongside her Wicked co-star Cynthia Erivo, with the pair having stiff competition as the original hit was performed by Mariah Carey and Whitney Houston. The pair are set to appear alongside each other in the forthcoming film about the musical Wicked, which will be released in November this year as a part one with a second instalment coming next year.
While celebs and other guests remain banned from using their mobile phones at the showbiz event of the year, a clip showing the surprise performance was released by Vogue, giving fans that elusive look into what goes on inside the iconic event. There are strict rules in place for this lucky enough to be in attendance, including a strict no selfies demand.
While the glitz and glamour of the event is showcased around the world, including on the social media accounts of the stars, an actual selfie ban from inside the event was reportedly introduced in 2015 to stop attendees spending the majority of the bash on their phones.
The latest images, however, show the A-list party goers having a ball in New York City. Among them, Ed Sheeran is seen planting a kiss on wife Cherry Seaborn.
Elsewhere, the hitmaker was later snapped having an intimate embrace with Chris Hemsworth.
Jimmy Fallon was also seen playing around with the orchestra. The dramatic transformation of the Metropolitan Museum of Art was also evident in the shots. Barry Keoghan and Sabrina Carpenter also appeared the happy couple as they took to the carpet together.
When it comes to the actual event, while there is food available, there are always a number of items banned from the menu. This includes chives, onion and garlic, all of which have been struck off the menu by Anna Wintour due to them causing bad breath.
Vogue's editor in chief told Jenna Bush Hager: "Well those are three things I'm not particularly fond of, so yes, that's true."
And regarding the outfits on show, the whole world lies in wait to see what the celebrities can serve up. This year didn't disappoint, with a number of stars opting to switch their costumes midway through the night. Zendaya stole the show as she served two incredible outfits for this year's mystical 'Garden of Time' dress code.
Zendaya, who was chosen as this year's co-chair of the Met Gala, looked glamorous as she initially stepped out in a flattering peacock-inspired, sparkling, off-the-shoulder gown for the occasion. The starlet then stunned again as she reappeared on the red carpet in a vintage Givenchy couture gown by John Galliano from 1996, which happens to be the year that she was born.
The party continued after the event too, with the famous faces holding a number of after parties. Among them was Cardi B's Met Ball After Party, which was held at nightclub Silencio in New York.
While 2024 Super Bowl halftime performer Usher also hosted an after-party at The Times Square Edition, Cardi's offering made history as she became the first female rapper to ever host one of the event's glitzy parties.
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok , Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.