Today's Digital Daily	
			



	
			Today's Digital Daily	
			

Erivo paid tribute to her "Wicked" character once again with her latest look.  

	If you purchase an independently reviewed product or service through a link on our website, WWD may receive an affiliate commission.

	Cynthia Erivo has been paying tribute to her “Wicked” character Elphaba all press tour long, and her recent appearance on “Late Night With Seth Meyers” was no exception. 

	When Erivo stopped by the talk show, she did so with a nod to Elphaba in a green floor-length knitted coat by Jean Paul Gaultier. For the occasion, Erivo opted for a full look from the designer’s fall 2007 collection, consisting of the coat and a sequin minidress underneath. Erivo paired the coat and dress with Christian Louboutin’s hot chick pumps in white patent leather. Erivo was styled by Jason Bolden for the appearance. 

	“This all sprung from a fan’s DM,” Bolden exclusively told WWD of the look. “Cynthia and I thought how fun it could be to bring her fan’s fashion dream to life, effortlessly turning the extravagant into everyday chic on a late-night stage.”

	










			You May Also Like		







	
			Related Articles	
	













	Fashion Scoops
	



	
			'RuPaul's Drag Race': Michelle Visage and Carson Kressley Reflect on the Show's Fashion Evolution Ahead of 'All Stars' 10 Premiere	
			













	Fashion Scoops
	



	
			A Look Back at Anna Nicole Smith's Kentucky Derby Style That Lives On Through Her Daughter Dannielynn Birkhead	
			








	Yesterday Erivo channeled her “Wicked” character with another green look. The actress wore a sweeping green gown by Louis Vuitton to attend the opening celebration of the brand’s 57th Street store. “It’s just beautiful,” Erivo said of the space, adding, “All the new pieces and some vintage piece that we now know are coming back — I’m excited.”

	Erivo made an appearance at the event before an outfit change for the NYC premiere of “Wicked.” For this premiere, Cynthia Erivo wore a custom gown courtesy of Christian Dior, styled by Bolden. 

	Meanwhile, for the Los Angeles premiere of “Wicked,” Erivo opted to wear Louis Vuitton. She wore a green gown with cutouts at the front and sides and paired it with a floor-length fringe wrap, a diamond and emerald collar necklace, layered diamond earrings and rings, and gem stone-topped nail art.  

	Erivo’s “Wicked” press tour looks began at the beginning of the year, at the 2024 Oscars, when she wore a sculptural green leather Louis Vuitton gown to present the awards for Best Original Song and Best Original Score alongside her co-star Ariana Grande, who appeared in a Glinda-nodding pink Giambattista Valli gown, Jimmy Choo’s Romy pumps, and jewels from Tiffany & Co.

	Outside of the pair’s plentiful “Wicked” press tour looks, the film adaptation of the Tony-winning Broadway musical has intersected with the fashion world through a handful of collaborations, ranging from fashion and accessories capsules to beauty, footwear, accessories and more lifestyle goods. 

	“Wicked” hits theaters next Friday, Nov. 22. 
Sign up for WWD news straight to your inbox every day
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
WWD and Women's Wear Daily are part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All Rights Reserved.