The release features her previously remixed Brat songs, alongside new contributions from Ariana Grande, Tinashe and others. 

													By
												

	Stephen Daw

Pride Editor

	For everyone who thought the season of Brat ended with the summertime, Charli XCX would like you to think again. 

	On Friday (Oct. 11), Charli unveiled her long-awaited remix album, Brat and It’s Completely Different But Also Still Brat. Revamping all 15 songs from the original album (and one additional song from its deluxe version Brat and It’s the Same But There’s Three More Songs So It’s Not) the pop singer teams up with an all-star guest list of fellow pop luminaries to create a completely different (but also still Brat) sound. 

	Some of the guests and their respective songs have already been released, including Billie Eilish (“Guess”), Lorde (“Girl, So Confusing”) and Troye Sivan (“Talk Talk”). As for the remaining guests, Charli revealed her newest set of collaborators using a series of billboards around the U.S., before she ultimately unveiled the entire tracklist earlier this week, including Ariana Grande (“Sympathy Is a Knife”), Tinashe (“B2b”), Caroline Polachek (“Everything is Romantic”) and The 1975 (“I Might Say Something Stupid”).

	










	In a recent interview with Apple Music’s Zane Lowe, Charli revealed that the album’s minimalist, lime-green branding was born out of a place of fear that the album wouldn’t perform well. “The actual first idea of doing a text cover came from was to save money. I was like, ‘This album is not going to appeal to a lot of people,'” she explained. “I was like, ‘I think I will do a press shoot and then maybe we just save on the album cover.'”




			Trending on Billboard		






	Stream Charli XCX’s Brat and It’s Completely Different But Also Still Brat below.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.