We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
"Ariana said, 'I want to be Glinda, not Ariana Grande playing Glinda'."
Wicked composer Stephen Schwartz has revealed that Ariana Grande refused to make a suggested change to a classic song.
The movie version of the hit musical has just hit cinema screens, showcasing iconic tunes such as 'Defying Gravity' and 'Popular'.
In a new piece on bringing the latter number to life in the film, Schwartz explained they considered adding a "hip-hop" flavour to 'Popular' – though Grande wasn't as keen.
Related: Best movie box sets to buy
"In the spirit of being open to new things for the movie, my music team and I thought, let’s refresh the rhythm. Let’s, maybe, I don’t know, hip-hop it up a little bit," he recalled to the Los Angeles Times.
"Ariana said, 'Absolutely not, don’t do it. I want to be Glinda, not Ariana Grande playing Glinda'," Schwartz added.
Winnie Holzman, who co-wrote the screenplay and the musical's original book, went on to praise Grande's version of Glinda.
Related: Wicked rights a long-standing wrong of the musical
"It really feels like a girl just having fun," she said. "I think part of it is how much this character has meant to her, and this feeling that it’s not just another job, it’s not just a movie. This is a moment when she’s stepping into her destiny."
Producer Marc Platt added: "She was crying after we finished filming ['Popular'] because she was so happy. If you look closely when she’s dancing around that hallway, you can really see the genuine joy on her face and it’s glorious. Really, it’s perfect."
Since its release last week, Wicked – which forms the first chapter in a two-movie series – has become a box office hit. It earned the biggest movie opening for an adaptation of a Broadway show in the US and internationally after taking $164.2 million in its opening weekend.
Wicked is out now in cinemas.
Sam is a freelance reporter and sub-editor who has a particular interest in movies, TV and music. After completing a journalism Masters at City University, London, Sam joined Digital Spy as a reporter, and has also freelanced for publications such as NME and Screen International.  Sam, who also has a degree in Film, can wax lyrical about everything from Lord of the Rings to Love Is Blind, and is equally in his element crossing every 't' and dotting every 'i' as a sub-editor.
Cynthia Erivo signs on to new Wicked project
Wicked star details "healthy" change in sequel
Wicked fans demand For Good trailer after teaser
Wicked's Cynthia Erivo explains "insane" roles
When is Wicked 2 coming out?
Wicked's Cynthia Erivo lands next movie role
Cynthia Erivo & Ariana Grande open the Oscars
Wicked fans "screaming" over exciting cast reunion
Wicked finally confirms streaming release date
Wicked Dorothy rumour addressed by star
Is Wicked available to stream?
Lin-Manuel Miranda on why he wasn't cast in Wicked
DIGITAL SPY, PART OF THE HEARST UK ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK
We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England. All Rights Reserved.