Photo: Getty Images
Ariana Grande has big plans for the next 10 years of her career, and she says it will "scare the absolute s---" out of her fans.
The "We Can't Be Friends" singer appeared on the November 6 episode of the Las Culturistas podcast, hosted by comedian Matt Rogers and Saturday Night Live star Bowen Yang, where she revealed the "scary" plans for her next career move.
"I'm going to say something so scary," she said. "It's going to scare the absolute s--- out of my fans and everyone. I love them, and they will deal, and we will be here forever."
Grande said she sees herself pivoting from pop music to musical theater for the next several years, a passion that seemingly reignited after landing her dream role of Glinda in Wicked, the long-awaited movie adaptation of the beloved musical, out November 22. The Grammy winner got her start on Broadway when she was a teenager in the musical 13, and she wants to reconnect with that part of herself after so many years away, per the Huffington Post.
"I love musical theater, reconnecting with this part of myself who started in musical theater and who loves comedy," she said. "And it heals me to do that, finding roles to use these parts of myself and put them in little homes and characters and bits and voices and songs."
However, Grande also reassured fans that she still plans to make music like what she has released throughout her career, admitting that she will always be working on several things at once.
"I'm always going to make music. I'm always going to go on stage. I'm always going to do pop stuff, I pinky promise. But I don't think doing it at the rate that I've been doing for the past 10 years is where I see the next 10 years," she said, adding, "Art also is what feeds me — in whatever capacity it is. I'll always be doing and creating six different things at once. I don't see that going anywhere. I just see it shifting."
On Las Culturistas, Rogers and Yang "get into the hottest pop-culture moments of the day" and even hang out with special guests like Mandy Moore, Agatha All Along star Kathryn Hahn and pop icon Mariah Carey, to name a few. Check out more episodes of the Las Culturistas podcast at iHeart.com.