Living large and living life, Hollywood style. We’re rounding up the latest in celeb lifestyle news with POP TALK! Welcome to the celebrity life!
H O M E S
Rebel Wilson Selling Extra LA Property
Rebel Wilson is unloading one of her properties. The “Pitch Perfect” star is selling her picture-perfect Los Angeles abode that she utilized as an office. The 5-br 4.5-bath residence was purchased in 2016 for $2,950,000. It is now listed at $4.15M.
R E L A T I O N S H I P S 
DIVORCE: Sara Ramirez & Ryan Debolt
Sara Ramirez is making their separation from husband Ryan Debolt legal. The 48-year-old star has filed for divorce from Ryan three years after announcing that they had split. The former couple revealed that they were going their separate ways back in 2021. 
PDA ALERT: Joe Jonas & Laila Abdallah
Potential new couple alert! Joe Jonas was photographed getting cozy with actress Laila Abdallah on the beach in Greece. The pair were spotted hugging and looking very affectionate with each other, sparking romance speculations. 
PARENTHOOD: Aly Michalka & Stephen Ringer
Aly Michalka is a mom! The 35-year-old singer and actress and her husband Stephen Ringer revealed that they welcomed their first child together back in April. Their little one, a baby boy, was born via a home birth at their residence in Santa Barbara. 
M U S I C
S O C I A L S 
S P O T T E D
By: Michelle |
June 14, 2024

in ENTERTAINMENT, FASHION, Featured Post, GOSSIP, LIFESTYLE, MOVIES, MUSIC, TV  
Popstar! Magazine brings you the latest in celebrity, entertainment and lifestyle news from around the world. Now in our 21st year, we continue to set the standard in the ever evolving field of millennial entertainment. We pride ourselves on being your number one source for accurate information about the topics you care about, including entertainment, beauty, fashion, health, wellbeing and news. Popstar! provides high quality videos for you to binge watch and we now offer a completely free digital bonus magazine that goes in depth to provide exclusive celebrity stories that you won’t find anywhere else. Popstar’s radio station provides you with tomorrow’s pop, rock and hip-hop hits, today. Streaming music and talk radio 24/7!
Connect with Popstar! on social media to stay up to date with all of the latest news and share your feedback. We would love to hear from you!