By 

	Althea Legaspi


	There is a lot going on in the new trailer for Jennifer Lopez‘s This Is Me…Now: A Love Story. 

	In the trailer, the singer navigates a sex-addict anonymous-styled meeting after friends stage an intervention, citing her three marriages as a red flag. She also dances, sings, reflects on childhood, and appears in mythological settings in the span of less than three minutes.

	“I learned the hard way — not all love stories have a happy ending,” Lopez says in a voiceover in the arresting visual, featuring musical-type dance numbers interwoven with narrative storytelling and fantastical elements. “Whenever someone asked me what I wanted to be when I grow up, the answer was always: in love.”

	Directed by Dave Meyers (who directed videos by Ariana Grande — “No Tears Left to Cry,” “ME!” by Taylor Swift, “Adore You” by Harry Styles, “Shirt” by SZA, and “HUMBLE.” by Kendrick Lamar, among others), the film arrives on Prime Video on Feb. 16. The press release teases that “this genre-bending Amazon original showcases her journey to love through her own eyes,” implying that at least some of the story, which Lopez wrote alongside Matt Walton (with a story by Lopez, Meyers, and Chris Shafer), is based on personal experiences.

	











	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Walton Goggins Shuts Down Interview Over Aimee Lou Wood Questions		
	









	
	
		
					Piper Rockelle Has a Lot to Say About That Netflix Documentary		
	








This Is Me…Now: A Love Story features an all-star cast, including Fat Joe, Trevor Noah, Kim Petras, Post Malone, Keke Palmer, Sofia Vergara, Jenifer Lewis, Jay Shetty, Neil deGrasse Tyson, Sadhguru, Tony Bellissimo, Derek Hough, Trevor Jackson, Paul Raci, Bella Gagliano, Brandon Delsid, Ashley Versher, Malcolm Kelner, Alix Angelis, Danielle Larracuente, Matthew Law and Ben Affleck.

	The companion album, This Is Me…Now, will also be released on the same day the film drops on Feb. 16. Lopez shared the album’s first single, “Can’t Get Enough,” along with its video earlier this month. It includes wedding scenes from the film.
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.