On the new Billboard Pop Shop Podcast, Katie & Keith talk about being inside Justin Timberlake's concert for the unannounced reunion & what might be next.

*NSYNC fans got what they’d been begging for last week, when the blockbuster boy band reunited at Justin Timberlake‘s one-night-only show at The Wiltern in Los Angeles to play snippets of four of their hits and perform their new song “Paradise” for the very first time. So now that we’ve seen the quintet back together — following their 2002 hiatus and their last performance at the 2013 MTV VMAs — what’s next?

	On the Billboard Pop Shop Podcast, Katie & Keith are talking all about the pleasant surprise of the reunion and what it could possibly lead to, from the band getting back together on Timberlake’s upcoming tour, to more new music, to their own stadium trek. (We can dream!) Plus, Katie was inside The Wiltern when it all went down, and she takes you inside the intimate venue for the history-making concert.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	Listen below:

	Also on the show, we’ve got chart news on how Ariana Grande debuts at No. 1 on both the Billboard 200 albums chart with Eternal Sunshine and on the Billboard Hot 100 songs chart with “We Can’t Be Friends (Wait for Your Love).” Plus, a dozen songs from the album are on the Hot 100, including the set’s lone track to feature another performer — who just so happens to be Grande’s 98-year-old grandmother, Marjorie “Nonna” Grande.

The Billboard Pop Shop Podcast is your one-stop shop for all things pop on Billboard‘s weekly charts. You can always count on a lively discussion about the latest pop news, fun chart stats and stories, new music, and guest interviews with music stars and folks from the world of pop. Casual pop fans and chart junkies can hear Billboard‘s executive digital director, West Coast, Katie Atkinson and Billboard’s managing director, charts and data operations, Keith Caulfield every week on the podcast, which can be streamed on Billboard.com or downloaded in Apple Podcasts or your favorite podcast provider. (Click here to listen to the previous edition of the show on Billboard.com.)
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.