The pop star posted an Instagram story advertising ‘la dolce feeta’ – and is charging fans $10 a month for the honour
Claire, I respect the foot guy community but I am not one of them. Why am I seeing pictures of Lily Allen’s feet?
OK, so this was news I really wasn’t expecting to explain this week, but yes: Lily Allen has become a sole trader. And by that I mean she has joined OnlyFans to offer exclusive pics and videos of her feet.
The headlines began on Tuesday night after the star shared an Instagram story of her innocuous twinkling toes resting beside the Trevi fountain with a link labelled “La dolce feeta”, taking followers direct to her OnlyFans account – with the username Lily Allen FTSE500.
OnlyFans is a mostly pornographic subscriber platform, but it seems for just US$10 a month Allen stans or the foot guy community will have complete access to her US size six content.
There has to be more to the story.
Allen came up with the kicker idea during an episode of her Miss Me? podcast. Speaking to her co-host Miquita Oliver, she shared her five-star rating on WikiFeet – basically a photo-sharing foot-fetish website devoted to showcasing celebrities’ feet (yes, I know this story just keeps getting better).
It was actually Allen’s nail technician who first told the singer that her toes were nice and cute enough to make a decent chunk of cash online. Allen’s response? “Not no.”
I would trust my nail tech with my life, I get it. So how many thirsty dogs exactly are thirsting after Allen’s dogs?
Allen’s five-star scoring on WikiFeet means she is in the category of “beautiful feet”, with more than 2,000 votes from users – which is respectfully high. If we compare her votes to our girl Margot Robbie though (who has five-star “gorgeous feet”), Robbie takes the lead with more than 8,000 total votes.
For a bit of fun (since this is the only chance I will likely get to share the info I found while researching this story), Emma Watson, Ariana Grande and Ana de Armas are some of the highest-rated celebs on the platform; the latter snapped up the coveted title of “feet of the year”.
Margot Robbie! Finally, something Australia can be proud of. So how much money could Lily Allen make from her new venture?
If everyone who voted for Allen’s feet subscribed to her OnlyFans, she would make roughly $20,000 a month or $240,000 a year – which is truly wild, and honestly enough money to make me question my current employment (I am a very important journalist). I mean most celebs take up side hustles with signature perfumes or makeup, for instance; Allen herself already has a podcast, newish acting career and that Brooklyn townhouse she shares with the Stranger Things actor David Harbour, which recently got the Arch Digest tour treatment. So yeah look, it’s unlikely she actually needs the money, meaning this foot business is almost certainly a stunt. But even so, I kinda love this for Allen.
And, uh, asking for a friend – have there been any other celebrities at this level to join OnlyFans? Is this just the done thing now?
You might remember from a few years back when Bella Thorne made headlines for joining OnlyFans; there was backlash from sex workers who blamed the actor for changes the adult website made after she joined, including getting paid monthly instead of weekly. This hasn’t deterred others. The Australian rapper Iggy Azalea joined OnlyFans in 2023, and Cardi B, who was a stripper before becoming one of the most successful female rappers of her generation, has a huge following on there as well.
OK, thanks for going toe-to-toe with me on this (sorry).