Every item on this page was chosen by an ELLE editor. We may earn commission on some of the items you choose to buy.
What a glorious month for music. Not only have we welcomed Beyoncé’s Cowboy Carter era, but also new albums from Ariana Grande, Kacey Musgraves, Tyla, Tierra Whack, and more. Willow Smith continues to show her range and Kendrick Lamar continues to prove he’s king. Not sure where to begin? Why not start with our list of favorites.
You can listen to all the picks on our Spotify playlist, too. (Want more music? Check out last month’s picks.) 
Subscribe to Apple Music
Subscribe to Amazon Music
“‘Hello, girls!’ Throughout the years, Beyoncé has loved a good call-and-response moment—and she makes great use of it in this Tina Turner-coded track. When she volleys between her lower register and deep growl to that Beach Boys ‘Good Vibrations’ interpolation… whew! I can’t wait to see her perform this live.”—Juliana Ukiomogbe, assistant editor
“Dear Ariana Grande: Since you’ve dropped Eternal Sunshine, I’ve cried to the music video for this sober dance-floor bop on three separate occasions; considered erasing a boy from my memory; and hit the play button 132 times, and counting. It has, in fact, changed my life and my perspective with its Robyn-esque beats, coming of age vibes, and hopelessly romantic lyrics. Thank you for making a song that is quintessentially me. Never stop. Love, Sam.”—Samuel Maude, associate editor
“WILLOW consistently delivers, and her latest release is more of what makes her so distinct: introspective lyrics, experimental production, and a slight rock tinge. If you’re someone who frequently goes on hot girl walks like I do, I recommend listening to this on your next stroll.”—JU
“‘The Architect’ is beautiful in its trickery: an easy guitar and sweet vocals give way to a song that examines destiny, self-determination, and the existence of God—all while featuring Kacey Musgraves’ ‘simple and somehow complex’ word play. It’s truly a stand-out.”—Madison Feller, digital deputy editor
“A Tyla and Tems collab? What a time to be alive! After Tyla’s mega hit ‘Water’ earned her viral status and a Grammy, she proved with her debut album that she’s no one hit wonder; she’s just getting started. On this track, her and Tems’ voices melt together as they sing about putting themselves first: ‘I gotta put me number 1, no compromising.’”—Erica Gonzales, senior culture editor
“I was ready for a Marías comeback. And, lo and behold, the first single off their next album arrived this month. María Zardoya’s light, airy vocals float over this funk-inspired track, and she jumps the octave in the chorus with ease. It’s an exciting preview for the duo’s next chapter.”—EG
“It’s well-documented that Olivia Rodrigo can write a cutting breakup song. But now, finally, we have our first Rodrigo love song, and turns out, those are winners, too. The good news is there’s surely more where this came from, because only a deeply smitten woman could put the line, ‘Oh God, I’m gonna marry him if he keeps this shit up,’ in a song.”—MF
“I was struck by ‘Desert Eagle’ because I was just like, Oh, we’re getting sexy now. This is ‘Partition’’s sister, in a way. I didn’t have any expectations for this album, but I knew that it’s Beyoncé, so we’re going to get sex. We’re going to get that sultriness that she always delivers, and ‘Desert Eagle’ was that for me.”—Nerisha Penrose, beauty commerce editor
“In this segmented track from his newest album, Djesse Vol. 4, Jacob Collier brings in an entire baseball team of collaborators (including the 100,000 voices recorded during the shows from his last tour) to survey a plethora of music genres. While you’re whisked away from feature to feature, it comes together as a cohesive thesis for his four-album Djesse project. We really are better as a collective than as individuals.”—SM
“There’s no one like Tierra Whack. After the Philly rapper turned heads with 2018’s Whack World, a stellar debut album full of minute-long songs, she continues to show her prowess on her new album World Wide Whack. It’s still goofy at times (‘Shower Song’) but also deeply introspective, where she lays her mental struggles bare. Like, on ‘Difficult,’ where she sings, ‘I act strong / But I’m weak cause / Living is difficult.’”—EG
“Now, I am not hearing nearly enough commotion for this song right here. That chorus? Mesmerizing. It is also great to hear a song about how similar Ari and I are. I, too, am ‘fucked up, anxious, too much,’ and also ‘messy, completely distressed.’”—Bri Rivera, assistant editor
“Whenever Babyrose sings, it feels like you’re transported back in time. The heartbreak she evokes in this single, however, is timely as ever. Produced by Canadian band BADBADNOTGOOD, the slow-burning ballad tugs at your heartstrings and doesn’t let go.”—EG
“Remi Wolf has carved out her own signature blend of funk, pop, jazz, and rock with her impressively versatile vocals. ‘Cinderella,’ her first single off her upcoming album Big Ideas, is all of that, with some ’70s disco influences and trumpet in the mix. That’s the thing about Remi; the sounds don’t seem like they’d work, but she makes sure they absolutely do.”—EG
“Bleachers wants you to be chaotic, or at least that’s what this track from their self-titled album is encouraging. ‘I’m so tired of having sеlf-respect / Let’s do somеthing I’ll regret,’ Jack Antonoff sings over his now-signature pulsating beats and energized synths. The frequent Taylor Swift collaborator and proud New Jersey-ian adds a saxophone solo to the bridge and a little Florence Welch, too, creating a standout moment on an otherwise expected album.”—SM
“When Ariana said, ‘This situationship has to end / But I just can’t refuse,’ I (unfortunately) felt that. The whole album has been on repeat since it dropped, but this song in particular just does something for me. Maybe it’s the relatable lyrics or the pretty melodies. Either way, this is sure to be on my ‘on-repeat’ playlist for weeks to come.”—JU
“Beyoncé demanding we dance? Okay queen, no need to say that twice. As an Irishman, this one hit close to home and was a clear standout on Cowboy Carter. Step dancing in the club, when?”—SM
“Doechii starts off this song saying, ‘Now I’m finna give y’all another hit,’ and she did not lie once. The rising star behind ‘Crazy’ and “What It Is” shows us her range on this collab with JT of City Girls. Sampling “Show Me Love,” and Ayesha Erotica’s ‘Spread that Puss,’ it’s got a pumping electronic energy reminiscent of Azealia Banks. The hook is scream-worthy, yet the bridge eases up with a silkier house feel not far from ‘Persuasive.’ More, please.”—EG
“What happens when the person both you and your friends thought would be the love of your life  moves on? You write a chill, easy, and somber coming-home-from-the-club track. At least, that’s what Kenya Grace, the South African-born and British-raised singer, did with the lead single off her album The After Taste. Get in the Uber and cry your way home, because sometimes, that’s exactly what you need.”—SM
“I knew FLO’s ‘Walk Like This’ would make it on my Strut playlist. (yes, I have one of those) from the first heel clomps. The British girl group is filling a Little Mix and Fifth Harmony hole in the music industry, showing that girl groups will always have a place in the cultural landscape.”—SM
“‘ghostin’ is my favorite song on thank u, next, so it’s no wonder ‘i wish i hated you’ is my favorite off of Eternal Sunshine. Clearly, I’m drawn to an emotional track, and damn, this one is powerful. Grande’s vocals are soft and pretty, as she teeters right on the edge of tears, and at one point, sniffles them away. More importantly, the lyrics are painfully relatable for anyone who’s been through a breakup in which the other person wasn’t in the wrong, they just weren’t right for you.”—MF
Beyoncé’s Cowboy Carter Tour Is a Family Affair
Benny Blanco Is the World’s Greatest Fiancé
The Best New Songs We Heard Last Month
Meet Your Favorite Artists’ Favorite Collaborators
Coco Jones on Her Debut Album
Everything to Know About Lorde’s New Album 
See Beyoncé's Full Cowboy Carter Tour Setlist
All of Beyoncé’s Cowboy Carter Tour Looks
How to Get Tickets to Beyoncé's Cowboy Carter Tour
Blue Ivy Joins Beyoncé on the Cowboy Carter Tour
Samara Joy Is Redefining Jazz Music
Lorde’s ‘What Was That’ Is Here
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.