After decades apart in the public eye, Brandy and Monica are together again. The R&B legends reunited for Ariana Grande’s latest single, a remix of her new song “The Boy is Mine,” which already has the internet going up and is sure to be one of the songs of the summer.
Grande dropped the news of the collaboration earlier this week, announcing a remix of the latest single from her “Eternal Sunshine” album. While a completely different track from Brandy and Monica’s original Grammy-winning hit of the same name, Grande was able to honor the two R&B hitmakers by including them in her music video and now on this remix. 
From the second it dropped at midnight on Friday, the song was trending on social media, with fans taking to X (formerly known as Twitter) to share their reactions to the collaboration. Fans of Brandy, Monica and Grande gushed over the vocals on the track specifically, praising the various riffs and runs provided by the queens.
The collaboration is special due to the storied tension between Brandy and Monica. Their long speculated beef has been covered for years, and while the two have come together for smaller projects and a VERZUZ in the past, this collaboration feels different — a true step forward for the two of them to mend fences and possibly form an even stronger bond.
Monica opened up to Entertainment Tonight on Friday about how Grande’s collaboration with them has shifted their relationship. “The process of the new collaboration did a lot of closing the gaps,” Monica told the outlet. “When you properly communicate, something — you can find not only the resolutions and solutions to problems — but sometimes you find that there weren’t ever problems, just consistent miscommunications.”
Admitting that the two hitmakers have spoken more to each other since the Ariana collaboration than they have in the “last two decades,” she added, “We recognized that the key was to keep other people out of our relationship, both business and personal, and let it be between she and I, and that has changed everything. It’s changed the trajectory of it in its totality.”
Check out the remix below: