Maria Sherman
Associated Press
Published: May 13, 2024 at 12:52 PM
Maria Sherman
Associated Press
NEW YORK – Donald Glover's musical project Childish Gambino has returned with a reimagined album and a new tour announcement.
Early Monday, Glover posted on X that “ATAVISTA” had hit streaming platforms — and that the record is actually “the finished version” of an album he released in 2020, “3.15.20.”
Recommended Videos
On March 15, 2020, a number of new Childish Gambino songs dropped on DonaldGloverPresents.com, but were quickly removed. A week later, “3.15.20” was officially released with guest appearances including Ariana Grande, 21 Savage and others. It, too, was eventually removed from streaming platforms.
Monday's full-length release includes two brand new tracks, “Atavista” and “Human Sacrifice," according to a press release. Young Nudy and Summer Walker have new guest spots on the album. 
To celebrate “Atavista,” Glover dropped a music video for “Little Foot Big Foot,” directed by Hiro Murai (his longtime collaborator also known for work on the television shows "Barry" and “Station Eleven”) and starring Quinta Brunson, Rob Bynes, Monyett Crump and others.
Glover has also announced “The New World Tour,” his first tour since 2019. His run begins on Aug. 11 in Oklahoma City and will hit many major North American cities before heading to Europe, the U.K., Australia and New Zealand. 
The tour ends on Feb. 11, 2025 in Perth, Australia. 
Openers include WILLOW ( Willow Smith's musical moniker) and Amaarae. Tickets go on sale Friday.
Copyright 2024 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed without permission.
Click here to take a moment and familiarize yourself with our Community Guidelines.
Recommended Videos
TV Listings
Email Newsletters
RSS Feeds
Contests and Rules
Contact Us
Careers at WJXT / WCWJ
Closed Captioning / Audio Description
WJXT Public File
WJXT EEO Report
WCWJ Public File
WCWJ EEO Report
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Do Not Sell My Info
FCC Applications
Cookie Preferences
If you need help with the Public File, call (904) 393-9801
At WJXT, we are committed to informing and delighting our audience. In our commitment to covering our communities with innovation and excellence, we incorporate Artificial Intelligence (AI) technologies to enhance our news gathering, reporting, and presentation processes. Read our article to see how we are using Artificial Intelligence.
Copyright © 2025 News4JAX.com is managed by Graham Digital and published by Graham Media Group, a division of Graham Holdings.