A money-saving mum has urged people to think twice when chucking empty packaging or second-hand items away and reveals five bizarre things that are up for sale online.
After Christmas you may be left with lots of packaging from presents and be in the mood for a big clear out ready for the year ahead. But be warned, you could be throwing money straight in the bin.
So says a money savvy mum who has shared five items she's seen being sold online, including empty packaging and perfume bottles. Money Mum took to her TikTok page to reveal the strange things people will buy straight from other people's bin pile.
She starts her video saying: "Money mum here - five things that you would normally throw that could make you dough," before showing the first item.
In it was an empty bottle of Creed aftershave, with the gift box it came in. It had been listed on eBay and had two bids up to £21 already. Next she showed an empty advent calendar from Boots No7 cosmetic range, which when filled would have been worth a pretty penny. However despite all the products being removed, someone still listed it on eBay for £15!
As if that wasn't odd enough, she then showed "your old slippers" with a grab of a size 5 pair of nude sliders that were described as "worn" and "satisfactory" and listed for a whopping great £25 on Vinted. There was even the toe that presumably slid in them included in the seller's picture for good measure.
Homes with children will no doubt have an annoying number of miscellaneous Lego bricks and pieces that have escaped from boxes and will never be reunited with their intended sets again. If your kids don't use them or play with them anymore, you could put them up for sale and gain yourself some space as well as dosh. Money mum showed a "used" 2kg box of assorted bricks that were up for £20.
Perfume is often gifted at Christmas so you may have some older bottles that you've finished, but be warned - they could be worth something. Before you toss them in the recycling, consider trying to sell them.
An empty bottle of Ariana Grande's perfume Ari was on Vinted for £15 and a White Company empty gift box and bag was selling for £2.50.So before you fill up those bin bags with 'rubbish' you might want to think again and spend a little time listing to see how much money for nothing you could make.
Have you sold anything strange online? Let us know in the comments below.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.