September 20, 2024

Feature
        
        
          » Lifestyle


    Featuring hits from the beloved series played by a local string quartet, this unique live multi-sensory musical experience will transform the the Great Aunt Stella Center with a captivating setting 
  

 click to enlarge      


    Charlotte, September 19 2024 - Netflix, Shondaland, and Fever have partnered to bring an exclusive Bridgerton Candlelight Concert, featuring hits from the beloved series, and it is coming to Charlotte. This unique live multi-sensory musical experience will light up the Great Aunt Stella Center with thousands of candles and a spectacular display of blossoms transporting guests to the Regency era in England. 
  

    With three seasons now streaming on Netflix, Bridgerton continues to enchant audiences worldwide, and this special event promises an unforgettable evening in a captivating setting. The setlist includes Billie Eilish's Bad Guy, thank u, next by Ariana Grande, Give Me Everything by Pitbull, Afrojack, Ne-Yo and Nayer, Cheap Thrills by Sia, and more performed by a local talented string quartet. 
  

    Sign up for the waitlist on Fever’s app or website (https://feverup.com/m/199040) and you’ll get exclusive pre-sale access to tickets, up to 24-hours before they go on sale. This exclusive Bridgerton experience will be hosted in selected cities worldwide with limited tickets available. Outstanding venues in London, Sydney, Paris, Berlin, Rome, São Paulo and more will be transformed into the most fashionable set of the season, enchanting diamond hearts worldwide.
  

    Candlelight Concerts are a series of original music concerts created by Fever aimed at democratizing the access to classical music. This innovative format represents a unique live musical experience through a varied offer of programs to meet all tastes, played by local musicians, in emblematic venues, with the space and performers illuminated by thousands of candles. Candlelight invites a broader audience that might have never considered a classical music concert before to connect with the most iconic pieces of the greatest composers and listen to the top hits of well-known artists in a different way.
  

    Candlelight: Best of Bridgerton on Strings
    Venue: Great Aunt Stella Center
    Dates and Times: to be announced soon
    Duration: 60 minutes 
    Sign up for the Waiting List at: https://feverup.com/m/199040


    For more information about the Candlelight Concerts, access here.


    Download general pictures of the experience here.


More Lifestyle »

Tags: Lifestyle

More than a hobby: Collecting things can be a great stress buster and mood booster


How Leadership Skills Make an Organization Successful


What Does 'Employer Liability' Mean?


More than a hobby: Collecting things can be a great stress buster and mood booster 


By Alan Watts


How Leadership Skills Make an Organization Successful 


By Alan Watts


What Does 'Employer Liability' Mean? 


By Alan Watts


    © 
 2019 Womack Digital, LLC
    Powered by Foundation