Pharma & Biotech
Sustainability
Cannabis
Battery Metals
Artificial Intelligence
The above has been published by Proactive Investors Limited (the "Company") on its website and is made available subject to the terms and conditions of use of its website (see T&C ).
                       All information used in the preparation of this communication has been compiled from publicly available sources that we believe to be reliable, however, we cannot, and do not, guarantee the accuracy or completeness of this communication.
                       This communication is intended for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer, recommendation, solicitation, inducement or an invitation by, or on behalf of, the Company or any affiliates to make any investments whatsoever. Opinions of and commentary by the authors reflect their current views, but not necessarily of the Company, its affiliates or any other third party. Services and/or products mentioned in this communication may not be suitable for all recipients and may not be...
Oliver has been writing about companies and markets since the early 2000s, cutting his teeth as a financial journalist at Growth Company Investor with a focusing on AIM companies and small caps, before a few years later becoming a section editor and then head of research. He joined Proactive after a couple of years freelancing, where he worked for the Financial Times Group, ITV, Press Association, Reuters sports desk, the London Olympic News Service, Rugby World Cup News Service, Gracenote... Read more
Proactive financial news and online broadcast teams provide fast, accessible, informative and actionable business and finance news content to a global investment audience. All our content is produced independently by our experienced and qualified teams of news journalists.
Proactive news team spans the world’s key finance and investing hubs with bureaus and studios in London, New York, Toronto, Vancouver, Sydney and Perth. 
We are experts in medium and small-cap markets, we also keep our community up to date with blue-chip companies, commodities and broader investment stories. This is content that excites and engages motivated private investors.
The team delivers news and unique insights across the market including but not confined to: biotech and pharma, mining and natural resources, battery metals, oil and gas, crypto and emerging digital and EV technologies.
Proactive has always been a forward looking and enthusiastic technology adopter.
Our human content creators are equipped with many decades of valuable expertise and experience. The team also has access to and use technologies to assist and enhance workflows.
Proactive will on occasion use automation and software tools, including generative AI. Nevertheless, all content published by Proactive is edited and authored by humans, in line with best practice in regard to content production and search engine optimisation.

Last updated: 16:01 07 Feb 2024 GMT, First published: 12:20 07 Feb 2024 GMT
  
Since the dispute between TikTok and Universal Music Group (EURONEXT:UMG) last week, many of the most popular songs on the social media platform have been removed.
These include songs from Taylor Swift and more than a third of the top 50 most popular songs, per the Billboard TikTok Top 50 chart.
UMG said TikTok, which is owned by China's ByteDance, said it was pulling the songs of all of its artists off the platform at the end of January after it failed to agree on fees and how musicians can be protected from the “harmful effects of AI". 
Its license agreement with TikTok expired on 31 January.
TikTok accused what is the world's largest record company of promoting a “false narrative” and said it was “sad and disappointing” that UMG “put their own greed above the interests of their artists and songwriters.” 
Billboard said at least 17 tracks out of the top 50 are no longer available for use on the app after said TikTok had refused to pay “fair value for the music”.
Top songs removed include those from a resurgent Sophie Ellis-Bextor, Muni Long, Drake (pictured above), Lana Del Rey, Ariana Grande and Nicki Minaj.
Following the move by UMG, vocal support has been offered by the National Music Publishers Association, and music publishers and rights holders Primary Wave and Downtown Music, which both applauded the stand against TikTok and the call for fair compensation.
Hipgnosis Songs Fund Limited (LSE:SONG) founder Merck Mercuriadis said although TikTok was a powerful force in the music industry now, including sparking a resurgence for the fund's Fleetwood Mac rights, UMG has "done the right thing here, from the perspective of making sure that the ‘900 pound gorilla’ of our business is setting a tone that is not only in the best interest of music rights-owners, but songwriters specifically". 
The removal of many of TikTok users' favourite tracks to play in the background of their posts, such as Shaggy’s “Hey Sexy Lady” for fans of Mandalorian actor Pedro Pascal, is "ruining viral trends", according to one tongue-in-cheek report this week, though Swifties have been coping by finding work-around solutions.
Could a backlash force the Chinese company to back down and pay improved terms, or will anxious musicians force UMG boss Sir Lucian Grainge back to the negotiating table? 
Sign up to receive alerts and news direct to your inbox
Ilika PLC (AIM:IKA, OTCQX:ILIKF) says its P1 Goliath solid-state battery prototypes passed key tests with carmakers and suppliers. CEO Graeme Purdy said the company’s now validating bigger 10Ah versions in-house.

Seeing Machines Ltd (AIM:SEE, OTC:SEEMF) says its tech is now in over 3 million...
© Proactive Group Holdings Inc, 2025
Proactive Investors Limited, trading as “Proactiveinvestors United Kingdom” is registered in England with the Company Registration number 05639690. Group VAT registration number 872070825. You can contact us here.
Market Indices, Commodities and Regulatory News Headlines copyright © Morningstar. Data delayed 15 minutes unless otherwise indicated. Terms of use.