And the Billboard Pop Shop Podcast was there! In the new episode, Katie talks all about her experience shadowing Kaskade as the first Super Bowl DJ.

	When Usher was announced as the headliner back in September, we all knew the 2024 Super Bowl halftime show was going to be epic. What we couldn’t have possibly predicted is all the other epic music moments to go down on Sunday.

	From Beyoncé starring in a Verizon Super Bowl commercial and then surprise-dropping two new songs from her seemingly country-themed “Act II” album coming in March to Ariana Grande and Cynthia Erivo starring in the first trailer for part 1 of the Wicked movie musical out in December, Usher wasn’t the only musician to take advantage of the NFL game’s record ratings.

	










	On the new Billboard Pop Shop Podcast, we talk all about Sunday’s biggest music moments — including Katie being inside the game to shadow Kaskade as the first-ever Super Bowl DJ. Listen below:




			Trending on Billboard		






	Also on the show, we’ve got chart news on how the late Toby Keith hits No. 1 on the Billboard 200 with 35 Biggest Hits, how 44 albums on the chart gain in the wake of exposure on the Grammy Awards, and how the Grammys send a number of songs racing up the Billboard Hot 100 chart — or back onto the chart, including Tracy Chapman’s “Fast Car.”

The Billboard Pop Shop Podcast is your one-stop shop for all things pop on Billboard‘s weekly charts. You can always count on a lively discussion about the latest pop news, fun chart stats and stories, new music, and guest interviews with music stars and folks from the world of pop. Casual pop fans and chart junkies can hear Billboard‘s executive digital director, West Coast, Katie Atkinson and Billboard’s managing director, charts and data operations, Keith Caulfield every week on the podcast, which can be streamed on Billboard.com or downloaded in Apple Podcasts or your favorite podcast provider. (Click here to listen to the previous edition of the show on Billboard.com.)
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.