Source: 97.9 The Box / J. Bachelor
From starring on hit television series to producing #1 albums with the biggest artist in music, actor and Grammy nominated singer/songwriter Leon Thomas has become one of the most watched multi-hyphenate talents in the entertainment industry today.
In recent years Leon has worked with artists like Ariana Grande, Snoh Aalegra, Kodak Black, and more. In 2021 Leon found himself contributing his production skills to one of the most important albums in the last ten years, Drake’s globally chart-topping album Certified Lover Boy. With writing and production credits that included “Pipe Down,” “Love All” featuring Jay-Z, and “In the Bible” featuring Lil Durk and Givēon, Leon’s unique sound and writing wizardry can now be found up and down the Billboard charts.
 


					Related Stories
				





Ne-Yo Opens Up On His Polyamorous Lifestyle & Navagating Life On Tour






Singer/Songwriter Angie Stone Passes Away at 63






Bey, Jay & Blue: Our Favorite Grammy Pics of The Carters






“It’s been an amazing collaborative process working with a lot of my co-producers and people I’ve been building with for years on just a huge win like this,” says Leon about his role on an album. “Seeing him take nine slots out of the top 10 was historical, and to be a part of that is a blessing.”
He recently stopped by The Box studios and caught up with A G & A Pimp to talk about his Grammy win, new album plus so much more.
Check out the full interview below.


Leon Thomas on Working with TDE & Drake, Winning a Grammy, New ‘Mutt’ Album & More! 
						was originally published on
						theboxhouston.com



									Listen Live								

									Which Famous Rappers Are Crips? (PHOTO GALLERY)								

									Karmelo Anthony, Family Move After Repeated Harassment At Their Home								

									DFW Career Fair								

									Which Famous Rappers Are Bloods? (PHOTO GALLERY)								

									What to Expect at DFW Career Fair: List of Employers, Workshops & More								

									Dallas Cowboys 2025 NFL Draft Picks: Full List Of Team’s Round-By-Round Selection & Undrafted Free Agents								

									Chris Brown: Breezy Bowl XX								

					We care about your data. See our privacy policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.