By ADAM S. LEVY FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  23:43, 2 July 2024   |  Updated:  01:04, 3 July 2024   
 9
View  comments
Scooter Braun and actress Rachelle Goulding have been seeing one another the past three months in a romance that's being described as 'very serious.'
The 43-year-old music executive and 38-year-old actress 'have been exclusively dating for about three months now,' a source told Page Six, adding that the romance is moving at a rapid pace.
Braun, who stepped back from music management last month to focus on his CEO position with Hybe America, has been on a number of public outings with Goulding in recent months. 
They include excursions to Napa Valley in California and in April, the Stagecoach music festival in Indio, California, according to the outlet.
The relationship is 'very serious' and Braun is 'excited about it,' an insider told the outlet.
Scooter Braun, 43, and actress Rachelle Goulding, 38, have been seeing one another the past three months in a romance that's being described as 'very serious'
Braun, who past managed musical superstars such as Justin Bieber and Ariana Grande, split from ex-wife Yael Cohen in 2021 and the pair settled their divorce the following year. 
The former couple, who wed in July of  2014 and split in July of 2021, are parents to sons Jagger, nine, and Levi, seven, and daughter Hart, five.
Goulding's most high-profile relationship has been with actor Chace Crawford, 38, of Gossip Girl fame, as the former couple was linked around 2013-2014.
Crawford in July of 2014 told The Kyle & Jackie O Show that he and Goulding had amicably split.
'It's totally good, it's totally good ... we had fun,' he said at the time.
Goulding has worked steadily in Hollywood over the past two decades, appearing in films such as Disquiet and Wifelike; and TV shows including NCIS: Hawai'i, Firefly Lane and General Hospital.
Braun last month announced he was pivoting his efforts away from music management and toward his position as Hybe America's CEO and a Hybe board member.
Braun issued a statement declaring the end of a chapter in his career, saying, '23 years ago a 19 year old kid started managing an artist named Cato in Atlanta, GA and my journey began.
The actress was beaming in an Instagram Stories clip on Tuesday 
Goulding's most high-profile relationship has been with actor Chace Crawford, 38, of Gossip Girl fame. Pictured in NYC in March of 2013 
Braun and ex-wife Yael Cohen wed in July 2014 and split in July of 2021. Pictured in LA in 2020
'Along the way I have had so many experiences I could never have dreamt of,' he said. 'I have been blessed to have had a "Forrest Gump"-like life while witnessing and taking part in the journeys of some of the most extraordinarily talented people the world has ever seen.
'I’m constantly pinching myself and asking "how did I get here?" And after 23 years this chapter as a music manager has come to an end.'
Braun said that 'it was time to step into a new role' as he adapts to a new role that won't require him to be 'on call 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
'As my children got older, and my personal life took some hits, I came to the realization that my kids were 3 superstars I wasn't willing to lose,' he said. 'The sacrifices I was once willing to make I could no longer justify.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group