The Nordstrom Anniversary Sale is a gold mine of designer deals so good, they only come around once a year.
And in addition to fashion finds and exclusive beauty sets, the savings event is also a great time to invest in new jewelry from some of Hollywood’s go-to brands, including Jenny Bird, Kendra Scott and Monica Vinader.
But with styles selling out swiftly, these bling buys are hardly undiscovered gems; shop our favorites below before they fly off the shelves.
Heart the dainty Monica Vinader pieces seen on stars like Selena Gomez and Dakota Johnson? Save on equally eye-catching designs like this sweet heart-adorned chain.
Hailey Bieber and Brie Larson both own versions of this popular BaubleBar bracelet, which shoppers can personalize with hearts or initials. 
Jenny Bird bling is a hot commodity in Hollywood — and stars like Bella Hadid, Selena Gomez and Kylie Jenner are particularly partial to its earrings. You won’t have to jump through hoops to shop this similar style for under $70 right now.
Kendra Scott’s geometric designs have shaped up to be a major celebrity favorite. While the Elisa Pendant ($70) Taylor Swift and Simone Biles own isn’t on sale, this dainty pearl design offers a similar look for less.
British brand Monica Vinader is also a hit with the royal family. While Meghan Markle owns its friendship bracelets, Kate Middleton’s stepped out wearing its pearl pieces. 
Stars like Blake Lively and Mindy Kaling own many of BaubleBar’s whimsical, eye-catching earrings. Go for a timeless-yet-trendy look with these bold hoops.
Monica Vinader’s on-sale items also include these hand-hammered hoops, a larger take on the Siren style stars like Selena Gomez and Lupita Nyong’o have worn. 
Want maximal savings on more maximalist bling? Lele Sadoughi’s got you covered with these head-turning floral earrings, also on sale in black.
We’ve spotted Kelly Clarkson, Mindy Kaling and Kyle Richards (to name but a few) in Kendra Scott’s statement earrings over the years — and now’s your chance to snag a similar style for under $50. 
Prefer a more dainty design to dangly statement earrings? Tell me about it, stud.
Who said tech-based timepieces can’t be fashionable? Elevate your Apple Watch with on-sale bands from brands like Anne Klein and Coach. 
This subtle sparkle costs far less than seven rings. Ariana Grande sported a pair of similar Monica Vinader huggies for the opening night of “Spamalot” in 2023.
Save hundreds on chains from John Hardy, a brand worn by household names like Kylie Jenner and Rihanna. 
This article was written by Hannah Southwick, Commerce Writer/Reporter for Page Six Style. Hannah spies deals on actually affordable celebrity-worn styles, puts Hollywood’s favorite labels to the test and finds the beauty products that keep stars red carpet-ready. She consults stylists and industry pros — including celebs themselves — for firsthand product recommendations, trend predictions and more. In addition to writing for Page Six since 2020, her work has been featured in USA Today and Parade.