Amazon shoppers are raving over a £22.39 fragrance they insist smells 'unbelievably close' to Ange'ls Share which costs £310 for a bottle of the same size. Kismet Magic by Maison Alhambra is proving popular on Amazon with almost 1,000 reviews.
It was first launched in 2024 and has grown in popularity due to the similarities in its DNA to the luxurious Kilian scent. Kismet Magic opens up sweet with notes of Cognac.
It has a heart of Cinnamon, Tonka Bean and Oak and base notes of Praline, Vanilla and Sandalwood. Some shoppers have insisted that although it's not listed as a note it does also have a touch of oud. It has all but two of the notes listed for Angel's Share making it clear why people are drawing comparisons.
READ MORE: Cult Beauty shoppers can snap up Maison Margiela's Replica perfumes for £21 a bottle
READ MORE: Ariana Grande's 'beautiful' perfume compared to Baccarat Rouge is now reduced on Fragrance Direct
It pulled in an average of 4.3 out of 5 across 970 global ratings. One shopper said: "I have a bottle of the original and thought I would give this a go when it appeared at £27. I’m very impressed, it’s as good as Angel's Share and, in my opinion, lasts longer. If you spray it on your body and put a top on straight away it will stay on the clothes for days."
Fancy free takeaway delivery? Access to Deliveroo Plus is one of a host of advantages of Amazon Prime membership, including exclusive Prime Day discounts and perks on Hello Fresh, music, books and Prime Video. Usually £8.99 a month, you can now get a 30-day free trial to get access to the latest deals.
A second penned: "Yummy scent. I’m an Angel's Share fan and purchased this to not waste my original Angel's Share as it’s pricey. But this is the best I’ve found and I’ve tried so many. It’s a tad softer on the booze in my opinion, which I actually like. But the DNA is lovely. For the price, I highly recommend it. I’d give it a few sprays and let it sit for a while though."
A third wrote: "I own the original Angel's Share by Kilian parfum and I can say that this is unbelievably close, but for a fraction of the price. Angel's Share has that little extra booziness and oomph to it but to the untrained nose, you wouldn't notice the difference. Both the longevity and sillage are amazing and it's a definite room filler."
Though, as is often the case with perfume, it's not to everyone's taste. One shopper wrote: "Does not last that long. And can be very sweet." Another added: "The scent doesn't last, which is probably a good thing as it has a weird chemical smell."
You can get Kismet Magic for £22.39 on Amazon.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.