E-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
Sign up for email newsletters
E-Edition
Throughout her rise from country music star to pop culture icon, Dolly Parton has spoken lovingly about her family’s long and deep musical heritage.
Nobody doubted her, certainly, but Parton’s latest project, out Friday, Nov. 15, may illuminate even those most familiar with the story.
“Smoky Mountain DNA: Family, Faith and Fables,” credited to Dolly Parton & Family, offers an immersive look at a lineage that dates back to the early 1900s in the U.S., and to centuries earlier in the U.K. — especially Wales.
Curated by Parton and her first cousin and producer Richie Owens, the stylistically diverse 37-track album — the start of a multimedia project that will include a docuseries next year and a book — is all about history meeting the present day, blending archival and new recordings, sometimes on the same song, and spotlighting more than 20 family members, present and passed.
“We’re from a very musical family and I’ve often talked about it in my whole career,” Parton, 78, says by phone from Nashville. “A lot of our older relatives have passed on, but we have all these stories from our families. We really thought we should do this before we lose any more of us. It’s very emotional and personal to us.”
Owens, 64, adds: “We have documentation going all the way back to the Civil War era as far as the family playing music, and to this past century with my grandfather. All his brothers and sisters played music, then of course it was passed down through his eight children and their kids and their kids. … Everybody played music, so there’s a lot for us to show in doing this.”
For “Smoky Mountain DNA’s” purposes, the story starts with the Rev. Jacob Robert Owens, who at age 19 acquired a Civil War era fiddle played by distant relative Henry Grooms before he was killed by Confederate troops in the closing days of the conflict. Jacob, who died in 1993 at the age of 94, is featured on several of the album tracks, his old recordings meshed with new performances Richie Owens recorded mostly at Historic Fireside Recording Studio, an upgraded version of the facility his father Louis owned with Parton and Porter Wagoner during the 70s. The fiddle is also featured on the album, including “Grooms’ Tune (Bonaparte’s Retreat),” an instrumental played by Roger Helton, a regular performer at Dollywood.
From there, “Smoky Mountain DNA” travels through traditionals and new songs, featuring an array of family members, including Parton’s mother Avie Lee Parton, and an assortment of her and Owens’ aunts, uncles and cousins. “It was a heavy load at times,” Parton acknowledges. “I got very emotional many times, when I was singing with my mama, singing with my grandpa Jake, singing with my uncles, hearing their voices taking me all the way back to my childhood.
“Those people were so near and dear to me. I learned so much about my own craft from them, and how to write and how to play and all that. I got very emotional singing harmony with them, for sure. It was overwhelming at times. But I’m thankful we did it.”
Owens — who’s produced several Parton projects over the years — says the idea for “Smoky Mountain DNA” goes back to about 2010, with his father, who started the process of cataloging the family recordings and started bringing in some of the family elders to preserve them on tape. “That all got put on a shelf until about two years ago,” Owens says. “We knew our window was starting to tighten up. I’m not getting any younger. (Parton) said to me she’s not getting any younger, either. We wanted to do it while we could still see everybody in it.”
While “Smoky Mountain DNA” pays homage to the past, it also represents the present, including teenagers such as Merin Seaver and Faith Reeann, who join Parton on some of the songs. Nephew Sabyn Mayfield, 43, raps on “Holy Water,” a track that reimagines Parton’s 1975 hit “The Seeker,” with Owens on guitar and bass.
“We wanted to show not just the older people, but also what’s going on with some of the newer ones,” explains Parton, who staked her own contemporary claims recently with her 2022 induction into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and her 2023 album “Rockstar.” “Even if it’s kind of a jolt compared to some of the other sounds, we felt it was very appropriate to show that every generation has got these new kids coming up, and they’re all full of music, too. I think that’s some of the best stuff on the album.”
Owens adds that Parton in particular “did not want them to try to sing Dolly Parton. She wanted everybody to be themselves and be an individual. If you ask the younger ones, ‘What kind of music are you into?,’ they’re gonna say Olivia Rodrigo or Billie Eilish or Ariana Grande or whatever. So I tried to find tunes that Dolly or somebody in the family had written that would fit that.
“That’s the thing I appreciate more than anything else in our family,” Owens continues. “We were encouraged to be who are, most importantly. It’s about individuality. We’ve continued to do that and we’ve encouraged it; no one’s ever tried to force things upon anybody else or force them to be like somebody else in the family. That’s something I really go out of doing this.”
Parton — who’s also writing new songs for a stage musical about her life — and Owens promise there’s plenty more where “Smoky Mountain DNA” came from. The docuseries is largely finished and is currently negotiating with distributors, and a coffee table-style book also is planned. There are other songs in the vaults that may be the “Smoky Mountain DNA” treatment, as well, and Owens says he’d like to continue to work with the younger family members in the same vein, and on their own music.
“We wanted to document our life story,” says Parton, “tracing our musical heritage all the way back, I guess, to the 18th century, back to the old world of Irish, Scottish, English, Wales, and just kind of tell who we are, where we came from and how we got to be the way we are. (Music) is a gift that runs in our family. I’m the lucky one who got out to do the most in it, but I’m certainly not any more talented than so many of the others, and this gives us a chance to show that to people.”
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group