arts entertainmentMovies
By DallasNews.com Staff 
Opening dates are subject to change.
HOMESTEAD After a nuclear explosion in Los Angeles sends the nation into chaos, a former Green Beret (Bailey Chase) and his family escape to an eccentric prepper’s mountain compound. Also starring Dawn Olivieri, Neal McDonough and Jesse Hutch. PG-13 (for some violence and thematic elements). 110 mins. In wide release.
(B) MUFASA: THE LION KING This follow-up to the much-maligned 2019 remake The Lion King shows how lion cubs Mufasa and Taka (who would later be known as Scar) became brothers, and then enemies. The mental hurdle of photorealistic animals belting out Broadway-style tunes remains an issue, but we’re able to connect with these animals as they show a range of emotions. Let’s pretend the 2019 version never existed, because Mufasa: The Lion King is the boundary-pushing prequel that the beloved original 1994 film deserves. Featuring the voices of Aaron Pierre, Braelyn Rankins, Kelvin Harrison Jr., Theo Somolu, Tiffany Boone and Kagiso Lediga. PG (for action/violence, peril and some thematic elements). 120 mins. In wide release.
Catch up on the day's news you need to know.
Or with: 
By signing up you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
SONIC THE HEDGEHOG 3 Sonic, Knuckles and Tails reunite against a powerful new adversary in the latest adventure of the video-game hedgehog. Featuring the voices of Ben Schwartz, Idris Elba, Colleen O’Shaughnessey and Keanu Reeves. PG (for action, some violence, rude humor, thematic elements and mild language). 109 mins. In wide release.
BABYGIRL A chief executive (Nicole Kidman) puts her career and family on the line when she has an affair with an intern (Harris Dickinson). Also starring Antonio Banderas and Esther McGregor and Vaughan Reilly.
A COMPLETE UNKNOWN Timothée Chalamet stars in this biopic about a young Bob Dylan, who begins his rise in early 1960s New York City before arriving at the Newport Folk Festival in 1965 ready to shake up the music scene — and become the voice of a generation. Also starring Monica Barbaro, Scoot McNairy, Elle Fanning and Edward Norton.
THE FIRE INSIDE This drama tells the true story of Claressa Shields, perhaps the greatest female boxer of all time and the first American woman to win Olympic gold in the sport. Starring Ryan Destiny, Jazmin Headley and Brian Tyree Henry.
NOSFERATU Director Robert Eggers offers his gothic horror take on Bram Stoker’s classic tale about a haunted young woman (Lily-Rose Depp) and the terrifying vampire (Bill Skarsgard) infatuated with her. Also starring Nicholas Hoult, Aaron Taylor-Johnson, Emma Corrin and Willem Dafoe.
(A) ANORA A young sex worker (Mikey Madison) has a messy romantic entanglement with the son (Mark Eydelshteyn) of a Russian oligarch in this screwball comedy set in Brooklyn’s Brighton Beach. It’s a very satisfying watch, with Madison playing her role with a sweetness that humanizes even the most transactional situations in a film that deftly comments on questions of class, privilege and the wealth divide. R (for strong sexual content throughout, graphic nudity, pervasive language and drug use). 139 mins.
BONHOEFFER: PASTOR. SPY. ASSASSIN. This biographical thriller is based on the true story of Dietrich Bonhoeffer (Jonas Dassler), a pastor and dissident who joined a plot to assassinate Adolf Hitler. PG-13 (for violent content, thematic elements and some smoking). 132 mins.
THE BEST CHRISTMAS PAGEANT EVER When a family of misfits takes over the local Christmas pageant, chaos ensues, leading to unexpected holiday magic. Starring Judy Greer, Pete Holmes, Lauren Graham and Molly Belle Wright. PG (for thematic material and brief underage smoking). 99 mins.
(C) DAY OF THE FIGHT A boxer (Michael C. Pitt) prepares for his first fight since his release from prison. Jack Huston’s directorial debut is attractively shot in black and white and lent integrity by Pitt’s fine lead performance, but it’s a veritable compendium of underdog sports drama clichés. Also starring Joe Pesci, Nicolette Robinson, Ron Perlman and Steve Buscemi. R (for language throughout, suicide, some accident images and brief nudity). 108 mins.
(A) FLOW A cat must learn to put its trust in other animals after its home is devastated by a great flood in this dialogue-free, animated eco-fable from Latvian director Gints Zilbalodis. With beguiling visuals, a profound soulfulness and characters loaded with charm and individuality, it’s a wonderful film for children — and adults as well. PG (for peril and thematic elements). 84 mins.
(B) GLADIATOR II This isn’t quite the prestige film that the first Gladiator, an Academy Award Best Picture winner, was in 2001. It’s more a swaggering, sword-and-sandal epic that prizes the need to entertain above all else. No one in Gladiator II understands that more than Denzel Washington, whose performance as the Machiavellian power broker Macrinus is so compellingly over-the-top that he nearly reaches 1990s Al Pacino standards. Also starring Paul Mescal, Pedro Pascal, Connie Nielsen and Joseph Quinn. R (for strong bloody violence). 148 mins.
(C) KRAVEN THE HUNTER Aaron Taylor-Johnson stars in this mindless, campy origin story of the minor Marvel villain and antihero. The structure and edit are strange, as huge chunks of exposition seem to be missing, and the CGI is dodgy. But if dumb fun is what you’re after, maybe this will do. Also starring Russell Crowe, Levi Miller, Alessandro Nivola, Christopher Abbott and Ariana DeBose. R (for strong bloody violence and language). 127 mins.
(C) THE LORD OF THE RINGS: THE WAR OF THE ROHIRRIM Set 183 years before the events of the original trilogy, this animated fantasy film follows a king and his people as they make a daring last stand in an ancient fortress. It may please the faithful, but it’s not quite epic enough to give less devoted viewers the same thrill they once felt from the live-action movies. Featuring the voices of Brian Cox, Gaia Wise and Luke Pasqualino. PG-13 (for strong violence). 134 mins.
THE MAN IN THE WHITE VAN Inspired by a true story from 1974, this drama follows a Florida girl (Madison Wolfe) who realizes that she is being stalked by a man in a white van. PG-13 (for violent content, terror and smoking). 105 mins.
(A) MISSING FROM FIRE TRAIL ROAD In this heart-wrenching documentary, filmmaker Sabrina Van Tassel focuses on the disappearance of a young American Indian woman in Washington State to illuminate ongoing national tragedies. It’s a difficult film to watch, yet it covers important ground. Not rated. 101 mins.
(B) MOANA 2 Disney’s animated sequel takes viewers on a voyage with Moana (voiced by Auli’i Cravalho), Maui (voiced by Dwayne Johnson) and a new crew of unlikely seafarers. It’s a worthy film, with gorgeous animation, thoughtful representation of Polynesian culture and good, though not as addictively catchy, songs. While it doesn’t go beyond the first film, it stands as a sturdy and satisfying sequel. PG (for action/peril). 100 mins.
(B+) THE ORDER In this explosive and grippingly suspenseful drama, an FBI agent (Jude Law) becomes convinced that a series of bank robberies and car heists are the work of domestic terrorists seeking to fund an uprising against the U.S. government. The Order is both a supremely intelligent docudrama about the rise of the white supremacist movement in the 1980s and a riveting crime story. Also starring Nicholas Hoult and Victor Slezak. R (for some strong violence and language throughout). 114 mins.
(B) QUEER An American ex-pat (Daniel Craig) in 1950s Mexico City falls for a young newcomer (Drew Starkey) whose on-again, off-again affections confuse him. Queer is a reminder of how good an actor Craig is and how brave he can be — naked, needy and noxious. You’ll be shaken and stirred. R (for strong sexual content, graphic nudity, strong drug content, language and brief violence). 135 mins.
(D-) RED ONE After Santa Claus is kidnapped, the North Pole’s security chief (Dwayne Johnson) must team up with an infamous bounty hunter (Chris Evans) in a mission to save Christmas in this high-concept, CGI-saturated bore that lacks heart and infectious humor. PG-13 (for action, some violence, and language). 123 mins.
SMILE 2 A pop star (Naomi Scott) experiences a series of increasingly terrifying and disturbing events in this horror thriller. Also starring Rosemarie DeWitt, Lukas Gage, Miles Gutierrez-Riley and Peter Jacobson. R (for strong bloody violent content, grisly images, language throughout and drug use). 127 mins.
TERRIFIER 3 After surviving a massacre by Art the Clown, two siblings struggle to rebuild their lives and embrace the holiday spirit. But the killer clown unleashes a new round of horrors on Christmas Eve. Starring Lauren LaVera, David Howard Thornton and Jason Patric. Not rated.125 mins.
VENOM: THE LAST DANCE Tom Hardy returns as the popular antihero in the final film in the Marvel trilogy. PG-13 (for intense sequences of violence and action, bloody images and strong language). 109 mins.
(B-) WICKED Elphaba (Cynthia Erivo), who’s misunderstood because of her green skin, and Glinda (Ariana Grande), a popular student, become friends at a university in this look at the early lives of the pair of witches from The Wizard of Oz. With over 100 years of cultural baggage, Wicked is bogged down at times by the weight of expectations. The film may struggle to take flight, but when it does, it is undeniably moving. Also starring Michelle Yeoh and Jeff Goldblum. PG (for some scary action, thematic material and brief suggestive material). 160 mins.
(A-) THE WILD ROBOT In this gorgeous computer-generated cartoon with a human heart beating beneath its state-of-the-art surface, an intelligent robot named Roz (voiced by Lupita Nyong’o) is shipwrecked on an island and begins to build relationships with the island’s animals while caring for an orphaned baby goose. There’s never been an animated movie that reflects the world in quite this way. While the animals are somewhat disappointingly designed, the expressionistic environments can take your breath away. Also featuring the voices of Pedro Pascal, Kit Connor, Catherine O’Hara and Bill Nighy. PG (for action/peril and thematic elements). 101 mins.
(C-) Y2K Two high school nobodies (Jaeden Martell and Julian Dennison) decide to crash a party on New Year’s Eve in 1999 in this sci-fi comedy set in an alternate reality where all technology breaks down at the stroke of midnight. First-time director Kyle Mooney’s melding of a period-piece high school comedy and a disaster flick is odd, to say the least. And the last hour, which turns into a cheeky dystopian alien-tech horror farce, simply isn’t very good. Also starring Rachel Zegler. R (for bloody violence, strong sexual content/nudity, pervasive language, and teen drug and alcohol use). 93 mins.
Compiled from staff and wire reports
Join the conversation
Thank you for reading. We welcome your thoughts on this topic. Comments are moderated for adherence to our Community Guidelines. Please read the guidelines before participating.