Today's Digital Daily	
			



	
			Today's Digital Daily	
			

The most remarkable jewels on the red carpet for the biggest night in Hollywood.

	On the Oscars red carpet, the jewelry is just as big a moment as the fashion. Case in point: Charlize Theron’s dazzling Boucheron diamonds on white gold pendant earrings, choker, necklace, bracelet and rings, all layered up and giving off a 1920s Hollywood siren feeling. Lily Gladstone stunned with a Bulgari High Jewelry Divas’ Dream necklace paired with a high jewelry bracelet with more than 45 carats of diamonds and a high jewelry ring in white gold with one cushion sapphire. Other Bulgari moments came from Florence Pugh in a Serpenti wraparound diamond necklace and Zendaya in pink gold earrings with two triangular morganites, a bracelet in pink gold with diamonds and a ring with turquoise, all high jewelry.

	











	
			Related Articles	
	













	Watches
	



	
			Four Watches for the Formula 1 Fan	
			













	Jewelry
	



	
			David Yurman Brings Legacy With Materials and the Arts to Miami Design District Flagship	
			








Tiffany & Co. made a statement on the red carpet with Anya Taylor-Joy in a necklace in platinum and yellow gold with diamonds, and a Jean Schlumberger by Tiffany ring; Ariana Grande in a pendant and earrings in platinum with morganites and diamonds, and Gabrielle Union in a necklace in platinum with aquamarine, Tiffany Soleste earrings and a diamond ring.




			You May Also Like		






	America Ferrera went with some color, choosing a diamond and rubellite necklace from Pomellato high jewelry to complement her Barbie pink Atelier Versace dress. Jon Batiste wore a diamond necklace, bracelet and various rings all from Jared.

	The gents of the evening polished their tuxedos with standout timepieces. Matt Bomer wore a Tag Heuer Carrera, Glenn Powell a Tag Heuer Monaco and Ryan Gosling a Tag Heuer Carrera Plasma Diamant D’Avant. Colman Domingo chose an Omega De Ville Prestige and a bit of bling from David Yurman with a necktie pin, a creative take on black tie. Ke Huy Quan was in a Cartier Santos-Dumont skeleton watch and a pair of Tradition Chevron clip-brooches.
Sign up for WWD news straight to your inbox every day
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
WWD and Women's Wear Daily are part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All Rights Reserved.