Taylor Swift’s upcoming concerts in London are set to ‘carry on’ as normal next week after a series of shows were cancelled in Austria over an alleged terrorism threat.
The singer had been due to begin three nights at Vienna’s Ernst Happel Stadium this evening (August 8) and had been set to continue there until August 10. Last night, the shows were all cancelled after two suspects were arrested for allegedly plotting a terror attack at the venue.
Austrian authorities said they had been made aware of "preparatory actions" regarding the possible attack and that there had been a specific “focus on the Taylor Swift concerts in Vienna". Taylor has yet to speak out on the cancellation of the shows, but promoters for the tour said they had ‘no choice but to cancel the three scheduled shows for everyone’s safety’.
READ MORE: Customers 'gutted' as popular Greater Manchester restaurant announces closure
Earlier today, UK Home Office minister Dame Diana Johnson told LBC Radio that the Metropolitan Police were ‘assessing risks’ regarding Taylor’s run of five shows at London’s Wembley Stadium next week.
London Mayor Sadiq Khan told Sky News this afternoon (August 8) that London was ‘looking forward to welcoming Taylor Swift back’ for her run of five shows at Wembley Stadium from August 15 to 20.
Mr Khan said the capital was ‘an international city’ that regularly hosts major events, and that they were ensuring the concerts would take place in the capital safely. He told the outlet: “We have a huge amount of experience in policing these events, we’re never complacent, many lessons were learned after the awful Manchester Arena attack.
“The police work closely, not just with City Hall, but with councils, but also with those who host concerts, like the Taylor Swift concert coming up over the next couple of weeks.”
He added: “I’m sure Vienna has got its own reasons to cancel the Taylor Swift concerts, we’re going to carry on, working closely with police (and) ensuring that the Taylor Swift concerts can take place in London safely.”
At a press conference on Thursday, Austria’s interior minister, Gerhard Karner, said “a tragedy was prevented” before referring to the attack on Paris’s Bataclan venue, the bombing of Manchester Arena following a concert by Ariana Grande in 2017, and the Crocus City Hall mass shooting in Moscow.
He also said that concerts “are often targets” for politically motivated attackers, and threats have “undoubtedly risen” since the escalation of violence against Hamas and Israel in Gaza in October.
Franz Ruf, director general for public security at the Ministry of the Interior confirmed that two people had been arrested, one 19-year-old suspect in Ternitz, south of Vienna, and a 17-year-old in the Austrian capital. He also said that chemical substances, liquids and technical capabilities were found at the home of the 19-year-old.
A spokesman for the Metropolitan Police said: “London plays host to a significant number of very high-profile events each year with millions of visitors having a safe and enjoyable experience.
“The Met works closely with venue security teams and other partners to ensure there are appropriate security and policing plans in place.
“There is nothing to indicate that the matters being investigated by the Austrian authorities will have an impact on upcoming events here in London. As always, we will continue to keep any new information under careful review.”
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.