The duo looked like they stepped right out of Oz
Something Wicked this way comes. 
Last night, Ariana Grande and Cynthia Erivo paid homage to their characters at the Wicked premiere in Sydney, Australia. The duo respectively play Glinda and Elphaba in the forthcoming Jon M. Chu film adaptation of the hit Broadway musical, and accordingly embraced their onscreen personas with intricate, costume-level gowns. 
For the occasion, Grande slipped into a blush pink ballgown from Vivienne Westwood Couture, which flaunted a design not far off from what the actor wears as Glinda in the film. Layers of pink and peach tulle created a voluminous skirt, while the gown’s corseted bodice was decorated with pink rhinestone starburst details (seen frequently among Westwood’s collections since 2010). Puffy sheer sleeves completed the fairytale silhouette, extending down to Grande’s wrists. 
The pop star continued the whimsical theme by accessorizing with Lorraine Schwartz jewelry, including a butterfly-shaped choker encrusted with diamonds, as well as a matching ring. Diamond earrings brought her look full circle, and she wore her blonde hair in a half-up, half-down style, leaving a strand hanging down one side of her face. Her delicate glam featured a dusty pink eyeshadow and a glossy pink lip. 
Erivo, for her part, leaned into the witchy look of her character Elphaba with a similarly dramatic look. She wore a strapless black gown from Louis Vuitton, taking care to show off the dress’s sculptural silhouette. A massive bow at the back of the gown infused her getup with some edge, and the pointed ends of the design exaggerated her hips. The billowing skirt of the gown was contrasted by its corseted bodice, which accented its minimal square neckline with a small notch. 
A thick black choker, decorated with a large diamond brooch from Roberto Coin, rounded out Erivo’s look. She accessorized with iridescent green sunglasses, silver hoops, and a handful of silver diamond rings (also from Roberto Coin). While she kept her glam natural, she did flaunt a gorgeous green manicure that channeled her character. As she posed with Grande along the “yellow brick road” carpet, the two shared a loving embrace, proving their friendship translated offscreen as well. 
George and Amal Clooney's Relationship Timeline
Lorde's Dating History
Jen Aniston's Easy Look Is So Rachel Green-Coded
Blake Lively Carries Kitschy Pizza-Shaped Clutch
Malia and Sasha Attend an Album-Release Party
Princess Kate Knows Her Way Around a Power Tool 
Princess Kate's Outfit Includes a Cottagecore Top
Rosamund Pike Makes Furry Slippers Look Refined
Meghan Markle Says That Prince Harry Saved Her
Blake Lively Wears Double Leather for Date Night
Anne Hathaway Does Double Denim Like a Superstar
A Guide to All the 2025 Met Gala Co-Chairs
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.