Broadway + NYC
Broadway
Off-Broadway
Off-Off Broadway
Cabaret
Dance
Opera
Classical Music
United States
Eastern
Central
Western
Minneapolis / St. Paul
Connecticut
Atlanta
Chicago
Los Angeles
Central New York
West End
WEST END
UK Regional
International
Canada
Australia / New Zealand
Europe
Asia
Latin America
Africa / Middle East
Entertainment
TV/Movies
Music
Latin music to Broadway, Sebastian steps into the iconic role of Billy Flynn in Chicago. He discusses his journey, preparation, and unique spin on the character.
POPULAR
Broadway is about to welcome a new leading man, as Latin music sensation Sebastián Yatra makes his Broadway debut as Billy Flynn in Chicago beginning November 25th. Known for his success in Latin Pop, Reggaeton, and more, Yatra artist is trading sold-out concerts for the bright lights of Broadway, embracing the challenge of taking on this iconic role.
In BroadwayWorld's interview, the Latin Grammy Award winner opens up about his dreams of being on Broadway, his preparation process, putting his own unique spin on the character of Billy Flynn, and much more! 
Chicago will mark your Broadway debut in the iconic role of Billy Flynn. What drew you to this role, and how did it feel when you learned that you would be joining the cast?
It started, in all honesty, with an email. I was on a plane, and I got a random email where they were asking me if I wanted to be part of the play as Billy Flynn, that there would be a work session, and the dates they were thinking that would be possible. It all seemed pretty surreal, because deep down I always had this thing where one of my big dreams was to be on Broadway someday, but I thought that would take a way longer time if it did happen. I did start in musical theatre when I was a kid. I did High School Musical in school when I was 12, and that’s the reason I started singing.
Once they sent me that I was thinking about it, and I was making excuses and saying, “To prepare something for Broadway, that’s so many months, I don’t know if I have time because I have my tour.” And then I was talking about it with friends, and people that are close to me, and it was one of those things where you say, 'All you have is the present. Right now the opportunity exists, you don’t know if it’s going to happen again. And even if it scares you, that makes it even more exciting.' So, I decided to just go for it, to jump. I’ve been taking a bunch of acting lessons this year, and getting my singing more on point, and really just preparing this character, Billy Flynn, so that I can give the best that I can give on stage, and be there for the rest of the cast and the crew.
Broadway is the closest thing that humans can do to clockwork, it’s so many moving pieces, and it only actually works if every piece is put exactly in the right place. And that happens with all these actors, and actresses, and musicians, and people from the lights, and the audio. It’s such a mesmerizing experience going to Broadway, so being able to have the opportunity to be one of those moving pieces really excites me, and I can’t wait for it to start.
You said you’ve been getting yourself into musical theatre shape with acting and singing. What has that preparation been like?
It’s been very interesting seeing how the character evolves. Originally on paper, when you read it the first time, you have a certain idea of how the character is, but the deeper you dive in, you start understanding Billy’s world a lot more, and the reason he does each of the things. And then, with each of the people I’ve had the pleasure of working with, I’ve learned a lot.
I started taking singing lessons at the beginning of this year- it had nothing to do with Broadway, I just wanted to start taking lessons with Eric Vetro in Los Angeles, because I’d heard amazing things about him, he’s one of the best in the world. He’s prepared a lot of different Billy Flynns, and a lot of people for Chicago, and countless movies, and roles, and amazing artists, like Ariana Grande and many others. I think that all started with making this connection more to singing in English.
Once they offered me the role, or at least to go the work session, I started taking acting lessons to prepare the character before coming, not just the scenes that I had to do for the work session, but I wanted to have the whole script already in my head. I also did dance lessons with Greg Butler in Los Angeles, he worked on Chicago for a long time. That helped me build the character a bit before getting over here to New York, and feel more comfortable to be able to listen to the directors and the producers, any comments they had, instead of having to worry so much about building the character on site. And so, when I got here, it was easier to just play, and we had a lot of fun. I’m excited to get to know the rest of the cast and really learn a lot.
You've achieved success across multiple genres—from Latin pop to Reggaeton and more—and now you’re taking on a classic musical theater character. What are you most looking forward to in making this switch to musical theatre for the moment?
I really look forward to being a part of a show that’s not about me. As a solo act musician, you go and the show is just about you, so you can make a lot of decisions. And here you have to go back a bit and understand that to do a great show, everyone and everything is just as important. I think that’s mega important also to take for my tours coming up next year, where every single person that’s on stage is just as important, because it’s all part of the emotion that you want to portray.
I’m very excited to just learn. I’m excited to act in English, because I speak Spanish the majority of the time. And also, ever since I was little, I’d walk through New York, or any city, and I’d ask people, “Give me any random phrase! Tell me something!” And they'd give me a phrase, and I'd start going into a full Broadway singing style and messing around. So, in a way, I feel like this is something I’ve always been connected to, and my personality goes a lot with what it’s like being in the theatre, and acting there. It’s very big and it’s about making decisions on the spot, and I think it’s probably the biggest joy you can have as an actor.
Chicago has been on Broadway for almost 30 years, and many actors have stepped into the role of Billy Flynn. How do you hope to put your own personal spin on this character?
I was doing the Charleston [in rehearsal], and David [Bushman, Swing/Dance Captain] and Evan [Ensign, Production Stage Manager], they’re like, “Oh, you have a Latino Charleston! It’s more like a Salsa Charleston, we love it!” Naturally I think that Latin part of me is definitely going to stick out, whether it's people hearing me speaking English and knowing I come from a different place... I think it’s in our blood to be passionate, and lively, and a little bit crazy. You see Bianca Marroquin do it, and she’s an absolute badass. When I saw her a couple months ago when I came to see Chicago, she stole the show for me, she’s so good, she had so much charisma. I think it’s that Latin heart we have, we all have a little bit of that soap opera drama in us that really helps us with these types of roles!
I can’t wait to see a Salsa Charleston, that sounds great!
I mean, that’s what they say it looks like, I’m trying to do a good Charleston!
What do you hope audiences will take away from seeing you in this new role?
I hope they can enjoy the show as if it’s the first time they’re watching it. I really love the songs, I love the energy they have, and hopefully my interpretation of them will connect a lot with audiences. I wouldn’t say they’re mega love songs, because Billy is not a guy who sings love songs [laughs]. But you can still feel it, you can feel it in the songs, because the melodies are so beautiful, but there is so much irony and sarcasm, so I hope they get a good laugh and that they deicide to come again. I’m going to be there for four weeks!
Dead Outlaw is the darkly hilarious and wildly inventive musical about the bizarre true story of outlaw-turned-corpse-turned-celebrity Elmer McCurdy. As Elmer’s body finds even more outlandish adventures in death than it could have ever hoped for in life, the show explores fame, failure, and the meaning – or, utter meaninglessness – of legacy. Dying is no reason to stop living life to its fullest. 
Gotham FC’s star soccer player & U.S. Women's National Team player Midge Purce will be delivering Chicago’s opening monologue for one performance only next week. Learn more here!
Get a first look at Ashley Graham and Sophie Carmen-Jones in Chicago on Broadway! Learn more about the production and see how to purchase tickets here!
Supermodel and entrepreneur Ashley Graham is currently making her Broadway debut the role of “Roxie Hart” in Chicago! Check out photos from Graham's opening night here! 
Supermodel and entrepreneur Ashley Graham took her first Broadway bow this evening as she makes her debut in the role of “Roxie Hart” in Chicago! watch the video!
Videos
Recommended For You
Sign up for announcements, and exclusive discounts on tickets to your favorite shows!
© 2025 - Copyright Wisdom Digital Media, all rights reserved. Privacy Policy