Andrew Stanton is a Newsweek weekend reporter based in Maine. His role is reporting on U.S. politics and social issues. Andrew joined Newsweek in 2021 from The Boston Globe. He is a graduate of Emerson College. You can get in touch with Andrew by emailing a.stanton@newsweek.com. Languages: English.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
President Joe Biden dropping out of the 2024 presidential race drew reaction from celebrities on Sunday, with many voicing support for Vice President Kamala Harris.
Biden announced that he was ending his presidential campaign after facing calls from Democrats to withdraw from the ticket following his performance in a CNN presidential debate against Trump last month. Biden sounded hoarse and appeared to stumble through several answers, doing little to quell concerns about his age.
"It has been the greatest honor of my life to serve as your president. And while it has been my intention to seek reelection, I believe it is in the best interest of my party and the country for me to stand down and to focus solely on fulfilling my duties as president for the remainder of my term," Biden wrote in a statement.
He followed up the announcement by endorsing Harris to replace him at the top of the ticket, writing in a post to X, formerly Twitter, that "it's time to come together and beat Trump."
Cher responded to his announcement in a post to X.
"In my heart I'm tortured, Because I don't believe the Democrats can win the presidency With 'Pres Biden' 'Joe,' whom I've loved since we met in 2008. I campaigned for him I believe IT'S TIME 2 PASS THE BATON. TIME 4 DEMS 2 THINK 'WAY' OUTSIDE THE BOX. MAYBE EVEN A SPLIT TICKET," she wrote.
"Joe Biden will go down in history as a man who accomplished significant achievements in his four-year term. We should be grateful for his upholding of our democracy," posted Barbara Streisand.
Roseanne Barr, a conservative supporter of Trump, posted, "Please please please endorse Kamala."
"OK everybody, now we have our marching orders and time to hit the trail running. No to Trump/Vance. No to the right-wing Christian religious takeover of our nation. Nothing wrong with Christianity; just shouldn't be running a nation birthed from freedom of religion," posted Mark Ruffalo.
Ariana Grande shared Biden's endorsement of Harris to her story on Instagram alongside a link urging her followers to register to vote.
"I support wholeheartedly @joebiden and his decision to step down and to endorse unreservedly @kamalaharris. SHE IS TRUSTED AND TESTED and she is a fierce advocate for women's rights and people of color and her message is one of HOPE and UNITY for America at her time of great national divide," posted Jamie Lee Curtis to X.
"Politics is just a brutal f****** blood sport," posted Meghan McCain, a former co-host of The View and daughter of the late Senator John McCain.
"If Biden's unfit to stay in the presidential race, then surely he's unfit to remain president too?" posted English broadcaster Piers Morgan, echoing a viewpoint shared by many Republicans after the announcement.
Lizzo wrote on Instagram, "We are truly living in unprecedented times," sharing a photograph of a news article detailing the president's announcement.
Newsweek is committed to journalism that's factual and fair.
Hold us accountable and submit your rating of this article on the meter. 
Newsweek is committed to journalism that's factual and fair.
Hold us accountable and submit your rating of this article on the meter. 
Andrew Stanton is a Newsweek weekend reporter based in Maine. His role is reporting on U.S. politics and social issues. Andrew joined Newsweek in 2021 from The Boston Globe. He is a graduate of Emerson College. You can get in touch with Andrew by emailing a.stanton@newsweek.com. Languages: English.
Andrew Stanton is a Newsweek weekend reporter based in Maine. His role is reporting on U.S. politics and social issues. Andrew joined Newsweek in 2021 from The Boston Globe. He is a graduate of Emerson College. You can get in touch with Andrew by emailing a.stanton@newsweek.com. Languages: English.
Andrew Stanton is a Newsweek weekend reporter based in Maine. His role is reporting on U.S. politics and social issues.                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC