Travis Kelce interacts with the crowd during Kelce Jam 2024 at Azura Amphitheater on May 18, 2024 in Bonner Springs, Kansas.
Travis Kelce is his girlfriend's biggest supporter. In a new interview, the star Chiefs tight end listed his 3 favorite Taylor Swift songs.
<em>(Photo by Fernando Leon/Getty Images)</em>
Specifying which Swift "bangers" he loves most, Kelce shares that he "really started listening to Taylor's music when she came out with 1989." He explained that he knew who Swift was prior to the 2014 album. "We're the same age, so through high school, I knew when she was getting her career started," he continued. "But I think 1989 was where it really started to go crazy."
The 34-year-old, whose birthday is on October 5th, while Swift's is on December 13th, explained why his favorite song of hers is from 1989. "So I'm going to say 'Blank Space' because that was the first one. So I'm going to put that at number one," he said of his ranking.
Though he went from the top to second and third, Kelce then said, "I'll go number two, 'Cruel Summer.' 'Cruel Summer' is the one she opens with at her show, and when she comes out, and it's just f---ing electric in the stadium, and she goes into an absolute banger like that." He recalled being so "fired up" when Swift performed "Cruel Summer" at the first Eras Tour show he attended.
As for his third pick, Travis picked a song off her latest release, The Tortured Poets Department album. While smiling, he states: "'So High School.' It's got a little bit of a sentimental meaning, I guess," he said, then nonchalantly recited the lyrics, "You know how to ball. I know Aristotle."
Watch the interview below:
As we recently reported, Kelce joined Swift on stage over the weekend while she was performing her third night in London. A source told ET that Travis was "so excited to support Taylor onstage, and Taylor couldn't be happier to feature him, especially during such a fun, pivotal scene in the show."
The moment came during The Tortured Poets Department era as Swift transitioned from a dress to a two-piece outfit thanks to her backup dancers. Travis wore a black tuxedo and top hat to match Swift's other dancers and carried his girlfriend to a seat. He stood back, fanning himself as the other two dancers changed her out of her dress into a white blazer while he stood back and smiled.
Swift posted the special moment on social media Monday (June 24). She wrote of her boyfriend of nearly one year: "And I’m still cracking up/swooning over @killatrav’s Eras Tour debut [heart face emoji] Never going to forget these shows."
It is quite baffling that 2019 was five years ago! Time really does fly by, and it seems like it wasn't that long ago that these pop songs dropped. Billie Eilish's debut studio album, WHEN WE ALL FALL ASLEEP, WHERE DO WE GO? released in March of that year, with her gorgeous vocals shining on tracks like "bury a friend," "ilomilo," and "i love you." That same year, Lizzo's third album, Cuz I Love You, was released the following month. She took radio waves by storm with bangers like "Truth Hurts," "Tempo," and "Juice." Taylor Swift also released new music in 2019 with her seventh studio album, Lover. It was the singer-songwriter's first album after her departure from Big Machine Records. The album featured such tracks as "Cruel Summer," "Lover," and "The Archer." According to the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry, it was the global best-selling studio album of 2019, with sales of 3.2 million copies.
Ariana Grande's fifth studio album, thank u, next, was released six months after her fourth studio album Sweetener. It was Grande's most personal album recorded up to this point in her career, following the death of her ex-boyfriend Mac Miller and the end of her engagement to Pete Davidson. Songs like "thank u, next," "fake smile," and "7 rings" reflect on the artist's personal flaws, grief and denial, as well as independence and self-empowerment. A newcomer to the pop music scene this year was Lil Nas X, who had major success the year prior with his collaboration with Billy Ray Cyrus on "Old Town Road." His EP, 7, featured the award-winning track and the remixed version. The song went 17 times platinum in the US alone, and the music video has over 1.2 billion views on YouTube.
Take a look below at five songs that turn five in 2024:
We love this synth-pop track, with dark and violent lyrics Eilish sings so well from the perspective of a monster under someone's bed. She said, "Anything could be the monster — it could be someone you love so much that it’s taking over your life. I think love and terror and hatred are all the same thing." And yeah, we know "bad guy" is on that album and yes, that's a classic too. Don't come at us! We just love "bury a friend." 
Besides Lil Nas X's 2021 track, "MONTERO (Call Me By Your Name)," all his versions of "Old Town Road" continue to have classic status. The song initially gained popularity on TikTok and later that year, was certified diamond by the RIAA for selling ten million units in the US, making it the fastest song to be certified diamond.
The title track is so timeless and it will surely be played at weddings for years to come. Swift said while recording, she imagined the production to sound like "just the last two people on a dance floor at 3 a.m. swaying." The music video is just as romantic, but with a playful idea of Swift and her lover living the ups and downs of their life within a dollhouse.
In this iconic pop R&B track, Ariana sees a guy at a club and is attracted to him, only to realize that he has a girlfriend who looks just like her -- high ponytail and all. By lingering as a third wheel to the couple, he keeps looking back at Ariana. But by the end, she pushes him away and goes for his girlfriend. The video's climax was seen as "queerbating" by some, but her choosing her lookalike insinuates she would rather love herself.
Lizzo's funky pop song was the lead single from Cuz I Love You. The self-esteem empowering track has an equally fun and empowering music video showcasing Lizzo's self-love. In the video, the singer takes part in an '80s-style workout program, late-night talk show, and selling products on an infomercial.
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!