She’s a good witch.
Ariana Grande hit the Met Gala 2024 red carpet on Monday in another Glinda-fied look, sporting slight pops of pink in honor of her “Wicked” character.
The “Eternal Sunshine” singer, 30, looked angelic, sporting a white Loewe gown in accordance with the night’s “Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion” theme.
Grande’s gown featured a corset-style top with mosaic-like detailing which reflected faint pinks and blues underneath the lights.
The structured top was met with draping at the midsection, flowing into a pleated skirt of varying colors. 
She accessorized with Lorraine Schwartz jewelry and wore her blond hair back in a sleek ponytail to show off her dramatic makeup.
The look isn’t a departure from her previous Met Gala appearance; the former Nickelodeon star has only attended fashion’s biggest night one other time, making her debut in 2018.
For the “Heavenly Bodies”-themed event, she selected a Vera Wang ballgown screen-printed with images from Michelangelo’s famous fresco “The Last Judgment,” which can be found in the Sistine Chapel.
She’s also turned to Wang for many of her major life events, including the wedding dress she wore to marry ex-husband Dalton Gomez in 2021, which was inspired by Audrey Hepburn.
“She really went against type; she didn’t want to wear anything that had more volume, and wanted something extremely body [-conscious] and lithe. It’s more of a ’30s kind of vibe; it’s narrow, it’s bias [-cut], and I think there’s a certain grace and sensuality to that kind of shape,” Wang told Page Six Style in 2022 of her bridal design for Grande.
“I loved all the accessories as well — the bow, the veil. They were very, very Ariana; the youth, the charm.”
Grande has been blooming lately, wearing a duo of floral Oscar de la Renta gowns during her “Wicked” press tour earlier this year — perhaps as a nod to the poppies that play a pivotal role in “The Wizard of Oz.”
Ahead of the musical movie’s theatrical debut on Nov. 27, she’s also been coordinating many of her looks with co-star Cynthia Erivo, the Elphaba to her Glinda.
At March’s Oscars, for instance, the pop star opted for a voluminous, bubblegum-hued Giambattista Valli gown worthy of the good witch, while Erivo channeled Elphaba’s verdigris in green leather Louis Vuitton.
And at the Super Bowl in February, the duo kicked off their promo tour in sparkling Louis Vuitton jerseys inspired by their characters.
Advertisement