Published: December 26, 2024 -- Universal Pictures Home Entertainment has announced the Wicked Digital, 4K UHD, Blu-ray and DVD release details. The film’s Peacock streaming debut has not yet been announced.
After setting the record for the biggest opening for a movie based on a Broadway show ever and being nominated for four Golden Globes including Best Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy, the musical adaptation will be available exclusively on digital platforms to purchase or rent in time to celebrate New Year’s Eve on December 31, 2024.
Having cast a captivating spell on film audiences worldwide, the film has earned Certified Fresh and Verified Hot designations on Rotten Tomatoes and a wickedly stunning “A” CinemaScore. You’ll be able to experience the magic of the spellbinding film with a dazzling bonus Sing-Along version, a 40-minute journey through Oz that celebrates the film’s transformative on-screen magic, deleted & extended scenes and more.
Wicked, one of the most beloved and enduring musicals on the stage, arrives on your screen as a generation-defining cinematic sensation. The untold story of the witches of Oz, Wicked stars Cynthia Erivo as Elphaba, a misunderstood young woman who has yet to discover her true power, and Ariana Grande as Glinda, a popular young woman who has yet to discover her true heart.
The two meet at Shiz University and forge an unlikely friendship – before their lives take different paths following an encounter with The Wonderful Wizard of Oz. Their extraordinary adventures will ultimately see them fulfill their destinies as the Wicked Witch of the West and Glinda the Good.
Based on the stage play with music and lyrics by the legendary Grammy and Oscar-winning composer and lyricist Stephen Schwartz, Wicked was directed by acclaimed filmmaker Jon M. Chu (Crazy Rich Asians, In the Heights).
The film also stars Oscar winner Michelle Yeoh (Everything Everywhere All at Once, Crazy Rich Asians), Oliver Award winner and Emmy nominee Jonathan Bailey (Bridgerton, Fellow Travelers), Tony nominee Ethan Slater (Broadway’s SpongeBob SquarePants, Fosse/Verdon), Marissa Bode, Peter Dinklage (Game of Thrones, The Hunger Games: The Ballad of Songbirds & Snakes), and Jeff Goldblum (Jurassic Park, Independence Day).

        
            December 30, 2024 11:00am ET
            by Pressparty   

            
            
            	
universal, pictures

	                              Shortlink to this content: https://bit.ly/408YuAO


Profile


Press Releases