By Armando Tinoco 
Staff Writer

Jonathan Bailey made a cameo on Netflix‘s Heartstopper Season 3 and says people over a certain age should be forced to watch the series.

	In a new interview, Bailey opened up about how his guest appearance came to be and what the series means to him.

	“I sort of wedged myself into that part. I was so moved by the series and also the graphic novel,” Bailey told Vanity Fair. 

	Bailey played Jack Maddox, a classical historian Joe Locke’s Charlie admires.




			Watch on Deadline		







	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	













	News
	



	
		
					Rian Johnson "Obviously" Doesn't Agree With Ted Sarandos, Says Cinemas Are "Not Going Anywhere"		
			















	News
	



	
		
					Julia Garner Poised To Star In & EP Netflix Limited Series About FTX Scam From Graham Moore & Higher Ground		
			







	The actor said “Heartstopper seems to allow people to feel catharsis and to feel a sort of melancholic sort of nostalgia for what could have been.”

	










	Bailey noted that he loved the cast and added, “I think they’re brilliant. I remember seeing all of them speak to their own experiences and being like, My God, they’re so erudite and grounded and thoughtful and kind and compassionate in their answers.”

	“I would be really proud of myself if I could be a part of that as my younger self,” he continued. “Everyone above the age of 40 should be forced to watch it.”

	Bailey has multiple projects up ahead, like starring in Jurassic World: Rebirth opposite Scarlett Johansson. The film is slated to arrive in theaters on Wednesday, July 2, 2025.

	The actor is also part of the Wicked cast, where he plays Fiyero Tigelaar, a Winkie prince who meets Elphaba and Glinda at school. Bailey stars in the Jon M. Chu-directed film alongside Cynthia Erivo, Ariana Grande, Michelle Yeoh, Jeff Goldblum, Ethan Slater, Marissa Bode, Peter Dinklage, and Bowen Yang, among many others.
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.