A clear sky. Low 48F. Winds NE at 10 to 15 mph..
                                
A clear sky. Low 48F. Winds NE at 10 to 15 mph.
 Updated: May 3, 2025 @ 3:29 pm
Demi Moore delivers a career-best performance as Elisabeth Sparkle, a former A-lister who is past her prime in The Substance. After being unexpectedly fired from her fitness TV show, she becomes intrigued by a mysterious new drug.
As we dive into the top movies of 2024, it’s exciting to reflect on the vibrant film scene in Denton, particularly with the reopening of the Alamo Drafthouse in August. This beloved local gem has once again become a hub for cinephiles and casual moviegoers alike, drawing in diverse audiences with its eclectic programming.
“The cool thing about Denton is there’s such a wide demographic. There are many genres that attract guests. Whether it’s classics, first-run movies or horror movies, it seems like Denton has a crowd for it all,” said Taylor Smith, Alamo Drafthouse’s field marketing manager in Dallas-Fort Worth.
This blend of community spirit and cinematic passion sets the stage for an exciting year in film, showcasing both local successes and the hottest releases that have captured the hearts of viewers.
Here’s a look at the 12 standout films of 2024 that you won’t want to miss!
1. The Substance
No film in 2024 has rocked me to my core more than Coralie Fargeat’s The Substance, featuring the unparalleled performances of Demi Moore and Margaret Qualley. They portray two parts of one’s self at war with each other with such intensity that it’s impossible to look away.
Like Julia Ducournau’s Titane, it fearlessly explores territories reminiscent of cult classic horror films from the ’80s, such as Stuart Gordon’s Reanimator or Brian Yuzna’s Society. The unshakeable imagery and the characters’ revelations about the savagery of fame, the female experience and the self-inflicted damage to maintain a facade of perfection make The Substance the best cinematic offering of 2024.
Furiosa: A Mad Max Saga stars Anya Taylor-Joy in the title role. As the world falls, young Furiosa is snatched from the Green Place of Many Mothers and falls into the hands of a great Biker Horde led by the warlord Dementus (Chris Hemsworth). Sweeping through the Wasteland, they come across the Citadel, presided over by the Immortan Joe. While the two tyrants war for dominance, Furiosa must survive many trials as she puts together the means to find her way home.
2. Furiosa: A Mad Max Saga
I fully realize that many were disappointed by the significant change in pace and the increased use of computer-generated imagery in George Miller’s long-awaited return to the mad wasteland. Arguably, 2015’s Fury Road may be the best action movie ever made, with its straightforward yet deadly singular chase and incredible practical effects.
In contrast, Furiosa resembles a sprawling ancient Greek epic, divided into chapters over a 15-year span. It’s thematically rich storytelling, and it presents a deeply engaging narrative of revenge. There’s much more depth to the film than it’s given credit for. Additionally, Chris Hemsworth delivers a wild performance as the film’s antagonist, providing new insights into the villain from Fury Road. Overall, it’s beautiful literature in visual form.
3. Dune: Part Two
Recently, Christopher Nolan, the filmmaker behind Oppenheimer and The Dark Knight, compared the experience of watching Dune: Part Two to that of The Empire Strikes Back. While this may seem like a common comparison often made about successful sequels, few storytellers can build upon the foundation laid by their previous installment with such excitement and compelling, Shakespearean-like character arcs.
In this regard, Denis Villeneuve’s work manages to elevate the micro aspects of the story to a macro level through his artful framing and his willingness to adapt the source material to modern sensibilities. This is cinematic wizardry that is poised to be celebrated for many years to come.
In the action-packed neo-Western The Last Stop in Yuma County, a traveling knife salesman (Jim Cummings, pictured) finds himself stranded at a small-town diner when the only gas station within a hundred miles runs out of fuel. Tension escalates when two bank robbers (Richard Brake and Nicholas Logan) arrive at the diner during their getaway from a major heist, facing the same fuel shortage. As more people gather, hidden motives and darker sides begin to surface.
4. The Last Stop in Yuma County
It’s quite possible you haven’t felt this film’s sting, which is a shame because it’s a cleverly crafted and supremely engaging thriller that seamlessly balances restraint with big swings. The Last Stop in Yuma County, starring Jim Cummings, Jocelin Donahue and Richard Brake, revolves around a high-stakes hostage situation that keeps you on the edge, creating a fluctuating tightness in the stomach between laughter and intensity.
Writer-director Francis Galluppi is an artist to watch. This is a hell of a debut that serves as one of the year’s very best.
5. A Real Pain
Jesse Eisenberg’s A Real Pain is a story about the bittersweet relationship between two American Jewish cousins (Eisenberg and Kieran Culkin) who journey to Poland to visit the childhood home of their late grandmother. In just 90 minutes, Eisenberg crafts a profound narrative of characters navigating the complexities of adulthood and the loss of childhood innocence. One cousin finds comfort in his own identity, while the other struggles to fit in, constantly adapting to his surroundings.
It’s a story of growth and change, and how the affection we once received as children can be replaced in adulthood. A Real Pain is a deeply relatable and nuanced film, brought to life by powerful performances.
Anora, starring Mark Eydelshteyn and Mikey Madison, is one of the most talked-about films of the year. 
6. Anora
Recently crowned the Dallas-Fort Worth Film Critics Association‘s best picture winner, Anora is a whirlwind story featuring an exotic dancer, played by Mikey Madison, who marries the son of one of Russia’s wealthiest families. This union stirs chaos within the family, which is determined to annul the marriage.
Director Sean Baker (Red Rocket) has a talent for creating profoundly immersive films set in worlds that often go unnoticed. His ability to make audiences care deeply for the complex characters on screen showcases his skill as a storyteller. He knows exactly where to direct the camera and how to uncover the truth within his frames.
Anora contains incredible performances, plenty of laughs and deeply moving moments.
7. The Wild Robot
The Wild Robot is a remarkable portrayal of the sacrifices mothers make for their children and the scars they bear. After sitting through this strikingly animated film with my wife, crying together during scenes like watching the gosling protagonist, Brightbill (voiced by Heartstopper‘s Kit Connor), learning to fly, I felt so much admiration for my wife as a mother as well as all the moms in my life as I left the theater. Few films have the power to evoke such strong emotions, and The Wild Robot is a treasure trove of valuable life lessons for everyone.
What would American democracy look like in the hands of teenage girls? A political coming-of-age story and a stirring reimagination of what it means to govern, Girls State follows young female leaders — from wildly different backgrounds across Missouri — as they navigate an immersive experiment to build a government from the ground up.
8. Girls State
This year, many films have explored the chaos and division present in our times. Regardless of political perspectives, the documentary Girls State, a follow-up to 2020’s Boys State, is both compelling and heartwarming. It highlights young women participating in a weeklong program designed as a democratic laboratory.
Filmed shortly after the leak of the Roe v. Wade ruling, the participants confront new challenges, particularly the significant funding disparities between the girls’ and boys’ programs. These issues prompt meaningful discussions during their mock elections. But what really sets this documentary apart is the personal growth and genuine interactions captured on screen, making it a joy to watch.
Girls State reflects the future of democracy in a way that is both relevant and essential for understanding our current political climate.
9. Rebel Ridge
Filmmaker Jeremy Saulnier (Green Room) skillfully navigates the complexities of the world through his character-driven narratives, which never fall into the trap of becoming overly Hollywood productions. His stories feel authentic, and that authenticity is vividly present in his latest film, Rebel Ridge.
Featuring a commanding performance by Aaron Pierre (the new voice of Mufasa), Saulnier’s film delivers a gripping thriller that addresses themes of small-town corruption and the relentless pursuit of truth. It evokes a sense of nostalgia for the best works of Michael Mann, capturing a similar intensity and finesse.
David Howard Thornton as Art the Clown in the Christmas horror film Terrifier 3, a Cineverse release.
10. Terrifier 3Terrifier 3 is not a movie for everyone; it caters to those who have a taste for the most disturbing imagery ever captured on film. While the blood does flow freely and Art the Clown — the central terrorizer in the horror film series — displays a smile that can be likened to that of Buddy the Elf, it’s important to remember that this film exists in a realm far removed from our reality.
Essentially, Terrifier 3 is an adult cartoon set during the holidays, allowing for diabolical events to unfold without consequence. As viewers, you may become desensitized to the horror and even start to laugh at Art the Clown’s whimsical antics. Although this is meant to be a trilogy closer, we find ourselves in a transitional space, and I am genuinely excited about the direction this film series is taking.
11. The Fall Guy
Ryan Gosling and Emily Blunt’s action romance The Fall Guy didn’t exactly set the box office on fire when it opened at the start of summer, and that never made sense to me because the movie is a massive joy bomb.
Gosling plays a stuntman who agrees to search for the missing lead of a new Hollywood blockbuster directed by his former flame (Blunt). The two stars’ chemistry, which is not just on the charts but off the charts, adds a romantic spark to the film.
Director David Leitch (Bullet Train) injects all kinds of charm and laughs into this incredibly rewatchable love letter to the stunt community.
Cynthia Erivo, left, is Elphaba, and Ariana Grande is Glinda in Wicked, directed by Jon M. Chu.
12. Wicked
I’ve been lightly teased for falling for Jon M. Chu’s crowd-pleasing musical, but the heart wants what it wants. I truly believe that this soulful adaptation of the hit Broadway show deserves top recognition. It’s not just due to the outstanding performances by Cynthia Erivo and Ariana Grande as rival witches; it also sets a new standard for how musicals should be done. Erivo’s closing number, “Defying Gravity,” showcases her immense talent and dedication, sending genuine chills down my spine.
Parachute, A Different Man, Fresh Kills, Saturday Night, Challengers, Nosferatu, The Last Showgirl, Dìdi, The 4:30 Movie, Hit Man, Alien: Romulus and Dandelion

                            Your support helps us give you what you want to know in Denton County. A gift of as little as $5 makes a difference.
                        
PRESTON BARTA is a member of the{span} {/span}Critics Choice Association{span} {/span}and the Dallas-Fort Worth Film Critics Association. Read his work here and on{span} {/span}RottenTomatoes.com. Follow him on Instagram at{span} {/span}@bluraydad.
When the North Texas locations of the Alamo Drafthouse movie theaters abruptly closed their cinemas after the operating company declared bankruptcy in June of this year, news of the closures spread like wildfire.
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers:
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Your essential companion for starting the day in Denton. Delivered fresh to your inbox every morning, Wake Up gives you a curated snapshot of local news for the day, as well as the day’s e-edition and trending stories you may have missed.
Sign up for the Denton Record-Chronicle's absolutely free weekly newsletter highlighting winners and finalists from the 2024 Best of Denton awards.
Your weekly guide to surviving college and thriving in Denton. Find things to do, adulting tips, school advice, local news and more exclusive content in your inbox every Tuesday afternoon.
There's always something going on in Denton! Check out what's on the local events calendar and plan a fun weekend with friends, family or even solo.
Get your puzzle fix! Get a roundup of the 10+ puzzles and games available from the Denton Record-Chronicle for free. Classic crosswords, Sudoku and other brain-busters are new every day. Try Puzzmo, too, the latest in puzzles and word games with a Wordle vibe.
From minor traffic accidents to neighborhood watch updates, stay informed on public safety with the week’s top crime stories in your inbox every Wednesday morning.
Don’t miss out on breaking news in Denton, from weather and traffic to big events and important headlines.
Be the first to know the latest on new stores, restaurants and other businesses in Denton County so you can live better here.
Get the scoop on all the thrilling victories, nail-biting games and standout performances — straight from the sidelines of Denton-area high schools.
From touchdowns to buzzer-beaters, we bring you the highlights and updates from our hometown college teams. Get in-depth breakdowns of games, roster news, behind-the-scenes updates and more.
Prepare for the polls and stay informed on the candidates, issues and deadlines for Denton County’s key races.
Save money and find what you need with promotions from local businesses and special DRC offers.
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.