Manage your account
The “Wicked” movie is headed to theaters earlier than expected!
On July 1, it was announced that the film adaptation of the hit Broadway musical is now being released on Nov. 22.
“Good news! #WickedMovie is now coming to theaters November 22,” the film’s official Instagram wrote.
“Wicked” is being released in two parts. The first was originally scheduled to debut the day after Thanksgiving this year. The second part will arrive in 2025.
Cynthia Erivo and Ariana Grande lead the movie as the star witches Elphaba and Galinda, respectively.
Read on to learn more about the upcoming “Wicked” movie, including casting details and release dates.
Cynthia Erivo, who won a Tony and Grammy for her role in the Broadway revival of “The Color Purple,” stars as Elphaba, a young woman misunderstood because of her green skin.
Ariana Grande co-stars as Galinda, later Glinda the Good, who forges an unlikely friendship with Elphaba when they are both students at Shiz University in the Land of Oz.
Erivo and Grande were both elated when they learned they got cast in the new “Wicked” movie. In a YouTube video shared by Universal Pictures on May 13, the stars were seen crying when director Jon M. Chu told them they were going to be in the film.
Michelle Yeoh also stars in the upcoming film as Madame Morrible, the headmistress of Shiz University, and “Bridgerton” actor Jonathan Bailey stars as the Prince Fiyero.
Jeff Goldblum will tackle the role of the Wizard of Oz. While he comes across as a menacing character in the teaser trailer, Goldblum revealed that in real life, he was the one who felt intimidated on the set of “Wicked.”
“I shouldn’t talk about it, but I was shooting one day, and I found myself tearing up in fear, a childhood fear came back to me,” he said on “Jimmy Kimmel Live!” last March, explaining that growing up, he had had a nightmare involving a “very scary queen/witch.”
The upcoming adaptation will also feature newcomer Marissa Bode as Elphaba’s younger sister, Nessarose, and Tony nominee Ethan Slater as Nessarose’s love interest, Boq.
“Saturday Night Live” cast member Bowen Yang and “Harlots” star Bronwyn James will also appear as Galinda's friends, Pfannee and ShenShen.
The “Wicked” movie will also feature a new character created for the film, Miss Coddle, played by “The Greatest Showman” actor Keala Settle.
The upcoming cinematic treatment of “Wicked” is a two-film adaptation.
Part one of “Wicked” is set to come out Nov. 22. The second part is slated for Nov. 26, 2025, according to Deadline.
The full-length trailer for “Wicked” debuted May 15, giving fans a look at Grande and Erivo in the movie adaptation of the hit Broadway musical. A shorter, one-minute trailer for “Wicked” premiered during the Super Bowl on Feb. 11.
The stars have been teasing their “Wicked” performances on social media for a while now, but these trailers are the first chance to see Grande and Erivo in action as Glinda and Elphaba.
Both trailers preview Erivo’s haunting rendition of one of the musical’s best-known songs, “Defying Gravity,” which begins with the lyrics, “Something has changed within me … Something is not the same.”
“Defying Gravity” was first performed by Idina Menzel when the Broadway musical first opened in 2003, which in turn was a loose adaptation of Gregory Maguire’s 1995 novel, “Wicked: The Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the West.”
Grande’s rendition of another hit song from the musical, “Popular,” is also previewed in the full-length trailer. Glimpses of Yeoh as Madame Morrible and Goldblum as the sinister Wizard of Oz can also be seen.
Universal Pictures on May 29 released a Lego version of the full-length trailer in which the cast and setting are re-created using Lego animation.
In a March 21 interview with Vanity Fair, Grande and Erivo talked about their roles in the movie, and Grande said she wanted to play Glinda for years.
Grande playfully admitted to "stalking" the film's producer about the role, saying that it was "literally 10 years" of her asking about developments on the film or any upcoming auditions.
As for Erivo, she told Vanity Fair she “honestly didn’t believe” she’d “be seen” for the role of Elphaba. When she finally got the call to be in the film, Erivo said, “I was training like I was a boxer.”
Grande and Erivo sang each other's praises during their joint interview with Vanity Fair.
“I just need to say that I don’t think people realize that she’s got the chops,” Erivo said of Grande's singing skills. “I don’t think people realize how brilliant this person’s brain and voice and talent is.”
Grande returned the compliment.
“She’s my favorite female voice. When I was watching you sing at the Oscars, I said, ‘I hope someday I get to sing with her,'” the "Eternal Sunshine" singer said.
Grande and Erivo also talked about their time on set and said they were both impressed with each other's performances.
In one scene, Erivo sings "Defying Gravity," one of the movie's hit songs, while being hoisted into the air.
“She had a harness pulling and pushing and yanking and tugging on every nook and cranny that there is,” Grande explained.
However, Erivo said that Grande's numbers were also no easy task.
“I’m literally never going to forget you jumping on a chandelier over my head whilst singing,” Erivo said.
This article was originally published on TODAY.com