Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
The former Disney and Nickelodeon stars are suddenly serious contenders this awards season.

							By 

	Beatrice Verhoeven

Deputy Awards Editor

	A number of early 21st century cable stars put the latest notch on their increas- ingly crowded on their résumés Dec. 9 when the 2025 Golden Globe nominations were announced. Ariana Grande, Selena Gomez, Miley Cyrus and Zendaya all received nods for their work on some of the year’s biggest awards contenders. It was a full-circle moment for the Disney Channel vets (Gomez and Cyrus) and Nickelodeon alum (Grande), all three of whom became pop stars after their small-screen breakouts. And while we may not always think of her this way, Zendaya (Challengers) got her screen start on Disney Channel’s Shake It Up and has written and recorded music as well.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	Movies
			



	
		
					Far East Film Festival: Yihui Shao's Feminist Drama 'Her Story' Wins Top Prize		
			














	
	Movies
			



	
		
					Oscars Keep 2026 Date as L.A. Marathon Agrees to Reschedule to Avoid Conflict		
			








	“Surreal,” said Grande, shortly after learning about the honor. 



	The performer, who rose to fame after starring as Cat Valentine on Nickelodeon’s Victorious, received a best supporting actress nomination for her role as Glinda in Jon M. Chu’s adaptation of Wicked. She had dreamed about playing the good witch for more than two decades — even meeting original Broadway Glinda Kristin Chenoweth when she was about 10. 

Wicked has taken the movie world by storm, and fans have loved Grande’s iteration of the character. In the film, Glinda at times brings comic relief amid more heavy-hitting themes such as discrimination, representation and acceptance.

	“People tend to forget that often one of the leading rules of comedy is that we’re not playing the joke, we’re playing the truth, and that’s what will make it land,” Grande told THR in the post-nomination interview. “With Glinda, there’s a lot of dimension and there are a lot of fears and insecurities underneath the surface that you try your very best to make sure are present within the comedy. And of course the layers to the grief that she’s experiencing during ‘No One Mourns the Wicked,’ ” the musical’s opening number.

	She adds, “There’s a guilt for the ways in which [Glinda] feels complicit for what’s become of Elphaba. There’s disappointment because what would’ve happened if she stayed?” 

	Gomez, who became a teen idol starring on Disney Channel’s Wizards of Waverly Place, received two nominations, one for her work on Hulu comedy Only Murders in the Building and another for her performance as a cartel kingpin’s wife navigating an unusual situation in the Netflix musical drama Emilia Pérez. 

	










	Gomez already has had a stellar year in terms of awards recognition: The Emilia Pérez cast jointly accepted the best actress award at the Cannes Film Festival in May, and Gomez received a lead actress Emmy nomination earlier this year for her role in Only Murders (Jean Smart ended up winning for Hacks). THR’s Scott Feinberg has Gomez in the top five of his projected Oscar nominees in the supporting actress race (he also has Grande on the list).

	Cyrus, who became a household name by starring as the title character in Disney Channel’s signature Hannah Montana, was nominated at the Globes for original song. She co-wrote “Beautiful That Way” with Andrew Wyatt and Lykke Zachrisson for The Last Showgirl, Gia Coppola’s film about a veteran Vegas performer. 

	The drama stars Pamela Anderson, 57, who received her first-ever Golden Globe nom after more than three decades in the business.

	Cyrus was eager to give a breakout TV star of a previous era her due. In a statement following the nomination, she said, “It’s an honor to be nominated for best original song alongside my friends Andrew Wyatt and Lykke Li. Pamela is graciously sharing her moment with us. I am continuing to root for her. It’s so fun to watch her shine.” 

This story appeared in the Dec. 13 issue of The Hollywood Reporter magazine. Click here to subscribe.
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.