Ariana Grande once confessed she wanted to have dinner with serial killer Jeffrey Dahmer.
The Thank U, Next songstress recently confessed that it was her dream to share a meal with the necrophiliac murderer, as she was “infatuated” with killers when she was younger. Ariana appeared on the Podcrushed podcast, hosted by Penn Badgley – who stars in her new music video.
Penn is best known for playing serial killer Joe Goldberg in Netflix hit drama You, and Ariana was keen to discuss his role in more detail, confessing to him and co-hosts Nava Kavelin and Sophie Ansari: “I was infatuated with serial killers when I was younger.
READ MORE: 'No wonder Taylor Swift has to wee in a bucket – the Eras Tour almost killed me!'
READ MORE: Click for more brilliant Daily Star showbiz stories
“Years ago, before the Dahmer series, I was in a Q&A with young fans. With a parent, someone said, ‘If you could have dinner with anyone living or dead, who would it be?’ And I was like, ‘Oh, honey, you’re so cute. Um, mom and dad, is it okay if I give the real answer?’”
After seeking permission from the parents, Ariana confessed to her young fan: “Jeffrey Dahmer's pretty fascinating. I think I would have loved to have met him, maybe with like a third party or something. But I have questions. And the parents were like, ‘We’ll explain it later, sweetheart’.”
Dahmer confessed to murdering at least 17 people between 1978 and 1991. The sex offender killed and dismembered his male victims, before turning to necrophilia, cannibalism and the permanent preservation of his victims’ skeletons.
Dahmer was eventually sentenced to sixteen terms of life imprisonment in 1992, but was beaten to death by another inmate at the Columbia Correctional Institution in Wisconsin in November 1994. His mother fumed to press at the time: “Now is everybody happy? Now that he's bludgeoned to death, is that good enough for everyone?”
Meanwhile, the families of Dahmer’s victims also spoke out, with Catherine Lacy – mother to the late Oliver Lacy – remarking: “The hurt is worse now, because he's not suffering like we are.”
Want all the biggest Showbiz and TV news straight to your inbox? Sign up for our free Daily Star Showbiz newsletter.
Later on the podcast, Ariana left her fans speechless as her “voice changed”, going lower for a second before she went back to speaking in her normal high-pitched tone. One X user reacted: “This voice change is sending me! Regular Ariana was coming out for a second.”
Someone else said: “She has issues because what… she just changed her entire voice and demeanour in a second??” while another agreed: “Acting/singing really is a full time job, must feet insane having to monitor your voice like this 24/7 because it’s your job.”
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.