Ariana Grande is breaking her three-year solo music hiatus with the announcement of a new single.
The Grammy-winning artist, who last released an album in 2020 with "Positions," surprised fans Sunday by revealing that her new track "Yes, And?" will be released as a single on Friday.
In an Instagram post, Grande wrote, "yes, and? [heart emoji] 1.12," confirming the release date for the much-anticipated single.
Grande also shared the cover art and encouraged her fans to pre-order the song.
The cover art is a blurry close-up of Grande's face, showing the "Thank U, Next" singer sporting bright red lipstick.
🚨 Ariana Grande announces new single “yes, and?” out this Friday, January 12th. pic.twitter.com/eTMIQblhOe
The 30-year-old pop sensation previously hinted that she's ready to enter a new musical era by deleting all the photos from her Instagram account for her 2018 album, "Sweetener."
Arianators, as Grande's fans are known, expressed their excitement and joy in the comments, celebrating her return to the music scene.
"Mother is home," one Instagram user commented, while another wrote, "Can't wait!"
Joan Grande, the singer's mother, joined in the enthusiasm, leaving a sweet comment expressing her excitement for the release.
According to screenshots obtained by fans, the "Dangerous Woman's" previous collaborator, Nicki Minaj, also left a comment on her post, writing: "Queen. We are ready."
Nicki Minaj supports Ariana Grande’s musical return on Instagram— “Queen We are ready” pic.twitter.com/RvmpsrhfGD
Republic Records, Grande's label, also shared the news on Instagram, writing that it is "so excited" for her follow-up to "Positions."
In response, Grande left a series of emojis on the post, potentially hinting at the upcoming song's lyrics with mending, red and anatomical heart emojis.
The singer first teased that a new album was on the way on Dec. 7 by sharing glimpses of her in a recording studio.
Grande also posted muted clips of her singing and collaborating with songwriters and producers.
Grande's Sunday announcement comes days after her outing with her beau, Ethan Slater, in New York City made headlines.
The pair were joined by her father, Ed Butera, for dinner at the Grande family's "favorite Italian restaurant," an unnamed insider told Page Six.
Ariana Grande and boyfriend Ethan Slater spotted on rare outing in NYC during dinner date with her dad https://t.co/Sp7Qk8GI0H pic.twitter.com/qtNFBb9mpq
Reports that the "Wicked" co-stars were dating surfaced in July 2023.At the time, Grande was separated from her now ex-husband Dalton Gomez, while Slater had filed for divorce from his now ex-wife, Lilly Jay.The singer filed for divorce from Gomez in September last year.Last week, Grande reflected on a "transformative" year and addressed misunderstandings and "assumptions" in an Instagram Story."I have never felt more pride of joy or live while simultaneously feeling so deeply misunderstood by people who don't know me, who piece whispers together and make what they want out of me and their assumptions of my life," Grande wrote.Despite feeling deeply misunderstood, Grande expressed gratitude for the support and understanding from friends, family and fans and said she would only be "reacting to things" deserving of her energy moving forward.