ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
THE VOICE — Battle Rounds Episode 2107 — Pictured: Ariana Grande. Ariana Grande's "The Boy is Mine" ... More jumps into the top 40 for the first time on the U.K. songs chart following the release of a remix with Brandy and Monica. (Photo by: Trae Patton/NBC/NBCU Photo Bank via Getty Images)
Ariana Grande has been on a winning streak all year all around the world. The pop superstar is fitting in an entire album campaign in before she begins properly promoting the movie Wicked, which is set to arrive in theaters later this year. The singer earns a new smash this week in the U.K. as her latest single rises to an important spot.
"The Boy is Mine" rockets up the U.K. songs chart this frame. The tune sings its way from No. 64 to No. 39, hitting a new high in the process.
Grande earns her milestone thirty-fifth top 40 smash in the U.K. this week. "The Boy is Mine" marks her fourth placement this year in the competitive tier that typically defines when a charting track becomes a proper hit.
"The Boy is Mine" is surging for several reasons. The song was recently selected as a single from Grande’s latest full-length, Eternal Sunshine. Any time a tune by a power player in the music industry moves from album cut to single status, fans flock to it, and the title usually stands a good chance of rising the ranks.
Grande also recently dropped a remix version of "The Boy is Mine" that is aiding its ascent. The new cut features Brandy and Monica, who scored one of the biggest hits of the ‘90s with their smash of the same name. Grande has been very vocal about her love of that tune, and the fact that it’s inspired her—especially to release her own song with the title.
Brandy and Monica were featured in the music video for "The Boy is Mine," and now they’re on a track together again. While the re-release and their involvement surely played a huge role in making the single a top 40 hit in the U.K., they’re not officially credited—at least not in that country. Since the cut was already present on the weekly tallies, no changes will be made to the artists who are named on the title.
As "The Boy is Mine" grows, Grande’s previous single is on its way down. This week, "We Can’t Be Friends (Wait For Your Love)" backtracks from No. 62 to No. 75 on the U.K. songs chart. The tune peaked at No. 2 during its initial promotional run, narrowly missing out on becoming another champion for the superstar.