August 30 marked the end of Grammys eligibility, so all the music that will be eligible for awards has already been released. Where, then, do our Grammy predictions stand for Album of the Year? More than 2,000 music fans have placed their bets here in our predictions center. Those bets have been combined to generate our official racetrack odds. And the top category doesn't get much closer than this.
Taylor Swift is the current front-runner for "The Tortured Poets Department," followed by Beyonce in second place with "Cowboy Carter" and Billie Eilish in third with "Hit Me Hard and Soft." But it's so close between the three leaders that they're pretty much dead even, all with 11/2 odds. We know how much the Grammys adore all three of these women. Swift has won Album of the Year a record four times (including just this past year for "Midnights"). Beyonce is the most awarded individual in history with 32 career trophies. And Eilish has won Album of the Year as well as two statues apiece for Record of the Year and Song of the Year.
Swift may be disadvantaged, though, by the fact that she literally just won, and despite "Tortured Poets" becoming her longest-running number-one album ever, its reviews were less enthusiastic than she received for her last two AOTY champs "Midnights" or "Folklore." Meanwhile, Beyonce has been afflicted by a strange bias: she wins constantly in genre categories, but voters have never liked her enough to give her the top prize despite adoring reviews and consistent commercial success. As for Eilish, "Hit Me Hard and Soft" has achieved some of her best reviews and best commercial figures, but it hasn't quite grabbed hold of pop culture the way her winning album "When We All Fall Asleep, Where Do We Go?" did.
So I'd watch out for Chappell Roan's "The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess," which has been a pop culture phenomenon in 2024 -- or a "Femininomenon," as she might say. She ranks fourth in our AOTY odds. The critically acclaimed "Only God Was Above Us" by previous AOTY nominees Vampire Weekend follows at number-five. Ariana Grande's "Eternal Sunshine" is at number-six. Charli XCX's summer smash "Brat" is placed seventh. And rounding out our predictions for AOTY nominations is past winner Kacey Musgraves with "Deeper Well."
So while Swift's "Tortured Poets" is ostensibly out front, I don't think there is any one clear favorite in this year's race, which could swing any number of ways. That will only increase your bragging rights if you're the one who gets it correct. Make or update your predictions here.
Id love to see Taylor Swift win. She’s a fantastic artist and she’s talented. Beyonce album was awful. She doesn’t deserve to be nominated.
Taylor’s new album is trash
Taylor Swift. Love her music. Billie, yes. Beyonce was terrible album
How can anyone say Beyoncé’s album should be with other two. Only one hit off of it. It was terrible . Billies album was ok . Swifts I had to listen to several times to get a lot of it.
So is Beyonce’s.
I so agree. Don’t even know how she go nominated.
I’m excited to think that COWBOY CARTER may finally earn Beyoncé a long overdue AOTY. She usually ends up being the most nominated and the most awarded of the night the years she releases music.
Beyonce I think it’s her time
100% – Cowboy Carter has the critical acclaim, commercial success and cultural impact to win. I think with so many pop acts potential being nominated, it can end up taking AOTY and it will be well deserved.
Taylor Swift album is great.  I listen to the album / vinyl to
earn it’s greatness,then. It never goes away. It’s fantastic.
Let’s not go with popularity here. Listen to the albums as a whole. Eternal sunshine is amazing from Starr to finish. Chappel Roan amazing vocals and songwriting. Charli XCX this album is the album of the summer!!!!  Taylor has commercial success but its brand. Let’s not overlook Sabrina!!!
I think there is a slight chance TTPD may miss – it wasn’t well received critically as her Covid albums or recent re-releases. She’s in a high commercial stage right now and it worked for Midnights but not sure about this year. Academy voters may be over her writing about not being can to keep a man.
It’s going to be hilarious to see the outcry when Beyonce loses to Taylor again, but it will be completely justified.  There’s honestly no comparison… Beyonce’s Jolene cover was atrocious.  TTPD not only has the sales to back it up, but it’s the work of an artist.  Guilty as Sin, Clara Bow, LOML, The Smallest Man Who Ever Lived, alongside the #1 hit Fortnight and the bangers Down Bad, But Daddy I Love Him and Who’s Afraid…. she outdid herself. 
I actually think the spoilers for album are Hozier and Sabrina Carpenter.  I can see Too Sweet taking Song and Record of the Year.
I so agree. Beyonce only came up with it to try and outdo Taylor. So time for her to have a seat.
I’m not a fan of either artists. It has just become a popularity contest. Because not one of Taylor, Beyonce nor Billie’s albums had an impact on my life. It’s just about who’s popular and who has the bigger fan base at this point. It’s no reason to have this conversation. There are PLENTY of artists who are just as talented as these three if not more talented, but because of their “popularity” they get to run the charts & everything else. Gone are the days when people awarded actual ART & not popularity. SMH
Neither Taylor or Beyoncé should be nominated in Album of the year imo. They may be bigger sellers but an impact itself hasn’t being nor are great in anyway like their past records. There are way better albums by Chris Stapleton, Zach Bryan and many others that should be beating on instead of the ones that are only in the conversation for being who they are. The true battle should be on the ones that not only have critical acclaim but an impact, and those are Brat by Charli xcx, TRAFOM by Chappell Roan and Billie’ HMHAS. Between them are the true winner.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…
Take a trip back to the Academy Awards ceremonies of the recent past with Gold Derby’s Oscars Playback series. Hosts Joyce Eng and Christopher Rosen recap every Oscar ceremony of the 1990s and 2000s. Joyce and Chris tackle the highs and lows of each show and see how the winners aged. It’s a wonderful night for Oscar, whenever you watch!

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media