The queen of Halloween returns 🎃
The Kardashian/Jenner family are masters when it comes to nailing the Halloween costume every year. From that time they all dressed up as Victoria Secret Angels, to Kourtney transforming into Ariana Grande, to Kim's iconic Legally Blonde look, they now how to do Halloween right. 
However, now it appears we need to give the Halloween crown over to the youngest member of the family, Kylie. The 27-year-old just posed completely nude to celebrate spooky season, and honestly you are not ready. 
The makeup-mogul posed completely nude with her legs crossed and her arms covering her boobs, while posing as Demi Moore's character Erin Grant from the 1996 movie Striptease. In the original movie Demi plays Erin, a stripper who used to work as an FBI secretary, and is now caught up in a custody battle with her ex-husband over her child. 
And for Halloween Kylie recreated the iconic poster from the movie, posing exactly the same as Demi and sharing the image on her Instagram grid.  
See the image here: 
Kylie simply captioned the post with the name of the movie and since sharing the photo on Instagram, her comment section has been flooded with fans praising the Halloween look.
"Ended all of us w these Halloween weeks. U went all out," one person commented. While another said, "Halloween queen is back" and another said, "someone help me breathe omg." Yep, us too.
Also showing support for the iconic look was Kylie's older sister Khloé, 40, who wrote underneath the post: "Damnnnnnn."
Kylie's post is just the latest Halloween look she's sported this year. Already this week we've seen Kylie dress up in two different costumes inspired by the 1968 film Barbarella. The first saw her in a white ripped dress complete with a chainmail top and OTT blonde hair.
The second look, which was posted yesterday (30th October), saw Kylie wearing a black and white fluffy bodysuit complete with at least a metre length tail. 
With at least three Halloween looks so far, is it too much ask we get a matching one with Timothée Chalamet next time? 
The most revealing Met Gala naked dresses *ever*
Nicola Peltz is totally naked in steamy shower pic
Maya serves sexy underboob in bikini beach snaps
EmRata frees the nip in seriously plunging top
Robert Irwin strips down in reptile themed shoot
Oh this? Just Bad Bunny topless in his Calvins
Amelia Gray is hotter than heatwave in nude pic
Caggie Dunlop announces pregnancy with naked pic
Julia Fox just posed nude on the subway 
Ashley Graham looks fire in topless photo
Lisa Rinna celebrates NYE *completely* nude
Merry Xmas! Here's a naked Paris Hilton...
Cosmopolitan, Part of the Hearst UK Fashion & Beauty Network
Cosmopolitan participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England 112955. All Rights Reserved.