Thanksgiving is one of the biggest holidays in the country. The entertainment industry knows this, using the long weekend when many travel home to visit their family members as the perfect opportunity for some movie theater magic, ensuring that some of the year's biggest titles are available to watch on the big screen. 
This year, there are plenty of films that can satisfy all kinds of viewers, whether they're looking for an adaptation of a revered musical, a Roman epic, or an animated and family-friendly movie.
"Wicked: Part 1" is arguably one of the year's biggest films. The musical based on the Broadway phenomenon of the same name stars Cynthia Erivo and Ariana Grande as the witches Elphaba and Glinda. The film follows the blossoming of their friendship and the years they spend together in school, long before Elphaba becomes the terrifying Wicked Witch of the West.
"Gladiator 2" is also streaming. The film, starring a stacked cast made up of Paul Mescal, Denzel Washington, Pedro Pascal, Joseph Quinn, and more, is the sequel to the award-winning "Gladiator," starring Russell Crowe. The sequel follows Lucius, a former warrior turned Gladiator, who fights for vengeance and the promise of his freedom in the arena. 
"Moana 2" will be released in theaters on November 27, continuing the story of Moana and her God companion Maui. It's voiced by the stars of the original film, Auli'i Cravalho and Dwayne Johnson. 
Starring Chris Evans and Dwayne Johnson, "Red One" follows the Christmas Eve team-up between the head of North Pole security and a notorious hacker, as the two try to rescue a kidnapped Santa Claus on their busiest day of the year. 
The third and last film of the "Venom" trilogy is available in theaters. Starring Tom Hardy, the film follows reporter Eddy Brock and his alter ego Venom, as enemies from various worlds chase them. 
There are also a couple of fun horror movies available to watch, including "Smile 2," the best of the bunch. The film follows Skye Riley, a pop star who's preparing her comeback following a public meltdown and a grueling car accident that left her injured. As she tries to rebuild her career, Skye is faced with an evil entity that's out to get her, messing with her head and forcing her to see terrifying smiles on the faces of strangers. 
"Heretic" is also in theaters. Starring Hugh Grant, the film follows two missionaries from the Church of Latter-Day Saints who try to convert a man, only to discover that he's incredibly dangerous. 
Lastly, "Conclave" is still in theaters. The drama, starring Ralph Fiennes, Isabella Rossellini, John Lithgow, and Stanley Tucci, follows the church's conclave following the death of the Pope. It's a surprisingly tense thriller, filled with scheming, gossiping, and all manner of gasp-inducing twists and turns, all in the backdrop of the Vatican. 
© ¡HOLA! Reproduction of this article and its photographs in whole or in part is prohibited, even when citing their source.