Daily Mail journalists select and curate the products that feature on our site. If you make a purchase via links on this page we will earn commission - learn more
By LAYLA TURNER FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  08:21, 11 October 2024   |  Updated:  08:21, 11 October 2024   
In a collaboration that will excite both theatre lovers and beauty buffs, leading nail brand OPI have launched a 12-strong collection of nail polishes.
Inspired by the upcoming big screen adaptation of Wicked, starring Ariana Grande and set to hit theatres on the 22 November, this collection is already set for fame. And the best news? It contains the most perfect shade of red for the autumn months.
For salon-quality nails without the price tag, it simply has to be OPI. Pre-cured technology delivers up to 11 days of gel-like polish to your fingertips without the need for a curing lamp, plus, it boasts a high-shine finish and extra durability. 
Thrillifying! is your new favourite shade for autumn, inspired by upcoming movie Wicked. Whether you're a fan of the production or have been keeping an eye out for the perfect red, this is a shade you absolutely need in your collection. 
We predict the Thrillifying! shade will be a huge hit throughout the autumn and winter months
Chocolate browns, dark greens and candy apple reds have always been a fail-safe seasonal option, but if you’re anywhere near as fussy as we are about what goes on our nails, it can be difficult to find a colour that’s just right.
Designed in collaboration with Wicked’s hair and makeup artist, plus costume and set designers, the range has been created to reflect a number of theme’s from the beloved production.
Leading nail brand OPI’s Wicked collection contains something for everyone, including an advent calendar for those who change their nail shade more often than you can count, as well as a range of spellbinding shades - and even a glow-in-the-dark nail topper (that’s so totally Elphaba).
But what caught our attention the most was Thrillifying!, a daringly bold shade of red that we can’t wait to wear all autumn long.
Described by the brand as ‘bold and bewitching’, the ultra-flattering and wearable red hue boasts an infinite shine finish and pre-cured gel technology that deliver up to 11 days of gel-like wear.
If you’re fed up of expensive trips to the nail salon or simply want to have the freedom to change your nails more frequently, we can’t recommend this enough. The formula ‘locks’ onto nails for extra durability, and the wide brush hugs nails for a smooth and even finish from the comfort of your own home.
Plus, it’s quick and easy to remove, too: the formula easily unlocks with acetone for damage-free removal that doesn’t burn a hole in your purse (or your nails, for that matter).
The range has been inspired by Wicked's iconic characters, Elphaba and Glinda
For the best results, the brand recommends applying one coat of Infinite Shine Gel-Like Base Coat to clean, prepped nails.
Then, apply two thin coats of Thrillifying! To each nail, ensuring you brush some polish on the free edge to help prevent chipping. Follow this up with one coat of Infinite Shine Gel-Like Top Coat for salon-worthy nails that last for days and days.
Although red for winter is by no means a new trend, it doesn’t seem to be going anywhere anytime soon, spotted on the likes of Zendaya, Selena Gomez and Cardi B in recent months.
Whether you’re on the hunt for the perfect red or simply want to get your nails Wicked ready (we can’t wait to see Ariana as Glinda), Thrillifying! Is a totally timeless shade that’s well worthy of a spot in your polish collection.
Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
SHOPPING - Contains affiliated content. Products featured here are selected by our shopping team. If you make a purchase using links on this page, DailyMail.com will earn an affiliate commission.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group