23rd May 2024Words: Daisy Carter 
Little Mix’s Leigh-Anne has confirmed that her debut solo EP, entitled ‘No Hard Feelings’, will arrive on 31st May via Warner Records UK. 
Written alongside Khris Riddick (SZA, Ariana Grande), Danja (Britney Spears, MIA, Mariah Carey) and Tayla Parx (Ariana Grande, Justin Bieber, Normani), the five-track project is set to include her recently released tracks ‘Stealin’ Love’ and ‘Forbidden Fruit’, and follows on from last year’s breakout solo singles ‘Don’t Say Love’ and ‘My Love’. 
Thematically, ‘No Hard Feelings’ will explore various vignettes of love and relationships, while musically it promises a blend of Leigh-Anne’s Bajan and Jamaican heritage with contemporary R&B. Speaking about the project, she has shared: “I’ve been writing & recording so much working on my album but while making it, I’ve made a collection of songs that fit together in their own world.” 
You can listen to recent EP cut ‘Stealin’ Love’ and revisit our 2021 In Deep digital cover interview with Little Mix below. 
Ten years into the game, Little Mix are still at the peak of their creative powers. On the eve of their greatest hits, they talk pop, pressures and the perks of pissing off politicians.
‘No Hard Feelings’ tracklist:1. Stealin Love2. Forbidden Fruit 3. OMG 4. Anticipate 5. I’ll Still Be Here


Tags:
News, Leigh-Anne

 Festivals
The Portuguese festival celebrated their birthday with fireworks, football and ferris wheels galore.
 26th June 2024
 On sale soon
The now-solo star’s debut EP, ​‘No Hard Feelings’, is out now.
 12th June 2024
 Listen now
It’s the first to be taken from an upcoming new collection of songs.
 28th March 2024
 Listen now
Leigh-Anne shares second solo single, ​‘My Love’ 
The new track sees the former Little Mixer team up with rising singer Ayra Starr.
 11th September 2023
Get the best of DIY to your inbox each week.
Latest Issue
April 2025
With Djo, Lucy Dacus, Sunflower Bean, Black Country, New Road and more
Read Now
Buy Now
Subscribe to DIY
Advertise with DIY
↑ Back to the top