Newark mayor's poem underscores Americana theme of Cowboy Carter tour
The controversial rapper's newly released music project is a sequel to his 2021 "Donda" album.

State funding for Latino Action Network, which provides grants to run six women's centers, may be cut by 80%, impacting its ability to support them.
Cure4Camden and Newark Community Street Team are among the organizations impacted by federal funding cuts
The Rev. Bolivar Flores will work with Sharpton's nonprofit civil rights organizatio to address growing concerns within the Latino community.

The mostly-Black female unit,  recognized for its vital wartime contributions, sorted a 17 million mail backlog in three months and was recognized for its vital wartime contributions.
The initiative aims to enhance public safety by providing first responders with crucial information during emergencies.

Experts say it may take time for young voters to develop voting habits despite the change, allowing 16- and 17-year-olds to cast ballots.


Over 20 years after it was published the book still resonates with people state and nationwide. 
Commissioner warns $100 million reduction would force the department to abandon prevention efforts and return to basic surveillance and foster care.


The Hudson County man died in the 2023 shooting, authorities said. 
Tina Knowles had breast cancer. Now, she's urging women not to skip their routine mammogram appointments. 
Mosaic Archives
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices