This article is part of Gizmodo Deals, produced separately from the editorial team.
      We may earn a commission when you buy through links on the site.
    
With the holidays coming up, many of us are heading to spend long days with our big families and might be looking for something to do. You want the perfect party game to break out to make this year’s gathering memorable. Just Dance 2025 Edition can have family member of all ages up and off the couch playing together, dancing to chart-topping hits instead of arguing about politics. Some great news: Black Friday deals have started pouring in early so you can actually get it on sale. Amazon has the new Nintendo Switch game for 50% off. That brings the price down from $50 to just $25.
See at Amazon
The Just Dance series of rhythm games has been going strong since the Wii era. After first launching in 2009, we’ve been consistently getting new entries every year. It still hits. Each collection is packed with pop party anthems, all-time classics, viral internet phenomena, and more. Included in the 2025 edition, we have hits like “Espresso” by Sabrina Carpenter, “Lunch” by Billie Eilish, “Poker Face” by Lady Gaga, and “Unstoppable” by Sia. there is also an exclusive Ariana Grande song pack you will receive including her latest hits like “we can’t be friends (wait for your love)”, “yes, and?”, and “the boy is mine”.
If you’ve owned some of the previous entries like Just Dance Edition 2024 and Just Dance Edition 2023, you can enjoy all your content across all the games, together in one place. Plus if you’re playing online with friends, regardless of the year entry they are playing on, you’ll be connected to the same platform. You can also subscribe to Just Dance+ to access hundreds of more songs with special in-game events. You’ll be granted your first month free, included with the game.
Not only does the Just Dance series make for a good party game to break out when you have company over, it’s also a great way to get a workout in daily. You can start your own fitness routine and exercise while having fun with Workout Mode.
The game ships as a box with just the game code with no game card or disc. You can then download the title to your Nintendo Switch when connected to the internet.
Right now, ahead of Black Friday, you can save 50% on Just Dance Edition 2025 for the Nintendo Switch. That brings the price down to just $25 for a limited time. Get it now so you can bust it out at your next holiday party.
See at Amazon

          Get the best tech, science, and culture news in your inbox daily.
        

          News from the future, delivered to your present.
        

      Please select your desired newsletters and submit your email to upgrade your inbox.
    
We may earn a commission when you buy through links on our sites.
©2025 GIZMODO USA LLC. All rights reserved.
Mode

                Follow us
              
Mode

                Follow us