Rumors swirled that I Know What You Did Last Summer would pull a Halloween and ignore its sequel.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

The horror genre has a way of making tons of money at the box office, and it continues to be a powerful force in the entertainment industry. And some of the best horror movies have returned with new sequels as the horror renaissance continues. Case in point: the developing I Know What You Did Last Summer sequel. After chatter online, the upcoming horror movie's director has clarified a big deal about the project.
Fans are eager for any information about the new I Know What You Did Last Summer movie, particularly if/when Jennifer Love Hewitt and Freddie Prinze Jr. will officially sign on. A rumor circulating online was that the upcoming slasher will completely ignore the movie's sequel I Still Know What You Did Last Summer. The chatter got loud enough that director Jennifer Kaytin Robinson shut it down on Twitter, posting:
it is definitely not? ISKWYDLS is cannon 🫶🏻 hope this helps https://t.co/paS4GQVN4zJuly 31, 2024
Do you hear that sound? It's longtime fans of the franchise letting out a sigh of relief. Because I Still Know won't be retconned for the next movie, allowing that wild massacre to influence its story. And that also means that the door may be open for Brandy to return as reprise her role as Julie's college roommate Karla. Fingers (and knives) crossed.
In the 1998 sequel, Brandy played fan favorite character Karla. While she had some scares and injuries, she managed to survive The Fisherman's attack. And it would be awesome seeing the Cinderella actress back in that role as another legacy character for the developing I Know What You Did Last Summer sequel.
Jennifer Kaytin Robinson is a self-proclaimed fan of the slasher franchise, so the new installment is in good hands. And the fact that she's already dismissing rumors online is no doubt going to thrill the hardcore fandom. It also doesn't hurt that writer Jeff Howard is contributing to the screenplay, especially after his acclaimed work on Mike Flanagan projects like Midnight Mass, The Haunting of Hill House, and Gerald's Game.
While fans assume that Hewitt and Prinze will be back for the new I Know What You Did Last Summer, they haven't officially signed on the dotted line at the point of writing this story. But the pair of '90s icons both seem down to clown, and have been sharing excitement over the prospect.
With I Still Know remaining canon, smart money says fan calls for Brandy's inclusion will get louder. The iconic pop singer/actress has been on our screens a number of times lately, including roles in Descendants: The Rise of Red (which can be streamed with a Disney+ subscription), the holiday flick Best. Christmas. Ever! and a cameo in Ariana Grande's latest video (plus a killer remix with Monica).
Your Daily Blend of Entertainment News
I Know What You Did Last Summer's sequel is currently expected to arrive in theaters on July 18th, 2025, so development will likely have to pickup pace soon. In the meantime, check out the 2025 movie release dates.
Corey was born and raised in New Jersey. Graduated with degrees theater and literature from Ramapo College of New Jersey. After working in administrative theater for a year in New York, he started as the Weekend Editor at CinemaBlend. He's since been able to work himself up to reviews, phoners, and press junkets-- and is now able to appear on camera with some of his favorite actors... just not as he would have predicted as a kid. He's particularly proud of covering horror franchises like Scream and Halloween, as well as movie musicals like West Side Story. Favorite interviews include Steven Spielberg, Spike Lee, Jamie Lee Curtis, and more. 
I Was Wondering What Was Going On With Sebastian Stan Cutting Off All His Hair, And He's Finally Illuminated Us
After Netflix’s CEO Called Theatrical Movie Releases An ‘Outdated Concept,’ Knives Out 3 Director Rian Johnson Weighed In
I'm Still Thinking About Alex Garland's Warfare Three Weeks Later. A Few Things Really Stuck With Me

Cinemablend is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.