ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA - FEBRUARY 05: Beyoncé accepts the Best Dance/Electronic Music Album award ... More for “Renaissance” onstage during the 65th GRAMMY Awards at Crypto.com Arena on February 05, 2023 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Kevin Winter/Getty Images for The Recording Academy)
Beyoncé’s new singles have been selling incredibly well ever since they were first released nearly a week ago after the Super Bowl. The singer’s latest are still top performers, even as she faces new competition from several other female pop superstars.
Currently, Beyoncé remains at No. 1 on iTunes’ U.S. chart. Her new single “Texas Hold ‘Em” is steady in first place on the ranking of the bestselling tunes in America–at least on that one platform.
It’s not odd to see Beyoncé rule this specific ranking, as she regularly sells well when she has something new to deliver. Two factors make her current performance laudable: first, that she’s been on top as long as she has–several days in a row–and second, that she’s now up against several other pop favorites, who—so far—have not been able to unseat her.
Many major new releases come out on Friday, as it’s the beginning of the tracking week, in regards to the Billboard charts. Currently, there are two new entrants inside the top 10 on the U.S. iTunes chart from pop stars looking to score another bestseller–but even they haven’t bested Beyoncé.
New at No. 2 on the iTunes ranking is the just-released “Yes, And?” remix. Ariana Grande scored a big win with her comeback single just a few weeks ago, when the song bolted to No. 1 both on the sales platform, and then on several Billboard charts, including the Hot 100. On Friday, she dropped a new version of the tune, this time with Mariah Carey in tow, which fans have flocked to hear and buy.
Also new to the top 10 on iTunes is “Training Season” by Dua Lipa. The second single from her forthcoming album arrived late on Thursday, and quickly became a sales win. The tune is presently sitting at No. 6 on the ranking, and it could climb.
Beyoncé doesn’t just sit at No. 1 on iTunes, though–her domination is much more impressive than that. At the time of writing, she owns 60% of all the spaces inside the top 10 on the chart. Five of those are versions of “Texas Hold ‘Em,” including clean, a cappella, and instrumental editions. The singer’s other new release, “16 Carriages,” is also going strong inside the highest tier as well.