Mariah Carey, who has 19 No. 1 hits on the Billboard Hot 100 to her name and is just one chart-topper away from matching The Beatles’ all-time record of 20, features on a new remix to Ariana Grande’s latest single “yes, and,” which already spent a week atop the Hot 100.
Mariah Carey has the second most Hot 100 No. 1 songs, with 19. (Photo by Kevin Winter/Getty Images ... More for The Recording Academy)
Grande released the “yes, and” remix featuring Carey on Friday, days after Grande had announced the collaboration and called Carey the “queen of my heart and lifelong inspiration.”
The solo version of “yes, and,” which dropped in January, had already hit No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 in its first week.
The remixed track quickly rose to No. 2 on the U.S. iTunes chart in its first day, and a lyric video for the new song is trending on YouTube.
If the song makes its way to the top of the Billboard Hot 100 again, it would be Carey’s 20th No. 1 hit, tying her with the Beatles for the most No. 1 songs in the Hot 100’s 66-year chart history.
Carey’s last No. 1 hit was “All I Want For Christmas Is You,” which first hit No. 1 in 2019 (and every holiday season since then), though the majority of her chart-toppers are from the 1990s.
Per Billboard chart rules, the original version and remixes of a song will be combined under one entry for chart purposes unless the remixed song bears no resemblance to the original, based on lyrics and melody—and whichever version contributes more to the song’s overall performance is credited on the chart.
93. That’s how many total weeks Carey has spent at the top of the Billboard Hot 100, the most of any artist and 34 weeks longer than The Beatles, who have spent 59 weeks atop the chart. Several of Carey’s chart-toppers are among the longest-running Hot 100 No. 1 hits of all time: “One Sweet Day” featuring Boyz II Men reigned for 16 weeks, and “We Belong Together” and “All I Want For Christmas is You” have topped the chart for 14 weeks each.
“In my mind, I’m not trying to compete with The Beatles,” Carey told Jimmy Kimmel in November after he asked her about potentially tying their record as her Christmas hit, “All I Want For Christmas is You,” continued its annual chart dominance.
Dropping a remix to an already-released song has helped many artists push their songs to No. 1 on the Billboard charts in recent years. Grande herself has been a part of several of these efforts: She featured on the remixes to “Save Your Tears” in 2021 and “Die For You” in 2023, both originally solo songs by The Weeknd. Both songs went No. 1 on the Hot 100 after the remixes dropped. Doja Cat’s TikTok-viral hit “Say So” had stalled in the top 10 of the Hot 100 in 2020, but finally leapt to the top spot after she released a remix featuring Nicki Minaj. That same month, Megan Thee Stallion’s “Savage,” which also went viral thanks to a dance on TikTok, topped the Hot 100 after Beyoncé joined her on a remix. Carey has also benefited from several remixes throughout the 1990s: Billboard reported remixes helped lift her songs “Fantasy,” “Honey,” “Heartbreaker” and “Thank God I Found You” to No. 1 on the Hot 100.
Remixes can boost a song’s streams and chart performance, but the featured artist won’t be credited on the charts if it doesn’t account for most of the song’s overall consumption during the tracking week. Billie Eilish enlisted Justin Bieber for a remix of “Bad Guy” in 2019, but when the song finally hit No. 1 a month later, Billboard reported the remix was not a big factor in its chart performance and Bieber was not credited with the No. 1. Similarly, Lizzo and Dua Lipa both released remixes of their hits “Truth Hurts” and “Levitating,” both of which featured rapper DaBaby. “Truth Hurts” eventually hit No. 1 in 2019—but DaBaby was not credited. “Levitating” peaked at No. 2 in 2021 and DaBaby’s credit was dropped from the charts after the solo version began to outperform the remix.
A History of Remixes Affecting the Top of the Billboard Hot 100, From Mariah Carey to Lil Nas X (Billboard)
Artists With the Most No. 1 Songs on the Hot 100, From The Beatles to Rihanna & More (Billboard)
Ariana Grande & Mariah Carey Deliver A Diva’s Dream With New ‘Yes, And?’ Remix: Stream It Now (Billboard)