Ariana Grande and Cynthia Erivo are continuing their streak of Wicked method dressing. Throughout the year, both stars have been paying homage to their forthcoming Jon M. Chu film by stepping out in character on the red carpet—Grande wearing various shades of Glinda pink, and Erivo hues of Elphaba green. This was also the case last evening at the 2024 Academy Museum Gala, where Grande and Erivo stepped out in their most glamorously wicked looks yet. (Cue: “Defying Gravity.”)
Sure, Grande’s white and black polka-dotted Balmain gown wasn’t exactly Glinda pink—but the frothy, princess-like silhouette was just the kind of thing that her forthcoming screen character would wear to a big Hollywood bash. The sweet bow and full skirt felt retro, yet still current.
Erivo, meanwhile, remained loyal to Elphaba green in a strapless, bejeweled Louis Vuitton number that was cinched at the waist with a full skirt. It was a sophisticated nod to her on-screen character, and the perfect complementary dress to Grande’s.
Indeed, just when you thought you’d tire of their coordinated moments on the red carpet, Grande and Erivo delivered another knockout fashion moment. The real question is: What will we do when the film premieres next month? We’ll certainly miss seeing the duo on the step and repeats together—because two stellar looks are always better than one.
I Just Got Back From L.A. and Everyone Was Wearing Autry Medalist Low Sneakers
Amal Clooney Is All About Rib-Grazing Denim for Spring
How to Dress Like the Olsen Twins This Spring and Summer 2025
Rihanna Dresses Cozy and Classic to Solo Dine at Her Favorite Restaurant
Sign up for Vogue Shopping to receive the insider’s guide to what to shop and how to wear it
Listen to The Run-Through with Vogue, a weekly podcast featuring the most exciting stories and hot takes from the worlds of culture, politics, sports and–of course–fashion
Never miss a Vogue moment and get unlimited digital access for just $2 $1 per month.
The Vogue Runway app has expanded! Update to the latest version to see all Vogue content, as well as new features like our Runway Genius quiz, Group Chats, and posts from Vogue contributors.
Explore the Runway Image Archive where you can access over 1.2 million runway images from past and present fashion shows.
More from Vogue
See More Stories
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Vogue may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
CN Fashion & Beauty