The first of a series of Zoom calls will take place on Tuesday night (Aug. 27) at 7 p.m. ET. 

													By
												

	Rania Aniftos


	Carole King is officially joining the Swifties for Kamala kickoff call, according to event organizers. 

	“We wouldn’t be Swifties for Kamala without Midnights Mayhem,” political director April Glick Pulito wrote in an email to attendees, according to Variety. “With that… We are so incredibly excited to announce our special, surprise guest 4x Grammy winner, singer-songwriter and a Swiftie for Kamala… Carole King!”

	The call will take place on Tuesday night (Aug. 27) at 7 p.m. ET. Elizabeth Warren, Kirsten Gillibrand and Ed Markey; Rep. Chris Deluzio and Rep. Becca Balint; North Carolina Democratic Party chair Anderson Clayton; and Swifties for Kamala team members Irene Kim, Emerald Medrano, Annie Wu Henry, April Glick Pulito, Emma Coleman and Lexa Hayes are all set to speak at the kickoff event.

	While Taylor Swift herself is not affiliated with the group — which describes themselves as a “coalition of Swifties ready to mobilize Taylor Swift fans to help get Democratic candidates elected up and down the ballot” — they note that the “I Can Do It With the Broken Heart” singer is “always welcome to show up to our party.”

	










	Swift has yet to endorse anyone in the 2024 presidential race between Trump and Harris. She endorsed Biden in 2020, and also took aim at Trump during the George Floyd protests that same year, slamming Trump’s response to the unrest.

	“After stoking the fires of white supremacy and racism your entire presidency, you have the nerve to feign moral superiority before threatening violence? ‘When the looting starts the shooting starts’???” Swift wrote in reference to a comment from Trump that many took as a potential threat to protesters following the killing of unarmed Floyd at the hands of a Minneapolis police officer. “We will vote you out in November.”

	Meanwhile, many other musicians have stepped up to the plate to endorse Harris, including Megan Thee Stallion, John Legend, Pink and Stevie Wonder — each of whom has performed at various campaign events — as well as Ariana Grande, Olivia Rodrigo, Demi Lovato, Quavo, Bon Iver, Barbra Streisand and more.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.