Zero cost for 30 days and enjoy unlimited reading on Richland Source, Ashland Source & Knox Pages. Offer ends soon — don’t miss it!
Richland Source

					North Central Ohio's Independent Local News				
MANSFIELD — Are you planning to visit Mansfield, or hosting visitors for the April 8 solar eclipse?
We’ve got the perfect what/where/when guide for you and your guests below. 
Here, you’ll find answers to the questions: When will the eclipse happen? Where should I stay? Where should we eat, drink and explore Richland County when we’re not watching the eclipse?
And of course, how you should handle traffic on the way home.
The Richland County Emergency Management Agency is hosting regular meetings leading up to the eclipse. Richland Source will continue to publish relevant information on our site, and we will try to update our guides as more information becomes available.
The center line of the total solar eclipse includes cities such as Cleveland, Lima, Greenville and Sandusky. Don’t fret about visiting Mansfield or Richland County though, as our area will witness 3 minutes and 20 seconds of “totality,” when the moon’s shadow completely covers the sun, leaving only a ring of the sun’s outer atmosphere visible.
According to Great American Eclipse, cities including Cincinnati, Columbus, Canton and Youngstown “are very close to the path, and we expect many people in these cities to make the short drive north on eclipse day.”
According to NASA, the moon’s shadow will completely eclipse the sun in Richland County at approximately 3:14 p.m. Residents will also be able to see a partial solar eclipse from approximately 2:41 p.m. through 3:45 p.m.
There are plenty of local events that we’ll detail below, or you can visit Richland County’s website for a list of public parks in the path of totality.
There are two types of eclipses — lunar and solar. According to NASA, a lunar eclipse occurs when the Earth is precisely between the sun and moon, causing Earth’s shadow to fall upon the surface of the moon.
A solar eclipse occurs when the moon passes between the sun and Earth, casting a shadow on our planet. The moon is significantly smaller than the sun, but there are a few minutes in which its shadow obscures the great big ball of incandescent plasma. Earth rotates fast enough to bring the moon’s shadow a third of the way around the planet before the moon and sun fall out of alignment again.
The April 8 eclipse is a solar eclipse.
Richland County has plenty of hotels and accommodations for guests. The list below is curated by Destination Mansfield. You can search for dates, room type and number of guests, and book directly through their website. 
Want something a little homier or unique to our area? There are more than 20 AirBnB listings in or around Richland County ranging from bed & breakfasts to a luxury cabin in the Village of Butler.
A newly opened boutique hotel in Lexington also hosts a room with one queen bed, and a suite with one king bed as well as two lofted twin beds.
If you’d like to camp under the stars, the Richland County Fairgrounds has plenty of room for reservations for the OHclipse Mansfield camping and musical festival. Camping reservations include live music each evening starting April 5. 
Or if you’re local or staying somewhere else, general admission tickets just for the music start at $5.
Other local campgrounds include Kindred Kove and the Shelby/ Mansfield KOA.
Mansfield also hosts a number of unique restaurants from authentic Mexican cuisine, to north central Ohio’s best gyros and creative takes on classic American dishes. Check out the list of local and chain options at Destination Mansfield.
As of this publishing, we’re not sure if any local restaurants or attractions will have special hours during the eclipse, so call or check their Facebook pages in advance.
Join now at any level and enjoy unlimited reading on Richland Source, Ashland Source and Knox Pages. Offer ends soon – don't miss it!
If you’re looking for activities for kiddos, head to the Buckeye Imagination Museum. The museum’s first floor is geared toward toddlers and young children. It recently opened competitive play games perfect for siblings or friends ages 10+. The museum is just a half-mile away from the Richland Carrousel Park, which features 52 hand-carved animals.
The Ohio Bird Sanctuary is a great attraction to learn about birds, visit treehouses and explore the “naturescape” playground.
The Ohio State Reformatory (filming location of the 1994 movie The Shawshank Redemption) has tour openings on the days surrounding the eclipse. Some tours are only for teenagers and adults, but there are family-friendly experiences as well.
Malabar Farm State Park, the former home of Pulitzer Prize-winning author Louis Bromfield, is open for tours the weekend before or after the eclipse. It is also hosting a special event on April 8. The 32-room “Big House” was built in 1938. Call 419-892-2784 to reserve tour spots between 11 a.m. and 2 p.m. The visitor center and gift shop will also be open.
Kingwood Center Gardens is the perfect place to explore beautiful floral displays, a storybook trail, a duck pond and a historic mansion. It is also hosting a special eclipse event April 8.
The Ohio Department of Transportation is postponing road construction work the weekend before the eclipse. Even without construction workers on the road, congestion is expected particularly after the eclipse ends.
The Richland County EMA expects high traffic on Interstate 71, as well as U.S. Routes 30 and 42 locally.
AAA guidelines suggest slowing down and being patient with other drivers. Keep additional space between you and other drivers. Drive with your headlights on if the sky is dark. Watch out for animals, as wildlife can be disturbed during an eclipse. 
If you’re in the car when the eclipse is happening, find a safe place to park instead of watching it while driving. Be careful when parking in grass fields if it has been raining in the week before the eclipse.
The Richland County Sheriff’s Office is deputizing many local law enforcement officers to ensure police will be available in all areas. Do not call 9-1-1 for a traffic jam if no one is injured.
Richland Public Health is also coordinating with hospitals, urgent care centers and walk-in clinics to provide residents and visitors with medical services if needed. Dial 9-1-1 in emergencies, or find a list of non-emergency lines on Destination Mansfield.
If you’re a Richland County local, head to Richland Source’s local guide for tips on how to prepare for an influx of up to 250,000 visitors. There are plenty of special event hosts including the Ohio State Reformatory, the Phoenix Brewing Company, Hudson & Essex and more. 
If you’re local, you will likely be able to see the eclipse from your own backyard as well.
Ultimately, have fun and be safe. Don’t look at the sun without solar eclipse glasses or proper eyewear. American Astronomical Society-approved eclipse wear is viewable online, and may be available for free at events.
Make sure you have your essentials, a first aid kit, plenty of gas in your car and a family communication plan. 
Cell service may be disrupted due to high usage, so make sure you know where to meet your friends and family members in advance. 
Make sure your children have identification with them and your phone number if they’re separated. Remember what your children are wearing.
It’s probably smart to sign up for Richland County emergency alerts too.
Listen to our cosmic-themed staff music picks ranging from Cat Stevens’ “Moonshadow,” to Eddie Vetter’s “Hard Sun” and Ariana Grande’s “NASA.” Check out Source Media Properties’ 2024 Eclipse playlist on Spotify.
Every donation, big or small, helps our reporters tell the stories that connect our community. 
Thank you for your generosity! Please note that a one-time or recurring donation is separate from Source Membership, which provides additional benefits and ongoing support for our work.
We have a fiscal sponsorship with The GroundTruth Project, allowing our readers to support our work and benefit from a tax deduction at the same time. 

							Ball State journalism alumna. Passionate about sharing stories, making good coffee and finding new music. You can reach me at grace@richlandsource.com.															
								More by Grace McCormick								

Need to spread word about your business, event or promotion? Advertise on Richland Source! Download our media kit, check out current deals and more. 
richlandsource.com40 West 4th StMansfield, OH 44902Phone: 419-610-2100Email: news@richlandsource.com
Your FREE account allows you to read 5 premium articles every month, plus get unlimited access to obituaries, events calendar & more.
Create your free account.
Already have an account? 
Want unlimited access to all our stories? Be a Source Member!

Enter the code sent to your email.


Email address



Enter your password



					Sign in by entering the code we sent to , or clicking the magic link in the email.				

By signing up, you agree to our terms of service. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.						

						Get the best of Richland Source directly in your email inbox.					

						Sending to: 						


Select an option to continue: