X Factor star Lucie Jones looked worlds away from her time on the ITV programme 15 years ago as she was pictured at the Wicked premiere.
The 33-year-old Welsh singer first rose to fame on Simon Cowell’s talent show in 2009.
She finished in eighth place on the competition, losing out to Jedward in a showdown in week five.
During her stint on The X Factor, Lucie was mentored by Dannii Minogue, with that year seeing Joe McElderry go on to win, and Olly Murs and Stacey Solomon in the final.
After her time on the ITV talent competition, Lucie has had a successful West End career, which recently included playing Wicked’s Elphaba Thropp on stage in 2022.
She now looks unrecognisable from her days on The X Factor, 15 years ago.
On Monday, she joined the likes of Jonathan Bailey, Ariana Grande and Cynthia Erivo (who plays Elphaba in the new film) at the UK premiere.
Lucie wore a glam black suit, with silver embroidery and a matching clutch, and stuck to the Wicked theme with bold green eyeshadow.
She posed for a group shot with the stars of the film, including 7 Rings singer Ariana.
In 2022, Lucie told Metro about playing the Wicked Witch of the West in the hit theatre production.
‘For as long as I can remember I wanted to do Wicked,’ she said. ‘I’ve literally dreamed about it since I was 12 years old when I first saw the show. So for me, this is it.’
While on the West End, Lucie has also held roles in Les Miserables and as Elle Woods in Legally Blonde.
The star also represented the UK in Eurovision in 2017, which was held in Kyiv.
She performed Never Give Up on You, with the UK coming in 15th place and Portugal’s Salvador Sobral winning that year.
Speaking of her loss, she later blamed Brexit, saying: ‘I had no idea how Brexit was going to affect the vote until I was there. I did notice lots of Brexit comments.
‘I mean the Aussies were the only ones to give us 12 points out of everyone — now that was pretty awkward.’
She added to The Sun: ‘We didn’t come last which I’m thrilled about.
‘We got great public response and I have had loads of messages of support from celebrities.
‘It’s great that we got the support from home. All the messages have been just overwhelming.’
The same year, Lucie married her partner Ethan Boroian, who she met during auditions for The X Factor in 2009.
They met during boot camp and stayed in touch before going on their first date five years later.
Got a story?
If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.
'This iconic sculpting gel is my go-to primer for a plump yet defined appearance'
Nail the Western style come festival season with this Free People-inspired jacket
'Extremely good' Morrisons wines under £13 you need to try this summer
‘Like sleeping on a cloud’ hail shoppers as £12 mattress protector scores glowing reviews
Testing the Uniqlo Round Mini Shoulder Bag – how much can it really hold?
Arrow
MORE: Fleur East gives impromptu Strictly performance in off-camera moment
Arrow
MORE: John Lewis Christmas 2024 advert ‘brings back The X Factor’ with a twist
Arrow
MORE: X Factor heartthrob unrecognisable with new look 14 years after shock exit
Sign up and tell us which TV shows you love to watch to get personalised updates every morning.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Your information will be used in line with our Privacy Policy
Sign up and tell us which TV shows you love to watch to get personalised updates every morning.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Your information will be used in line with our Privacy Policy