By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

	All products and services featured are independently chosen by editors. However, StyleCaster may receive a commission on orders placed through its retail links, and the retailer may receive certain auditable data for accounting purposes.
Wicked hasn’t even come out yet, and it’s already amassed a huge cult-following. Although the musical has been on Broadway since 2003, the 2024 film adaptation starring Ariana Grande and Cynthia Erivo has become a hot topic of discussion. Fans are very excited for its release next month—to say the least. And if you’ve been impatiently waiting for November, rest assured there’s tons of amazing Wicked collabs to shop right now.
If you’ve been on social media at all lately, you know the Wicked team has been hard at work delivering some of the best movie collabs we’ve ever seen. We all remember the iconic Barbie collabs from last year, but these Wicked ones have serious potential to dethrone Barbie. Whether you’re a longtime stan of the musical and Miss Ariana Grande, or you just love that pink and green color combo—you don’t want to miss out on these limited edition drops.
Luckily for us, there’s a Wicked product for everyone. If you’re a makeup lover, there’s adorable on-theme sets from Ariana Grande’s brand R.e.m. Beauty. Or if you’re a nail enthusiast, the OPI x Wicked collection will be just your speed. No matter who you are, take note of all these incredible collabs to get excited for the upcoming film.
Our mission at STYLECASTER is to bring style to the people, and we only feature products we think you’ll love as much as we do. Walmart is a STYLECASTER sponsor, however, all products in this article were independently selected by our editors. Please note that if you purchase something by clicking on a link within this story, we may receive a small commission of the sale.
Your new favorite accessories just dropped. Beloved brand Stoney Clover Lane released a limited edition capsule of pouches, fanny packs, bag charms, and patches to add to your Wicked collection. Get in on the pink and green fun before it’s too late.
Accessorize your tresses the Wicked way with Scunci’s new scrunchies, headbands, claw clips, and statement bobby pins. The collab also offers barrettes, gem-covered snap clips, and a Elphaba bubble headband you can wear while applying or taking off makeup and skincare. 
Make your haircare routine a bit more Wicked with the newest offerings from Wet Brush. The brand dropped Elphaba and Glinda-inspired detangling brushes, hair clips, and satin scrunchies, so that you can channel both the the Good Witch of the North and the Wicked Witch of the West.
Caboodles also hopped on the Wicked bandwagon, releasing a limited-edition collection of makeup boxes in an array of color ways that feel festive and fun but calm enough to carry you (and your beauty products) through years to come. 
Fashion designer Camilla Franks just unveiled three limited edition prints inspired by Wicked. And with over 85 pieces total in the collab collection, there’s everything from bomber jackets to tees and silk dresses. The three prints: Defy Gravity, The Totally Ozmopolitan, and Munchkinland, all pay homage to the vibrant world of Oz. Collectors, you don’t want to miss out on these stunning pieces.
For the ultimate Wicked fan, Angara has just what you need—gorgeous emerald, sapphire, peridot and black onyx pieces to celebrate the film. Not only are they perfect for all of your favorite Wicked-themed outfits, they are wearable enough for the everyday. Stack your favorites or focus on a statement piece for a truly bewitching look.
In search of your next manicure? You’re in luck, because OPI just dropped their very own collab with Wicked. The limited edition collection includes tons of nail polish shades inspired by the upcoming film, along with four different styles of press ons. 
For the serial travelers, the BÉIS x Wicked capsule is just what you need to take on your travel plans in style. BÉIS has blessed us with four luggage sizes and a few bag styles to defy gravity. This is by far one of the most hyped Wicked collaborations, and we’re excited to shop the bags once they officially drop. 
Stanley cups have been all the rage recently, and they just got a Wicked makeover. The brand announced limited edition 20 and 40 oz tumblers, inspired by the two main characters Glinda and Elphaba. They officially drop October 13th, and we expect them to go fast.
For all the makeup girlies, It Cosmetics is coming through with high quality makeup brushes inspired by Wicked. The limited edition set includes a pink blush brush and a green foundation brush—which feature stunning liquid handles filled with glitter and stars. 
There are tons of options when it comes to rocking Wicked clothes. In fact, Aerie just launched a limited edition capsule with tons of pink and green loungewear styles inspired by the movie. Shop the whole collection now, while it’s still here. 
Of course Ariana Grande’s makeup brand R.e.m. Beauty had to get in on the Wicked mania. The brand’s full collection includes an eyeshadow palette, glow drops, lip stains, eye masks, a lip oil, and two makeup sets in honor of the upcoming film. Whether you like dark witchy tones or coquette girly shades, this collection is every Wicked fan’s wildest dream.
If you’re planning your Wicked ‘fit for November, look no further than the H&M x Wicked collab. There are vintage-inspired graphic tees to shop now, and the outfit options are endless.
Pamper yourself Wicked style. Skin and body care brand Beekman 1802 is known for its luxurious products, and the brand just brought us even more Wicked beauty products to love. The limited edition collab has everything from body wash and soap to pimple patches and a mud mask.
Wicked stans, ever wonder what the movie smells like? Thanks to Voluspa, you can now purchase a candle set inspired by Glinda and Elphaba. Glinda’s candle has notes of pink yuzu, sea salt, and vanilla. While Elphaba’s has notes of banyan branches and amber elixir. And to top it all off, they come in the most gorgeous ornate candle holders—perfect for collectors. 
Fashion lovers rejoice, the Forever 21 x Wicked collab is coming in clutch. The brand dropped adorable sequin mini dresses inspired by Glinda and Elphaba, so you and your bestie can pull up to the movies in matching ‘fits. Plus, they come in kids sizes for your favorite little ones too.
Aldo x Wicked is here to satisfy your craving for Wicked shoes. The brand is dropping 33 pieces on Oct 17th—from magical purses and jewelry to a Glinda-inspired tiara. So if you’re looking to add a bit of Wicked to your outfits, look no further.
If you and your bestie are coordinating Wicked looks, Claire’s has you covered with tons of adorable accessories. Whether you’re Elphaba or Glinda, there are tons to choose from to finish off your Halloween costume or movie-going outfit.
Vera Bradley stans, you don’t want to miss out on these limited edition goodies. In celebration of Wicked, the brand just unveiled 35 new pieces—which range from bags to umbrellas and stationery. Thankfully, there’s tons of both pink and green options to choose from. And if you can’t decide between the two, there’s no harm in grabbing a few things before it’s all gone forever.
Wicked socks? Yes please. With all of the amazing Wicked collabs popping up everyday, we’re about to be decked out head-to-toe. And of course, Bombas has our toes covered with its newest collection. These limited edition socks are super comfy—plus they have sparkly touches to make any outfit magical.
Crocs always have the best collabs on deck, so of course they had to jump on the Wicked train. The brand dropped Glinda and Elphaba inspired clogs and the cutest jibbitz to accessorize them with—we’re adding everything to our cart ASAP. 
Looking for your next hot tool? Believe it or not, Shark Beauty just released a limited edition Wicked-themed Shark FlexStyle. Inspired by the friendship of Glinda and Elphaba, the FlexStyle will magically style your hair everytime—without the fear of heat damage.  
You can never have enough hair accessories, especially when they’re Wicked-inspired. Just in time for the film’s upcoming release, Conair released spellbinding headbands, clips, and scrunchies to elevate your style. 
More Wicked bags are finally here. The Rebecca Minkoff x Wicked collab is bringing Elphaba and Glinda’s iconic aesthetics to life with two limited edition bags. What better way to celebrate the new film than these magical handbags?
Target is your one-stop shop for all the best Wicked merch. Thankfully you don’t have to drop a ton, because most pieces are under $40. The store has tons of clothing options inspired by the movie—for everyone in the family. Whether you’re in need of a preppy Wicked sweater or cozy sweatpants, Target has got the goods.
BoxLunch has some of the best fandom merch we’ve ever seen, and Wicked just got added to its roster. There are tons of amazing clothing pieces and bags available to shop right now. Secure these exclusive items as soon as you can, or miss out big time. 
After Ariana Grande was seen wearing the new Lingua Franca x Wicked capsule collection, we knew it was one for the books. The limited-edition pieces include everything from luxe cashmere to cozy sweatshirts for the whole family. Twin with Ariana in the embroidered “Defy Gravity” sweatshirt, or go for the chic sheer top inspired by Glinda and Elphaba.
By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.