For the record, Nonna loved the sugar glider drum solo bit.

													By
												

	Gil Kaufman


	Though the massive, year-long promotional push for Wicked has mostly wound down now that the first part of director Jon M. Chu’s big screen Broadway musical adaptation has hit theaters, co-star Ariana Grande is not quite done attending screenings.

	And while the red carpet premieres and boatloads of press interviews helped push the first weekend grosses for the movie past $163 million in global box office, Grande had one very special critic she needed to watch it with. “Flew to Boca for a day to watch with Nonna,” Grande wrote in an Instagram Story on Monday (Nov. 25) of her trip down to Boca Raton, FL to take in the film with her beloved grandmother.

	










	“At the movie theater I grew up going to every weekend, Cinemark 20 in Boca,” she added in the post that also tagged her half-brother, Broadway star Frankie Grande. Grande — who co-stars as Glinda in the film alongside Cynthia Erivo’s Elphaba — also noted her Nonna’s favorite part of the production.




			Trending on Billboard		






	“Thrilled to report that when the sugar glider had her drum solo Nonna exclaimed loudly, ‘Oh I LOVE that,'” Grande wrote in another slide of the bit in the movie where the mouse-like marsupial rips on the drums. She also gave boyfriend and fellow Wicked star Ethan Slater photo credits for the snaps taken in the theater. 

	It was all worth it, as evidenced by the next slide, in which Grande holds Nonna’s hand as they watch Ari croon the show-stopping song “Popular,” bringing a huge smile to grandma Marjorie Grande’s face. Back in April, Grande announced that her granny, 98, became “the senior most person to ever appear on the Billboard Hot 100″ when she charted thanks to a spoken word outro on the Eternal Sunshine song “Ordinary Things.”
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.