The music world gathered in New York for the annual MTV VMAs - and Taylor Swift was the big winner scooping a total of seven awards including the biggies of Artist and Video of 2024. Taylor's awards haul brings her career total to 30 - tying with Beyoncé as the most-awarded artist in MTV history.
Other big winners included Eminem who brought his MTV awards total to 14 - the most of any male artist ever - and Katy Perry who was awarded two gongs in celebration of her career.
The American awards ceremony comes ahead of the MTV EMAs in November which will this year be held in Manchester for the first time. And with Taylor dominating so many categories in the VMAs, fans will be hoping she gets the same recognition in the European awards.
READ MORE: Who won at the National Television Awards 2024 - winners list in full
She won a raft of awards alongside Post Malone for their collaboration on Fortnight, including the titles of Video of the Year and Song of the Summer.
On the night, she made a number of moving speeches, including remembrance to everyone who lost their lives and loved ones on the September 11 atrocity in the United States.
She said: "I’ve just been thinking about what happened 23 years ago, everyone who lost a loved one and everyone that we lost and that is the most important thing about today and everything that happens tonight falls behind that."
The event was hosted by Megan Thee Stallion, who also won two awards herself on the night.
Katy Perry was celebrated on the night with two awards celebrating her career in pop. That included the Michael Jackson Video Vanguard award and Iconic Performance for her 2013 appearance at the EMAs singing Roar.
Dua Lipa was the sole British artist winning big on the night. She scooped the Choreography award for her video to Houdini.
The EMA nominations are set to be revealed in October, and there's hope of news soon on who will be the star host on the night. The event itself will take place at the new Co-op Live arena in Manchester on Sunday, November 10.
In the meantime, here's the MTV VMAs winners list in full.
New Artist - Chappell Roan
Artist - Taylor Swift
Song of the Summer - Fortnight, Taylor Swift and Post Malone
Video - Fortnight, Taylor Swift and Post Malone
K-Pop - Rockstar, Lisa
Michael Jackson Video Vanguard - Katy Perry
Iconic Performance - Katy Perry (Roar at 2013 MTV VMAs)
Push Performance - Le Sserafim, EASY
Rock Video - Human - Album Version, Lenny Kravitz
Song - Espresso, Sabrina Carpenter
Editing - Fortnight, Taylor Swift and Post Malone
Choreography - Houdini, Dua Lipa
Visual Effects - Houdini, Eminem
Pop Video - Taylor Swift
Collaboration - Taylor Swift and Post Malone
Video for Good - What Was I Made For?, Billie Eilish
Hip-Hop Video - Houdini, Eminem
Group - Seventeen
Afrobeats - Tyla, Water
Direction - Fortnight, Taylor Swift and Post Malone
Alternative Video - Beautiful Things, Benson Boone
Trending Video - Mamushi, Megan Thee Stallion and Yuki Chiba
Latin Video - Mil Veces, Anitta
Art Direction - BOA, Megan Thee Stallion
Cinematography - We can't be friends - Ariana Grande
R&B Video - Snooze, SZA
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.