When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn commission. Read our full commerce guidelines here.
I don’t know about you, but I love a good book-to-screen adaptation. Even if I haven’t read the book, I love knowing that the story of this show or movie I’m embarking on already has a whole legion of fans who are passionate about it. 
I also love that they are something original among a plethora of sequels, blockbusters and spin-off shows. This year there are so many that I’m excited to sink my teeth into - but where to start? Here are my top recommendations for book-to-screen adaptations this year… 
As the TV and Film Editor at HELLO! it's my job to keep up to date with all the goings-on in the world of showbiz. I'm lucky enough to be linked up with TV and Movie PRs who give me all the information about new releases. I'm also in a book club in my spare time, and my colleagues will agree that my head is always in a book.
1/7
Based on The Ministry of Time by Kaliane Bradley 
I love a bit of time travel, especially when it feels very fresh and original - and this one definitely does. The BBC are so confident in this project that they’ve commissioned it before the book is even out - as it will be published in May - but I have an early copy on my hands and trust me, it’ll be worth the wait! The story follows a ministry official who is tasked with being the ‘bridge’ to a 19th-century commander - who was pulled out of his time at his point of death to explore time travel. Intriguing, right? 
The Ministry of Time does not yet have a premiere date.
2/7
Based on Bad Monkey by Carl Hiaasen
Vince Vaughn leads the star-studded cast of Apple TV+'s latest mystery drama. The story follows former Miami Police officer Andrew Yancy who becomes a health inspector in the Florida Keys. 
After a group of tourists discover a severed human arm while fishing, Yancy realises that if he can solve the case, he'll get his police job back. "He just needs to get past a trove of Floridian oddballs and one bad monkey," teases the synopsis. 
Rob Delaney, Michelle Monaghan, Natalie Martinez and Jodie Turner-Smith also feature in the series. 
Watch Bad Monkey on Apple TV. 
3/7
Based on It Ends With Us by Colleen Hoover
Blake Lively stars in the first adaptation of one of Colleen Hoover's bestselling romance novels. The Gossip Girl actress plays Lily Bloom in this emotional film about love and heartache. 
The synopsis reads: "A chance meeting with charming neurosurgeon Ryle Kincaid (Justin Baldoni) sparks an intense connection, but as the two fall deeply in love, Lily begins to see sides of Ryle that remind her of her parents' relationship. When Lily's first love, Atlas Corrigan (Brandon Sklenar), suddenly reenters her life, her relationship with Ryle is upended, and Lily realizes she must learn to rely on her own strength to make an impossible choice for her future."
This tear-jerking adaptation is shaping up to be one of the summer's biggest film releases, so if you do watch it in theatres, bring lots of tissues!
It Ends With Us is in cinemas now.
4/7
Based on Pachinko by Min Jin Lee
Based on the bestselling novel of the same name, Apple TV+s epic drama returns for its highly-anticipated second season in August. Season one was met with wide praise from critics and viewers alike, with some even hailing the show as one of the best series of 2022 - and I have a feeling the next series will be just as good!
The South Korean drama, described as a "sweeping and deeply moving story of love and survival" is told across four generations, following one family's story from the Japanese invasion in 1910 up to 1989. 
Watch Pachinko on APPLE TV. 
5/7
Based on Trust by Hernan Diaz
This was such a cool novel, and I’m so excited to see how they approach the tale on the silver screen. The new HBO series will star Kate Winslet (what self-respecting HBO series doesn’t star Kate Winslet these days?) and follows a financier and his wife throughout their lives. 
Trust does not yet have a premiere date.
6/7
Based on Turtles All The Way Down by John Green
Oh good, because I hadn’t cried enough at One Day. I love a bit of John Green, and I’m so glad we’re seeing his work on the big screen again after a long break where it felt like The Fault in Our Stars, Looking for Alaska and Paper Towns all came out in one go. 
This new tale is about a young woman with OCD who particularly struggles with fear of germs. Starring Isabella Merced, it’ll be out on HBO Max this year. Tissues at the ready!
Turtles All The Way Down is streaming on HBO Max - right now it's only streaming in the states but it's coming soon to the UK. 
7/7
Based on Wicked: The Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the West by Gregory Maguire
I mean, is this based on a novel, or is it really just based on the musical version of that novel? Either way, I am seriously excited for Wicked, the live-action adaptation of the musical of the novel by Gregory Maguire. 
Starring Cynthia Eviro, who is perfect in everything she stars in, Ariana Grande, who is the most Glinda-y Glinda you could ask for if the trailer is anything to go by, and the one and only Anthony Bridgerton - Jonathan Bailey - as Fiyero, what’s not to love about this film? I only hope no one in my cinema tries to sing along to Defying Gravity. 
Wicked will be in cinemas 22 November.
By entering your details, you are agreeing to HELLO! Magazine User Data Protection Policy. You can unsubscribe at any time. For more information, please click here.