Britney Spears’ memoir, The Woman in Me, is headed to the big screen. According to multiple reports, Universal Pictures has secured the rights to a biopic based on the singer’s book. The film will be directed by Jon M. Chu, who is currently gearing up for the release of his highly anticipated film Wicked, starring Ariana Grande and Cynthia Erivo. Marc Platt will produce for Universal.
Britney shared her excitement on X (formerly Twitter): “Excited to share with my fans that I've been working on a secret project with #MarcPlatt. He’s always made my favorite movies … stay tuned [rose emoji] [camera emoji],” she wrote.
Fans are eager for the film. “Britney Spears coming to save the world,” one person commented under her post. Another wrote, “Crossroads 2 queen,” though hopefully, that’s not the direction the biopic will take. Another simply said, “Can’t wait!”
In 2017, Lifetime aired Britney Ever After, a made-for-TV movie following Spears’ life, from her beginnings on the Mickey Mouse Club to her rise to stardom, fall from grace, and eventual comeback. IMDB describes the plot as “a chronicle of the life and career of singer Britney Spears.” Natasha Bassett portrayed Britney Spears in the film.
However, many fans weren’t impressed with this biopic. According to Refinery29, Britney did not approve of the film, which only fueled fan disappointment. One person reacted on X (formerly Twitter), saying, “Why did they make her so stupid??? This is insulting ... yet I can't look away.” Another commented, “#BritneyEverAfter made me want to pull my lungs out through my kneecaps it was that cringey.”
As for the upcoming film, multiple sources report that Spears will be involved in the project, but details about her creative role are still unknown. Spears’ memoir, released in October 2023, details her rise to fame, her 13-year conservatorship, and her relationship with Justin Timberlake, including her revelation about having an abortion while dating him over 20 years ago.
The book sold 1.1 million copies in the U.S. alone through its first week and has sold over 2.5 million copies in the U.S. to date.
The book sold 1.1 million copies in the U.S. in its first week and has sold over 2.5 million copies in the U.S. to date. Michelle Williams narrates the audiobook, and some of her memorable excerpts, like her imitation of Justin Timberlake saying, “Oh yeah, fo' shizz fo' shizz,” have become fan favorites.
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!