By HEIDI PARKER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  14:30, 29 February 2024   |  Updated:  17:23, 29 February 2024   
 106
View  comments
Khloe Kardashian posed topless with her arm over her chest for a Good American ad that was posted on Wednesday.
The 39-year-old TV star looked radiant as ever with her lean and slender figure on display in the Instagram photo. She wore oversized blue denim jeans and was barefoot.
The ex of Tristan Thompson was promoting her Good American fashion line.
'That feeling when NEW relaxed denim drops tomorrow,' wrote the siren in her company's caption. 
This comes soon after it was learned that the Keeping Up With The Kardashians veteran said no to Jennifer Lopez's offer for cameo in her This Is Me... Now musical movie.
'Khloe said no,' shared Jennifer in her documentary The Greatest Story Never Told which explained the meaning behind her 'meta' movie.
Khloe Kardashian posed topless with her arm over her chest for a Good American ad that was posted on Wednesday
The 39-year-old TV star looked radiant as ever with her lean and slender figure on display in the Instagram photo. She wore oversized blue denim jeans and was barefoot
During her new Prime Video documentary The Greatest Love Story Never Told, which released on Tuesday, the singer, 54, shared which A-listers were given the opportunity.
From reality stars, to singers and actors, Jennifer invited a range of celebrities to take part in her Amazon Prime movie. 
One of Jennifer's team members claimed Khloe as well as Snoop Dogg, Taylor Swift, Bad Bunny, Vanessa Hudgens, Lizzo and Ariana Grande were either unavailable or said no following her offer.
Jennifer, whose documentary shares a behind-the-scenes insight into creating the film, also wanted Jason Momoa and Jennifer Coolidge to star in her movie.
Big names who appeared in her move included: Jane Fonda (Sagittarius), Trevor Noah (Libra), Kim Petras (Virgo), Post Malone (Leo), Keke Palmer (Scorpio), Sofia Vergara (Cancer), Jenifer Lewis (Gemini), Jay Shetty (Aries), Neil deGrasse Tyson (Taurus) and Sadhguru (Pisces). 
Jennifer Lopez, 54, revealed Khloe Kardashian turned down her offer to appear in her This Is Me... Now movie
Jennifer's beloved husband Ben Affleck played Rex Stone/ Biker, while her long-time friend Fat Joe played her therapist in the movie. 
The new documentary charts the singer during the making of her latest album This Is Me... Now as well as her twenty-year journey to 'self-love'. 
The newly released film This Is Me... Now received a high rating on Rotten Tomatoes, as well as a positive fan reaction.
The 54-year-old star's self-financed project was given 81% on the tomatometer and a 91% fan reaction upon its release.
The undertaking, which cost $16M to bring to life, was inspired by Jennifer's rekindled romance with husband Ben.
The movie is part of a three-way project about her famous search for love and how she ultimately found it with her husband.
Another part of the endeavor includes an album of the same name, which is a follow-up to her 2003 album This Is Me… Then, also a tribute to Affleck.
Jennifer, whose documentary shares a behind-the-scenes insight into creating the film, also wanted Jason Momoa and Jennifer Coolidge to star in her movie
Jennifer shelled out a staggering £16million ($20million) to fund This Is Me…Now: A Love Story, a semi autobiographical 'musical rom-com action sci-fi' documenting her love 
The movie is part of a three-way project about her famous search for love and how she ultimately found it with her husband Ben 
The pair ended their engagement a year after the release of This Is Me... Then, but got back together almost two decades later and married in 2022. 
The couple's love story started in 2002 when they dated while filming the movie Jersey Girl. They became engaged the following year but broke up in 2004. 
Meanwhile during the documentary, Jennifer and Ben detailed the highs and lows of their rekindled romance, with Ben revealing he initially asked his wife to keep their relationship offline when they decided to give things another ago. 
Kardashian attends Michael Rubin's 2024 Fanatics Super Bowl Party at the Marquee Nightclub at The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas on February 10,

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group