The summer season has officially begun, and to us means only one thing — big pants, little shirt season is here. If you're unaware of the phrase, big pants, little shirt is a meme designed to describe the way a certain group of people, mainly women, dress — think Instagram/ TikTok baddie or basically any female celebrity today (Dua Lipa is a particularly strong proponent of the look).
Also known as "big pants, tiny shirt", the style is almost ubiquitous yet difficult to pin down to its exact roots. 
On the flip side, there are "big shirt, little pants" people where the shirt is so oversized the pants disappear (think Ariana Grande) and "big shirt, big pants" crew who wear oversized everything (Billie Eilish). Basically, all your fits now need to revolve around how big your pants are — and we're going big this summer.
While the phrase "big pants, little shirt" is undoubtedly used in a gendered and often pejorative way, with the recent Drake golfing attire not helping the cause, we still think that big pants and little shirts are for everyone, they're a way of life.
The first combination of "big pants little shirt" starts with the irreverent Carne Bollente delivering a playful long-sleeve with an allover fig print, perfectly paired with loose-fitting light purple chinos by Dutch brand Patta.
A contrast of two proportions and silhouette, this outfit will be guaranteed to turn heads and have everyone asking where you got it from. 
We’re serious about the "little shirt" – this isn’t just talk. The NTS Apple Baby Tee embodies the perfect tiny tee that’s daring yet tasteful. 
Combine it with workwear brand Carhartt WIP Brandon denim for a loose, straight fit and stylish low crotch. This light, breezy combo is ideal for making the most of those sunny summer days.
For a cutting-edge look that marries modern style, sportswear, and biker look, check out this outfit. The PUMA Ottolinger long-sleeve channels motorsports aesthetics while adding a sophisticated twist with a trompe l'oeil tie print. Paired with Y/Project's Pop-Up wide leg pants, this looks redefines contemporary elegance in the world of "big pants little shirts" aesthetic.
Similar to the feel a well-chosen summer vest can  have on an outfit when it comes to elegance, when dressing for a sophisticated night out or a cocktail event, the "big pants, little shirt" look can be a game-changer. How? Take a luxurious see-through silk open-knit tank top by MLGA and pair it with straight-leg wide pants from British designer JL-AL. A daring and experimental outfit to truly push this aesthetic forward.
For a genderless, post-hippie "big pants, little shirt" look, Italian brand's Vitelli and their luxury knitwear, combined with Entire Studios cargo trousers are exactly what you need. Comfortable and with strong contrast of silhouette but with matching color palettes, this outfit will soon become a favorite in your summer wardrobe.
Want to keep browsing? Head to the Highsnobiety Shop for more products that we love. Highsnobiety has affiliate marketing partnerships, which means we may receive a commission from your purchase.
Titel Media GmbH (Highsnobiety), is committed to facilitating and improving the accessibility and usability of its Website, www.highsnobiety.com. Titel Media GmbH strives to ensure that its Website services and content are accessible to persons with disabilities including users of screen reader technology. To accomplish this, Titel Media GmbH tests, remediates and maintains the Website in-line with the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG), which also bring the Website into conformance with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990.
Please be aware that our efforts to maintain accessibility and usability are ongoing. While we strive to make the Website as accessible as possible some issues can be encountered by different assistive technology as the range of assistive technology is wide and varied.
If, at any time, you have specific questions or concerns about the accessibility of any particular webpage on this Website, please contact us at accessibility@highsnobiety.com, +49 (0)30 235 908 500. If you do encounter an accessibility issue, please be sure to specify the web page and nature of the issue in your email and/or phone call, and we will make all reasonable efforts to make that page or the information contained therein accessible for you.