It may have recently made history as the most streamed Christmas song, hitting over 2 billion listens on Spotify.
But it seems what many Brits want for Christmas is to never hear Mariah Carey's festive hit again. All I Want For Christmas Is You, first released in 1994, has come out top in a poll of the Christmas songs Brits are most sick of hearing.
Justin Bieber's Mistletoe and Band Aid's 'Do They Know it's Christmas' are other tracks people have grown tired of. Meanwhile East 17's Stay Another Day and Santa Tell Me by Ariana Grande were also loathed. Last Christmas by Wham!, Chris Rea's Driving Home for Christmas and Fairytale of New York by The Pogues and Kirsty MacColl were the most popular songs.
However, the latter proved divisive by also featuring in the top 10 of most disliked. According to the research commissioned by Twix, 23% of us listen to festive music every day during the Christmas period -but by mid-December, 20% of people are sick of hearing Christmas music and 17% say you should stop hearing festive tunes altogether by Boxing Day.
The confectionery brand has now launched a 'Twixmas' song, It's Twixmas Time, featuring grime MC D Double E and presenter Nella Rose for those bored by the festivities. D Double E said: "We all have Christmas songs we love, but we've been listening to them for decades and they can feel a bit stale, and it looks as though people agree with that - so we've looked to flip the script on festive tracks to show you lot how to do Twixmas this year, to give people something to enjoy once the big day is done and dusted."
It comes as further research from Twix found 56% of people lose all sense of time between Christmas and New Year, the period known as 'Twixmas'. A third of people live off Christmas leftovers during this time, 23% spend the time binge-watching TV shows and 21% seek out bargains in the sales.
Laura Boothroyd, from Mars Wrigley, added: "The unique Twixmas period reminds us that sometimes, the best gift is to simply unwind. "From uninterrupted naps, to finally spending time on your hobbies, to having a laugh with the family. We hope that 'It's Twixmas Time', will encourage everyone to embrace the simple joys at this time of year."
Although these are the songs Brits have said they don't want to hear again, many on the hated list are immensely popular. For example, East 17's Stay Another Day was Christmas number one in 1994 and Wizzard's I Wish It Could Be Christmas Everyday has had enduring popularity and been covered over the years by the likes of Girls Aloud and Olly Murs.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.