By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Just five weeks after her Madame Web co-star Dakota Johnson hosted Saturday Night Live, Sydney Sweeney will pay her own visit to Studio 8H.
The Euphoria actress is set to make her SNL hosting debut on March 2, TVLine has learned, alongside musical guest Kacey Musgraves. In addition to Madame Web, which released on Feb. 14, Sweeney also stars in the upcoming psychological horror flick Immaculate, hitting theaters on March 22, and recently led the romantic comedy Anyone But You opposite Glen Powell.
Actor Josh Brolin has been tapped to host the March 9 episode, in support of the upcoming sci-fi sequel Dune: Part Two, out on March 1. This will be Brolin’s third turn as host, while Ariana Grande will similarly be back for her third appearance as musical guest.

 





In the meantime, SNL will return from a short hiatus with its upcoming Feb. 24 episode, hosted by comedian Shane Gillis — the same Gillis who, back in 2019, was hired by SNL and then quickly fired for his history of racist and homophobic jokes. Gillis will be joined by musical guest 21 Savage.
How do you feel about Sweeney and Brolin as SNL hosts? Tell us below!
Comments are monitored, so don’t forkin' curse and don’t bore us with how much your coworker’s sister-in-law makes per hour. Talk smart about TV! 
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * Your email address will not be published. We will notify you when someone replies.
Δ
Finally another good musical guest: Kacey Musgraves.
Chalamet, Elordi, Sweeney, Brolin…
They’re either desperate for Zendaya or Lorne Michaels doesn’t know who she is lol
Guessing Sweeny’s outing is going to be just like Lindsay Lohan’s first: evert sketch centered around how “hot” she is.
.
Exciting.
They already did that this season with Jacob Elordi.
God knows they aren’t going to be able to center it around her acting ability. She was the absolute worst part of Madame Web, and that’s saying something.
Wonder if they’re gonna poke fun at Madame Web
Wonder if they’re gonna poke fun at her abysmal acting in Madame Web.
By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.