She kept things shady for her first day at the film festival.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Anya Taylor-Joy touched down at the Cannes Film Festival on Monday, May 13, ready to try a new form of method dressing with stylist Ryan Hastings. Instead of channeling Furiosa: A Mad Max Story's titular character in metallic corsets and arrow-pierced mini dresses, she'd gone the French Riviera route with a sunhat that could take up an entire red carpet.
The actress checked into Hotel Martinez on Monday, May 13, dressed in a sunset orange strapless dress by Atlein and Jimmy Choo heels. Both pieces were quite literally overshadowed by Jacquemus's La Bomba straw hat, the true centerpiece of her outfit based on sheer dimensions alone.
Anya Taylor-Joy started her Cannes Film Festival run in a gigantic Jaquemus sunhat and an orange dress. 
Taylor-Joy's exaggerated accessory is one of French designer Simon Porte Jacquemus's signatures. He first released the floppy, satellite-sized straw hat on the Jacquemus runway in 2017. Within seasons, it became a poolside Instagram staple for celebrities including Rihanna, Emily Ratajkowski, and Ariana Grande.
A model wears Jacquemus's La Bomba hat at a 2017 show.
Jacquemus's hat archives have room for more than the colossal La Bomba design; so, apparently, does Anya Taylor-Joy's Cannes packing list. On Tuesday, May 14, she made her press rounds in another Jacquemus style: a flat-brimmed style called Le Chapeau with a provincial black ribbon tie detail.
Taylor-Joy wore the ribbon closure like a choker, the circular hat framing her head like the halos surrounding saints in fourteenth-century paintings. (The rest of her look was equally heavenly, courtesy of a semi-sheer Jacquemus dress dotted with floral embellishments and a pair of white ankle wrap sandals.)
For her second day at Cannes, Anya Taylor-Joy paired a second Jaquemus hat with a white sheer dress.
Taylor-Joy's hat was a shrunken-down version of the style Jacquemus debuted on his Spring 2017 runway, shown here.
Nothing exudes movie star energy like an impracticably, egregiously large hat, but Taylor-Joy found more casual ways to dress the part between formal events. The actress broke up her outfits with a Peter Pan collar top by Damson Madder and a button-front denim mini skirt by AG.
Cannes is only getting started, but Taylor-Joy has shown she's got the style range.
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.
In between hat-centric outfits, Anya Taylor-Joy wore a Peter Pan collar top with a button-front mini skirt.
Halie LeSavage is the senior fashion and beauty news editor at Marie Claire, where she assigns, edits, and writes stories for both sections. Halie is an expert on runway trends, celebrity style, emerging fashion and beauty brands, and shopping (naturally). In over seven years as a professional journalist, Halie’s reporting has ranged from fashion week coverage spanning the Copenhagen, New York, Milan, and Paris markets, to profiles on industry insiders like celebrity stylist Molly Dickson, to breaking news stories on noteworthy brand collaborations and beauty product launches. (She can personally confirm that Bella Hadid’s Ôrebella perfume is worth the hype.) She has also written dozens of research-backed shopping guides to finding the best tote bags, ballet flats, and more. Most of all, Halie loves to explore what style trends—like the rise of emotional support accessories or TikTok’s 75 Hard Style Challenge—can say about culture writ large. She also justifies almost any purchase by saying it’s “for work.” 
Halie has previously held writer and editor roles at Glamour, Morning Brew, and Harper’s Bazaar. She has been cited as a fashion and beauty expert in The Cut, CNN Underscored, and Reuters, among other outlets, and appears in newsletters like Selleb and Self Checkout to provide shopping recommendations. In 2022, she earned the Hearst Spotlight Award for excellence and innovation in fashion journalism. She holds a Bachelor’s Degree in English from Harvard College. Outside of work, Halie is passionate about books, baking, and her miniature Bernedoodle, Dolly. For a behind-the-scenes look at her reporting, you can follow Halie on Instagram and TikTok.

The late princess took control when it came to this aspect of her sons' lives.


Just another Hollywood star to join the bob-aissance.


She one hundred percent pulls them off.


She one hundred percent pulls them off.


'Twilight,' Shania Twain, and beyond...


If this is her off-duty look, I can only imagine what Monday's event will bring.


This timepiece is apparently a billionaire essential.


She's taking the subtle approach to method dressing.


Her style is taking a turn toward the demure.


And she chose one of Rihanna's favorite pairs to do it.


She chose an all-leather look to revive the style.


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.