Please refresh the page or navigate to another page on the site to be automatically logged inPlease refresh your browser to be logged in
The Independent's journalism is supported by our readers. When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn commission. 
Other movie theater chains, including Regal and Cinemark, enforce the same rule 
I would like to be emailed about offers, events and updates from The Independent. Read our Privacy notice
Some devoted Wicked fans who showed up to AMC screenings of the film with their entire faces painted green have apparently been asked to remove the face paint before entering the theater. 
Since Jon M. Chu’s adaptation of the Broadway hit was released in theaters last weekend, a number of social media users have posted videos of themselves wearing green face paint to the movies to mimic Cynthia Erivo’s viridescent character Elphaba. 
However, it appears several fans have since been turned away and made to wash their faces off in the bathroom before being allowed into the screenings. 
“This is the dumbest rule I’ve ever heard,” a TikToker named Celine Serrano said in a recent video. “Apparently AMC won’t let you put face paint on, so they’re gonna make me wash it off in the bathroom — whatever.”
In the caption, she said: “@AMC Theatres seeing some people on tiktok getting in with facepaint - why not me??!” 
Another TikToker, whose friend was similarly turned away for wearing face paint, posted a clip of their friend wiping off their makeup in the bathroom. “PSA: Do not show up to an AMC wearing face paint, they will not let you in,” they noted, adding in the caption: “At least the Burbank AMC in L.A. won’t.”
According to the company’s website: “[Face] paint, helmets, masks (except for standard face masks used explicitly for health and safety concerns), or anything that covers the face are prohibited” due to safety concerns.
Other major movie chains, including Regal and Cinemark, Cineplex, Landmark Theatres and Marcus Theatres, also enforce similar rules.
It appears there are some theaters that have actually embraced guests who’ve arrived in costume. “Can’t relate to being kicked out of the theater. Mine let me in with all of this,” another TikToker shared in a video of them in complete head-to-toe costume as Elphaba. “[They] even took pics of me.”
Earlier this week, AMC issued a warning, informing movie-goers that they aren’t allowed to sing along to the Wicked songs at any point during the film.
In a short Wicked-themed preshow advisory video, AMC said: “At AMC Theaters, silence is golden. No talking. No texting. No singing. No wailing. No Flirting. And absolutely no name-calling. Enjoy the magic of movies.”
Speaking to IndyStar, AMC spokesperson Ryan Noonan explained that this has been the theater’s “long-standing policy” to prevent “disruptive behavior.” However, they wanted to emphasize these rules especially now before the musical debuted in theaters with classic songs like “Defying Gravity” and “Popular.”
Wicked, which also stars Ariana Grande as Glinda the Good Witch, is out in theaters now. 
Join thought-provoking conversations, follow other Independent readers and see their replies
Please refresh the page or navigate to another page on the site to be automatically logged inPlease refresh your browser to be logged in