Pete Davidson has had a seriously dramatic makeover.
The comedian made a rare public appearance after a long stint in rehab over the summer and appears to have removed all of his arm tattoos. Davidson was known for his extensive tattoo collection, which covered his torso and both arms which were completely saturated with ink.
However, judging by recent photos of the Bodies Bodies Bodies star, Pete may have decided to laser them off for good. For his first public appearance since May 2024, the 30-year-old actor wore a bright red t-shirt and simple black trousers.
READ MORE: New P Diddy party snaps emerge showing rapper surrounded by alcohol and women
READ MORE: Click for more brilliant Daily Star showbiz stories
Davidson accessorised with a black watch, sunglasses tucked into his collar and a chain necklace. He held a can of Coca Cola and smiled sweetly for the camera as he posed alongside rapper Machine Gun Kelly.
Pete’s t-shirt read: “FDNY: Fire Dept. [Ci]ty of New York,” as an homage to his father. Firefighter Scott Davidson sadly died while heroically saving victims of the 9/11 terrorist attacks back in 2001.
MGK, real name Colson Baker, wore black trousers, a white vest and a white and red striped shirt with his hair worn in two braids as the duo leaned in close to one another. Pete’s rehab visit comes after the comedian performed over 200 live shows across the US.
An insider previously told People that David’s mental health has “always been a priority” for him and another source told the publication: “Pete will often check himself into rehab to work on these issues. His friends and family have been supportive during this time.”
Davidson has also previously entered rehab for post traumatic stress disorder and borderline personality disorder. The American comedian is known for his comedy as well as his multiple high-profile relationships.
The King of Staten Island star has been previously linked to Ariana Grande, Kim Kardashian, Kaia Gerber, Kate Beckinsale and Emily Ratajkowski. Pete has also starred in Suicide Squad, Bodies Bodies Bodies and Meet Cute as well as three comedy specials.
The Daily Star is now on WhatsApp and we want you to join us!
Through the app, we'll send you the sassiest showbiz stories, some naught headline and a seismic smattering of aliens...along with the latest breaking news of course.
To join our community, all you have to do to join is click on this link, select 'Join Chat' and you're in!
No one will be able to see who has sign up and no one can send messages except for the Daily Star team. We also treat our community members to competitions, special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners.
If you don’t like our community, you can check out any time you like. To leave our community click on the name at the top of your screen and choose Exit group. If you’re curious, you can read our Privacy Notice.
CLICK HERE TO JOIN
Have you joined Threads? Follow Daily Star to keep up to date on all things showbiz here
Want all the biggest Showbiz and TV news straight to your inbox? Sign up for our free Daily Star Showbiz newsletter
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.