Ariana Grande has lashed out at comments about her appearance after fans expressed concern online.
The Wicked star, 31, became the subject of intense scrutiny during the press tour for the magical musical film as viewers speculated about her apparent weight loss.
Social media platforms have been flooded with conversations discussing whether or not the musician has lost weight during the filming of Wicked, with Grande clapping back that ‘no one has a right to say s**t.’
In a new interview with Sally, Grande was comforted by her co-star Cynthia Erivo when asked about the body speculation she has been subjected to.
‘I’ve been kind of doing this in front of the public and kind of been a specimen in a petri dish since I was 16 or 17, so I have heard it all,’ she said.
‘I’ve heard every version of it… of what’s wrong with me. And then you fix it, and then it’s wrong for different reasons. But that’s everything from – even just the simplest thing – your appearance, you know?’
The 7 Rings hitmaker went on to say ‘it’s hard to protect yourself from that noise’ when facing such personal rumours about your image.
She continued: ‘I think that it’s uncomfortable no matter what scale you’re experiencing it on. 
‘Even if you go to Thanksgiving dinner, and someone’s granny says, “Oh my God, you look skinnier! What happened?” or “You look heavier! What happened?”‘
The Disney star said the comments can be ‘uncomfortable and horrible’ and slammed the ‘comfortability that people have’ when it comes to commenting on other people’s appearance.
 ‘I think it’s dangerous for all parties involved,’ she admitted.
‘You all can protect yourselves from that noise — whether it’s at a family reunion or online. If you gotta block people, I don’t care if you have to delete the app entirely — you keep yourself safe because no one has the right to say s**t.’
It’s not the first time Grande has had to speak out against fans commenting on her body, with the singer sharing a video to TikTok urging people to be kinder.
‘I just wanted to address your concerns about my body and talk a little bit about what it means to be a person with a body and to be seen and to be paid such close attention to,’ she began.
To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web
							browser that
							supports HTML5
								video
Up Next
‘You’ve been talking about it for a decade or longer so I’d like to join in this time.
‘I think we could be, I think we should be gentler and less comfortable commenting on people’s bodies, no matter what. If you think you’re saying something good or well-intentioned, whatever it is, healthy, unhealthy, big, small, this, that, sexy, nonsense – we just should really work towards not doing that as much.
‘There are ways to compliment someone or to ignore something that you see that you don’t like, that I think we should help each other work towards.
‘We should aim toward being safer, and keeping each other safer.’
Wicked is in cinemas now.
Got a story?
If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.
Arrow
MORE: Major rumoured Glastonbury headliner dashes hopes with ‘surprise’ festival announcement
Arrow
MORE: Iconic 90s horror sequel has fans ‘hooked’ with menacing first look photo
Arrow
MORE: 80s rock star in ‘last chance saloon’ with treatment for aggressive cancer