Ariana DeBose (born 1991), who won a Best Supporting Actress Oscar as Anita in “West Side Story” (2021), hosts Broadway’s Tony Awards tonight for the third year in a row.
Ariana’s originally the Portuguese and Arianna the Italian form of Greek “Ariadne.” Ancient Greeks interpreted Ariadne as “most holy,” though it may have pre-Greek roots as the name of a Minoan goddess.
In Greek legend, Ariadne’s a Cretan princess who cleverly saves Athenian hero Theseus from the monstrous Minotaur by giving him a ball of string to unravel and find his way out of the Labyrinth. Ariadne flees Crete with Theseus, but he abandons her on the island of Naxos. There she’s rescued by, and later marries, the god Dionysus.
The Italian Renaissance revived interest in Greek myths. In 1608 Duke Vincenzo Gonzaga of Mantua commissioned Claudio Monteverdi to write opera “L’Arianna” based on Ariadne’s legend. Though most of its music is lost, Monteverdi published separately the aria “Arianna’s Lament,” still frequently performed today.
Monteverdi inspired many later composers to write operas about Ariadne’s story, including George Frideric Handel’s “Arianna in Creta” (1734). Almost all were in Italian, opera’s traditional language, and called Ariadne “Arianna.”
Meanwhile in 1632 French novelist Jean Desmarets published “Ariane,” a tale set in ancient Rome where Ariane discovers slave girl Epicharis is the sister of her lover Melinte. The 1641 English translation was titled “Ariana.”
The operas and novel inspired a few Americans to name daughters Ariana. Ariana Jennings (1730-1801), mother of Edmund Randolph, the second U.S. secretary of state, was named after her mother Ariana Vanderheyden (1690-1741). Her granddaughter Ariana Wormeley Curtis (1834-1922) wrote the play “The Spirit of Seventy-Six” in 1868. This depicts a future America where women have equal rights with men.
The 1850 United States census included 303 women named Ariana or Arianna. In 1950, with a population over six and a half times larger, there were only 160.
Ariana first entered the top thousand baby names in 1978, at 924th place. In 1980 it jumped to 598th, helped by Puerto Rican telenovela “Ariana, Un Amor De Leyenda” (“Ariana, A Legendary Love”). There Ariana, daughter of wealthy Don Pedro, falls in love with poor gypsy Dario — and eventually discovers gypsy Salome switched newborns in revenge for Pedro murdering her husband, so Ariana is really the poor gypsy and Dario heir to Pedro’s fortune.
In the 1990s Arianna Huffington (born Ariadne-Anna Stasinopoulou in Greece in 1950) became a media political commentator — first conservative, later switching to liberal. Her fame, along with Arianna’s “different but not too different” similarity to Erin, Ariel and Brianna, helped the name grow.
In 2009, soap “Days of Our Lives” introduced character Arianna Hernandez. Though she ran into traffic and was killed in 2010, in 2013 baby Arianna Horton, her niece, was born. In 2011, Ariana and Arianna combined ranked 16th.
Then Ariana Grande became a huge phenomenon when debut album “Yours Truly” (2013) was a major hit. Ariana spiked 20% to rank ninth in 2014.
Since then Ariana’s had a precipitous fall, with all spellings combined ranking 59th in 2023. Part of that may be competition from Aria and Arya, promoted by “Game of Thrones.” Still, the tens of thousands of Arianas born the last four decades will be making names for themselves for quite some time.
Receive the latest in local entertainment news in your inbox weekly!
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.