There is a show coming to the North East in just a matter of days that is an absolute MUST for every millennial out there. Yes guys, it's time to go back to the days of playing snake on your Nokia 3210; and girls you might want to find some jeans and a nice top as &Juliet is a show that will speak to your soul.
An all singing, all dancing re-telling of William Shakespeare's most famous love story, the Olivier Award winning musical has a soundtrack that puts even the best Now album ever to shame. This is all killer, no filler at its absolute finest; like one of those rare albums that you can listen to all the way through without wanting to skip any tracks.
Ever fancied seeing a former X Factor winner singing a Backstreet Boys banger while pretending to be William Shakespeare? Or perhaps I can tempt you with the prospect of Juliet belting out Roar by Katy Perry from her famous balcony or a mashup of The Weeknd's Can't Feel My Face and Ariana Grande's Problem?
READ MORE: Two floor Newcastle night club now 'deserted' after packed out party past
Get all the latest TV and showbiz news and gossip from Chronicle Live with our free newsletter
All of those things happen in &Juliet and, to be honest, are just the tip of a iceberg that will have you filled with nostalgic joy, as the songs by world renowned producer Max Martin are used to soundtrack the tale of the two star crossed lovers, as it is turned completely on its head.
No longer having to share top billing with Romeo, Juliet is 'breaking free' (to hint at another Ariana hit that's featured) and telling her own story in the musical which will open at Sunderland Empire on Tuesday, September 10 and run until September 21.
*Tickets to see &Juliet at Sunderland Empire are available HERE
I was lucky enough to catch the current UK tour in Manchester in July and by the time the lights came up for the interval, I didn't know whether I wanted to audition to be the sixth Backstreet Boy or attempt to squeeze into Britney Spears' Oops I Did it Again catsuit! Any millennial who goes to see &Juliet (and you most definitely should) will have no need for a pack of Hubba Bubba as you will get all the bubblegum you need from the very generous helping of pop perfection delivered in the soundtrack.
Other songs given a Shakespearian stagey twist include Backstreet Boys' Larger Than Life, Everybody, Shape of My Heart and I Want it That Way, Celine Dion's very underrated pop anthem That's The Way It is, Britney's Stronger, N*Sync's It's Gonna Be Me and Jessie J's Domino.
Sold yet? Well, if the songs from when pop music what as its peak doesn't have you running to the Empire box office shouting 'take my money NOW!' how about I mention the absolutely fantastic cast who perform them?
With recognisable faces like X Factor 2010 champ Matt Cardle and popular TV medic Dr Ranj sharing a stage with some unbelievable emerging talent, &Juliet has an embarrassment of riches when it comes to amazing performers.
Millennials, consider this both your rallying call but also your warning. If you don't get tickets to see &Juliet next week, you might end up as crushed as when you complained about Will beating Gareth on Pop Idol but didn't actually bother to vote!
Join our Great North Run WhatsApp community for all the latest news and essential info on this year's run, sent direct to your phone.
To join you need to have WhatsApp on your device. All you need to do is choose which community you want to join, click on the link and press 'join community'.
No one will be able to see who is signed up and no one can send messages except the ChronicleLive team.
We also treat our community members to special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners.
If you don't like our community, you can check out any time you like. To leave our community click on the name at the top of your screen and choose 'exit group'.
If you’re curious, you can read our privacy notice.
CLICK HERE TO JOIN