Published:  15:44, 15 June 2024   |  Updated:  17:14, 15 June 2024   
 30
View  comments
This adorable youngster grew up to become one of the most famous singers in the world.
Born in Boca Raton, Florida to a communications CEO and a graphic design firm owner, she began her performance career playing the title character in the musical Annie.
She moved to LA to record her first album as a teenager before landing her first acting roles on Broadway and with Nickelodeon.
Her debut album followed aged just 19, with her breakthrough coming the following year with her acclaimed second album - which featured a superstar collaboration with a British singer and American rapper.
An anthemic song about her exes dropped in 2018 - topping charts all over the world - with the star later netting two Grammys.
Her most recent music video sees her star alongside a Gossip girl alum - while her personal life has attracted controversy with a shock new love after her marriage split.
So can you guess who she is?
This adorable youngster grew up to become one of the most famous singers in the world - can you guess who she is?
It's Ariana Grande! The Thank U, Next singer is now preparing for her first movie lead role in the upcoming musical adaptation of Wicked - in which she plays Glinda The Good Witch.
The star was raised in Florida where she began performing with the Fort Lauderdale Children's Theater.
At the tender age of eight she captivated crowds with karaoke performances on a cruise ship and later, with orchestras including  South Florida's Philharmonic.
In 2008, Grande was cast as cheerleader Charlotte in the Broadway musical 13 and the following year landed the role of Cat Valentine on Nickelodeon show, Victorious. She would go on to reprise her role in spin-off, Sam & Cat.
She released her debut album Yours Truly in 2013 which debuted atop the Billboard Hot 100 - and would later support Justin Bieber on his Believe Tour.
Her vocals - including her whistle notes - drew favorable comparisons to vocal powerhouses Mariah Carey and Whitney Houston. 
2014 saw the release of her second album - My Everything - which featured three hit tracks, Problem, Break Free and Jessie J and Nicki Minaj collaboration, Bang Bang.
It's Ariana Grande! The Thank U, Next singer is now preparing for her first movie lead role in the upcoming musical adaptation of Wicked - in which she plays Glinda The Good Witch 
Her new music video for The Boy Is Mine - a reimagining of the Brandy and Monica hit - sees the sultry star play an obsessed stalker who is following You star, Penn Badgley 
The star has courted controversy after her split from husband Dalton Gomez - by sparking up a romance with Wicked co-star Ethan Slater - seen June
She plays Glinda The Good Witch in the upcoming film adaptation of Wicked alongside Cynthia Erivo as Elphaba
The star is pictured with ex-husband Dalton in 2023 
2016 Album Dangerous Woman was a critical and commercial success while 2018 album Sweetener won the star her first Grammy for Best Pop Vocal Album.
2019 album Thank U, Next included Grande's most successful single of the same name, in which she referenced her many famous exes including the late Mac Miller and ex fiancee Pete Davidson.
She now ranks among the world's best-selling music artists, with over 85 million records sold.
Her latest album Eternal Sunshine and lead single, Yes, And? both debuted in the top spots in the US - with the track referencing the backlash she received over her new romance with Wicked co-star Ethan Slater. 
She married Dalton Gomez in 2021 with the pair splitting in 2024. She then sparked up a romance with Slater - who himself was married with a young baby.
Her new music video for The Boy Is Mine - a reimagining of the Brandy and Monica hit - sees the sultry star play an obsessed stalker who is following You star, Penn Badgley. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group