When a major fashion house agrees to dress a star for the Oscars, they aren’t doing it out of the goodness of their haute hearts. They’re doing it because they want visibility for their brands. 
An actor wearing a label’s designs in front of a televised and online audience of millions is yet another form of marketing—as well as a starry, showman’s way of displaying the strength of their atelier. (Balenciaga, for example, recreated a 1951 archival dress by Cristóbal Balenciaga for Carey Mulligan. “It’s my favorite dress,” Mulligan told Vogue.) 
Then, there’s the near-guaranteed increase of a brand’s luxury factor. If an in-demand celebrity opts for a certain designer on their biggest night of the year, the general public will also notice the rarefied status of said designer. That alone can lead to a financial bump: In 2021, Giorgio Armani told Women’s Wear Daily that red-carpet dressing “was about prestige and dreams, but those lead to dollars and cents.”
So, now that the Dolby Theater dust around the Oscars has almost settled, which images and videos of which dresses got the most social media likes? Vogue decided to look at our own data—namely, which of our Instagram posts received the most attention—to find out.
Below, the five Oscars 2024 dresses that stopped our followers in their scroll.
This content can also be viewed on the site it originates from.
This content can also be viewed on the site it originates from.
This content can also be viewed on the site it originates from.
This content can also be viewed on the site it originates from.
This content can also be viewed on the site it originates from.
Oscars 2024 Red Carpet: See All the Celebrity Fashion, Outfits & Looks
Oscars 2024 Live Updates: Follow Along With Vogue Editors During the Red Carpet & Ceremony
Everything You Need to Know About the 2024 Oscars
43 Oscar-Nominated Films That You Can Stream Right Now
At the 2024 Oscars, the Battle for Best Actress Is the One to Watch
The 11 Biggest Snubs and Surprises From the 2024 Oscar Nominations
More from Vogue
See More Stories
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Vogue may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
CN Fashion & Beauty