arts entertainmentPop Music
By Uwa Ede-OsifoBreaking Features Reporter
Breaking Features Reporter
As a child in Mesquite, Tayla Parx would go toe-to-toe with her cousins (all boys) in backyard football games.
During one particularly spirited match, a then-7-year-old Parx ran into a fence, and returned home with a black eye. “I had pictures I had to take two days later. My mom was running around like ‘Oh my baby!’ ” recalled Parx, now 30 and a singer-songwriter who has penned chart-topping hits including 2019′s “7 Rings” with Ariana Grande.
On her third album, Many Moons, Many Suns, which came out July 12, Parx waxes nostalgic about rough-housing with her family: “My cousins threw down like they meant it / And I might look like, but I never felt like a small fry,” she sings on “I Don’t Talk About Texas.”
Catch up on the day's news you need to know.
Or with: 
By signing up you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
Born-and-raised Texans, she says, are among the first to announce where they’re from — and she’s no exception. “All of the things that people love about me, when I’m in different countries and different states, it has a lot to do with the fact that I’m from Texas,” she says.
A former child actress, Parx lived in Los Angeles for nearly two decades before recently relocating to a ranch in Nashville where she grows her own food and tends to chickens and goats. She plans to return to Dallas for an upcoming album tour for which dates have not yet been announced.
For all her state pride, memories of her childhood did not appear in her music until this latest project, an admission she makes in the title of “I Don’t Talk About Texas.”
It’s not that she’s never talked about the Lone Star State — her Texas drawl lingers obstinately, despite past acting coaches trying to train her out of rendering all the characters she played as Southern.
But, Parx says, she never before explored in her music how her Texas childhood influenced who she is today. Growing up in a religious state as a queer person, for starters, shaped her boundaries when it comes to romance.
“I’m more spiritual than I am religious,” she said. “Having to think about whether loving somebody’s right or wrong is not something I really ever cared about.”
Although “I Don’t Talk About Texas” is an outlier on the album because of its focus on her childhood, it complements the overarching themes of heartache, sexual fluidity and blithe flirtation.
The album ends with the beginning (Parx’s childhood) and begins with the end (of Parx’s relationship).
One night, as she recounts in “Dream Hotel,” she’s engaged to her fiancée. The next, their engagement is off.
The unexpected breakup caused  heartbreak unlike anything she’d weathered before, Parx said. “When something breaks you down, there’s only one way to go and that’s build yourself back up,” she adds.
Her lyrics reflect that process. “These songs will come from your subconscious,” she says. “All of a sudden, you’re like, I didn’t know that that was in me. I didn’t know that I needed to say that.”
It’s a weighty journey as Parx reckons with a future without the love she imagined, particularly on “This Was Supposed To Be Our Wedding Song.” But there are pockets of levity and humor elsewhere on the album.
On her 30th birthday last September, Parx had four exes in one room. (“It’s a very queer thing,” she says about remaining friends with exes.) In hindsight, she concedes this gathering was a “terrible idea.”
Things got tense with one ex during the celebration, and she later called one of the others to vent, a conversation she drew inspiration from for the song “Emotional Support Ex.”
“They were like, you know that it’s really crazy that you’re talking to me about this person that I didn’t want you to date in the first place, but I’m gonna be there for you,” she says.
In divulging these thorny scenarios in her album, Parx hopes fans will not only better understand her, but themselves.
“When you’re getting to know the artist, you’re getting to know yourself,” she said. “A lot of the time, you lean into art that reflects your values or is an escape for you.”
Uwa is a breaking features reporter. She covers breaking and trending news related to arts and culture. She also writes features about subcultures, music, film and TV.

Uwa previously reported on general assignment for NBC News Digital and wrote about politics for Slate. She also has work published in Vulture and Time Out.
Join the conversation
Thank you for reading. We welcome your thoughts on this topic. Comments are moderated for adherence to our Community Guidelines. Please read the guidelines before participating.