If you are struggling with dry, brittle or damaged hair, then investing in a treatment product is well worth it. There are plenty available on the market, at different price points, but Olaplex is arguably one of the most popular choices. The high-end brand isn't cheap, but thankfully, we've spotted a deal on Amazon that can get you £10 off the No.3 Hair Perfector Repairing Treatment, now £18.95 was £28. 
The treatment is designed to repair dry or damaged hair and is particularly useful for those with coloured hair or who wear hair extensions. Simply apply it to dry hair, leave it to sink in for three minutes, and then rinse it out. It's suitable for all hair types, whether you have thin or thick hair or straight or curly locks. 
The hair treatment has a 4.3 rating on Amazon and more than 123,000 customer reviews, with some crediting it for helping their hair grow. 96,559 customers who bought the product left a five-star review. And more than 8,000 bottles have been purchased on Amazon in the past month. 
READ MORE: Cadbury's 1kg Dairy Milk hamper is perfect for Christmas and cheaper than Tesco
READ MORE: Stacey Solomon space-saving shoe storage solution now less than £25 on Amazon
One shopper said: "Olaplex is the reason that my hair has been able to grow so long and still look healthy and thick. It is fantastic, and I know sometimes it gets some hate on social media, but I am a fan. My favourite is the number 6 hands down, but this is really good when I want my hair to look smooth and amazing immediately. It is expensive and in a small bottle, but it lasts for a really long time, so in my mind, it is worth it."
A second said: "Took my extensions out to try and grow my hair and this has been a lifesaver at repairing my hair." A third added: "After six months of using Olaplex twice monthly my hair is growing faster and is in fantastic condition. My hair is shiny and healthy now."
A fourth added: "Been using this one month (four applications). I can honestly say this has made a huge difference already! I do use another product in between using this as well to ensure I maintain a good hair routine. My hair is so thin and quite short and this has honestly made it grow two inches since I have brought it!! My lockdown roots are 3/4 inches long, and you can’t even tell. Usually, my hair looks thinner, but this is good stuff. Treat yourself."
Not all customers were happy. One wrote: "Purchased this because it has so many positive reviews, but can honestly say that it made no difference to my hair. Was expecting a just left the salon feel, but nope. Wouldn’t say it’s worth the money when my Aussie products give a better result." A second displeased customer simply said: "Is really watery. Did nothing to improve the condition of my hair." 
Elsewhere, Kérastase's Genesis Hair Serum has recently been popular on TikTok. The leave-in scalp treatment is to be used daily to help protect, condition, and minimise the risk of breakage. The serum boasts ultra-nurturing properties to help nourish the hair from root to tip. You can pick it up at Boots for £47.
Color Wow's Money Masque is another strong contender. The deep conditioning treatment hydrates, restores, strengthens, and promotes silky, healthy hair. Created in collaboration with A-list hairstylist Chris Appleton (think Kim Kardashian and Ariana Grande), can help you get ultra-glossy locks. You can buy it from LookFantastic for £39.50.