Boots shoppers are rushing to get Kylie Jenner's new perfume now that it's a third off in Star Gift offer in the run up to Christmas. Cosmic would typically cost £55 but has dropped down to £36.66. 
It was released earlier this year with Nicole Mancini Issaq on the nose. It's been praised for its value for money and also how 'feminine' it smells.
It opens up with notes of Star Jasmine and Blood Orange before deepening to a heart of Amber and Red Peony. The base notes are simple with just Musk, Vanilla and Cedar.
READ MORE: Top five Wowcher Black Friday deals with tricks and tips for finding even more
READ MORE: Sky's £19 a month Black Friday deal offers cheaper TV streaming without a pesky satellite dish
It's brought in an average rating of 4.4 out of 5 from more than 2,000 reviews. One shopper said: "Fantastic perfume and value for money, smells amazing lasts a long time. Normally I find celeb perfumes are a bit naff, but I am very impressed with Kylie Jenner for this perfume, and I will definitely buy it again."
A second wrote: "After seeing reviews, I finally caved in to purchase. I love Kylie and support all of her products, but for perfumes, I'm more picky. This did not disappoint. It smells sweet, feminine, and not too overpowering."
A third penned: "The perfume smells delicious, and I absolutely love the scent! Initially, I wasn't planning to repurchase due to its lack of longevity. However, after spraying it all over my skin after my shower, I discovered it lasted the entire day, and I couldn't help but smell myself. The trick is to spray it on your skin to smell great throughout the day."
A fourth added: "This is one of my favourite perfumes, it smells so good; elegant, classy, sexy, for going out or business, any or every day/night! I get compliments on it! I originally bought the travel size to try first, than bought a bottle and now want to buy another one since I'm out!"
Not everyone is such a fan, some people have complained about the longevity. One wrote: "I purchased this on Wednesday. I wore it on the weekend both days did not last on me. I cannot speak for others, but by the time I got to my destination, no one could tell the scent I was wearing."
Cosmic is proving popular with fans of celebrity perfumes such as Eilish by Billie Eilish, which is currently £39.20 on LookFantastic, and Ariana Grande's Cloud which is also £36.66 at Boots at the minute. You can get Cosmic for £36.66 on Boots now.