By ARTHUR PARASHAR  
 Published:  16:31, 9 February 2024   |  Updated:  16:59, 9 February 2024   
 1
View  comments
Manchester bombing conspiracy theorist Richard D Hall has been making money out of his outlandish claims for several years, MailOnline can reveal.
Hall, who claims that those injured in the 2017 bombing at an Ariana Grande concert were all 'crisis actors', is flogging his books, DVDs and twisted merchandise on his website and through retail giant Amazon.
The so-called 'disaster troll' not only disputes the attack which left 22 dead and hundreds more injured, but also tries to debunk the disappearance of Madeleine McCann, 9/11 and the murder of MP Jo Cox to name but a few.
Hall, the son of a chicken farmer, has written a book called 'Manchester - The Night of the Bang' which is on sale for a staggering £50 on Amazon. 
The description for the 495-page book which was published in April 2020 says: 'No images showing evidence of a death in the arena foyer, nor evidence of a serious injury within the arena foyer have been produced.'
Suicide bomber Salman Abedi, 22, detonated his shrapnel-packed homemade device inside the Manchester Arena on May 22 2017.
But Hall's efforts to make money off the back of the Manchester tragedy do not stop there. He also sells Madeleine McCann DVD display stands for £7.50, mugs for £6, t-shirts for £15 and pens for £3.
He has 141 products for sale on his online store, including a film about murdered TV presenter Jill Dando.
Richard D Hall (pictured) is a conspiracy theorist who claims that the Manchester terror attack did not happen. He is seen here setting up a camera to see if survivor Eve Hibbert was faking her injuries 
Hall, the son of a chicken farmer, has written a book called 'Manchester - The Night of the Bang' which is on sale for a staggering £50 on Amazon.
Richard Hall also sells this Madeleine McCann DVD stand on his online shop for £7.50
And he sells DVDs tying to debunk the murders of MP Jo Cox and TV presenter Jill Dando for £4 each
His mugs with his own name plastered across are also sold on his online shop for £6 each
His £4 DVD called 'Kill Jill - The Dando Assassination Explained' was filmed in 2017-18. Ms Dando was shot dead on her doorstep by a single bullet in the head, on April 26, 1999.
It's description reads: 'Following on from the success of his Madeleine McCann investigative films, Richard D. Hall turns his attention to the 1999 assassination of Jill Dando.'
It adds: There are many theories about why she was murdered, this film looks at all of them and brings comprehensive evidence to light, which was not considered by the official investigation. 
'Richard D. Hall firmly believes the hunt for the killer was deliberately steered by British Intelligence, away from the true perpetrators. If the state become involved in a crime, then the police who are ran by the state will never be allowed to solve it. 
'Prepare to open your mind and discover the truth behind one of the UK's most prominent unsolved murders.'
Hall's £4 film 'Exit From Brexit - The Jo Cox Departure' claims to prove 'beyond reasonable doubt that the official version of events is wholly untrue. 
It adds: 'Richard presents compelling evidence that the man blamed for the attack was a patsy and played no part in any murder, if indeed there was a murder.'
Labour MP Ms Cox was viciously shot and stabbed to death by a far-Right extremist while she met constituents in 2016.
An insider who used to appear in Hall's videos told the BBC that Hall had admitted several years ago that he did not actually believe theories about staged attacks. He described it as being 'nonsense'.
CCTV image of Salman Abedi at Victoria Station making his way to the Manchester Arena
The victims were (top row, from left) Elaine McIver, 43, Saffie-Rose Roussos, 8, Sorrell Leczkowski, 14, Eilidh MacLeod, 14, (second row, from left) Nell Jones, 14, Olivia Campbell-Hardy, 15, Megan Hurley, 15, Georgina Callander, 18, (third row, from left), Chloe Rutherford, 17, Liam Curry, 19, Courtney Boyle, 19, and Philip Tron, 32, (fourth row, from left) John Atkinson, 26, Martyn Hett, 29, Kelly Brewster, 32, Angelika Klis, 39, (fifth row, from left) Marcin Klis, 42, Michelle Kiss, 45, Alison Howe, 45, and Lisa Lees, 43 (fifth row, from left) Wendy Fawell, 50 and Jane Tweddle, 51 
Richard Hall outside the High Court last month, where Martin and Eve Hibbert, survivors of the bombings, have taken landmark legal action against him for defamation and harassment 
However, the source said that they think Hall has now convinced himself of the conspiracy theories.
'He's coming at it from the perspective that he's unearthed a massive fraud that has been perpetuated on the world, essentially. And so he's wanting to uncover that for the greater good,' they said last April.
Hall's online shop also features a 'compilation USB stick' of his 24 investigations into cases such as the Manchester bombing for £15. 
He gives talks about his work across the country and online and sells his work through his website.
Hall claims to do an annual talk, although in 2020 it was cancelled due to Covid restrictions. After this, he tried to expose the pandemic as another conspiracy and now sells £4 car stickers which say: 'RICHPLANET TV EXPOSING THE COVID SCAM'.
He used to sell his books and merchandise at a market stall in Merthyr Tydfil in south Wales but the local council shut this down.
His YouTube account, which had amassed 80,000 subscribers was also removed days after a BBC panorama investigation found he had visited the homes of victims.
Martin and Eve Hibbert, a father and daughter who were left with life-changing injuries from the attack, have brought legal action against Hall for for harassment, misuse of private information and data protection.
Hall is seen being confronted by the BBC's Marianna Spring
Eve Hibbert (left) and her father Martin (right) were injured in the attack - and are now suing Richard Hall
Martin Hibbert was paralysed during the Manchester bombings
Hall (pictured) claims that the Manchester Arena bombing in 2017 was staged
In a landmark legal victory yesterday, a High Court judge ruled in their favour and ruled that Hall's claim that the Manchester attack was staged by government agencies is 'absurd and fantastical'.
Eve, who now requires a wheelchair, was in hospital for ten months after suffering brain damage and losing the use of her arm and leg. She had been covered with t-shirts and presumed dead. 
In one video shared online, Hall horrifically visited Eve's home and set up a camera disguised in fake plant foliage which he planned to use to see whether she could walk.
Hall, whose videos have generated more than 16 million views online, later claimed he left 'a camera rolling' in his van which was 'parked in a public place'.
He acknowledged in his video that Eve left the house in a wheelchair but added there was 'no evidence' her injury was from the bombing.
CCTV shows the father and daughter had tickets and were at the concert but Hall claims they were 'likely harmed before the attack and recruited but did not attend'.
Hall now faces being 'shut down' after a judge branded his allegations 'absurd and fantastical' yesterday.
Along with her father Martin, Eve is bringing legal action against Hall seeking damages for harassment, misuse of private information and data protection.
Suicide bomber Salman Abedi was responsible for the attack at the Ariana Grande concert
It is the first time such action has been launched in the UK against a conspiracy theorist in a bid to prevent them spreading harmful mistruths.
Yesterday, a judge ruled in the father and daughter's favour and threw out Hall's attempt to use in his defence allegations that survivors were lying about their injuries, branding them 'simply preposterous'.
The judge concluded: 'I find that the defendant has not discharged the evidential burden which rests on him. He has no real prospect, indeed no prospect at all, of success on the issues and I will resolve them in the claimants' favour.'
The summary judgment - a legal step to decide parts of the case without a trial - means he faces hefty legal bills – and cannot use the claims if the remainder of the case goes to trial.
On his website, Hall begs his 'supporters' to help him raise money for his legal battle. 
He even says: 'If you are donating a large sum, then bank transfer is preferable because it avoids a commission fee.'
The conspiracy theorist also separately asks for donations and makes it clear that they are a 'gift' for him.
It says: 'If you wish to donate a gift to Richard D. Hall please use buttons below. NOTE: The payment will be made purely as a gift and is not payment for any goods or services.
'It is not a payment to supplement trading or other business or to enable the recipient to carry on business or otherwise to preserve and maintain trading stability and solvency. It is a personal gift.'
Mr Hibbert told the BBC: 'I'm all for freedom of speech but it crosses the line when you're saying I'm an actor or I've not got a spinal cord injury or Eve's not disabled, she's not in a wheelchair.
'He is profiting from other people's suffering and I won't have it. He can say what he wants about me, but when it comes to my daughter and those people who have lost loved ones it's too far. We have enough to deal with just getting through day-to-day life without him.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have been moderated in advance.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group