This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      
Paris Hilton arrived to the Grammys red carpet in a green dress.
Paris Hilton’s trailer was up in flames after an accidental fire broke out while she was filming a video project. 
Hilton, 43, took to her social media on Friday to share photos of her charred trailer following the tragic aftermath.
"Sadly an accidental fire broke out in my trailer on the set of my music video today," Hilton wrote on Instagram. 
PARIS HILTON'S ‘WILD’ NIGHTS WITH BRITNEY SPEARS AND LINDSAY LOHAN: ‘THE HOLY TRINITY’
Paris Hilton, 43, took to her social media to share that an "accidental fire broke out." (Instagram/Paris Hilton)
"As heartbreaking as it is, I'm so thankful everyone is safe and I'm incredibly grateful for the amazing support I have around me."
The hotel heiress continued to thank her team in the post, which included music video director Hannah Lux Davis, along with celebrity friends Heidi Klum, Meghan Trainor and Lance Bass. No injuries were sustained from the incident.
Former "Simple Life" star Paris Hilton shared photos of her burnt trailer after a fire occurred while she was filming a music video project. (Getty Images)
Film director Davis is known for her famous video projects, as she’s worked with A-list celebrities including Ariana Grande and Doja Cat in the past. 
Meanwhile, Hilton shared a second image in her Instagram Stories of burnt belongings from the trailer fire.
Hilton shared a second image on her social media of burnt belongings following the tragic aftermath.  
"Not how I expected my music video shoot for ‘Bad B--ch Academy’ to go," she wrote with a broken heart emoji.
While Hilton deemed everyone safe from the fire, she continued to share a photo of her and Klum on set with the caption, "The show must go on…"
PARIS HILTON, NICOLE RICHIE TO STAR IN NEW REALITY SHOW TOGETHER
While Hilton deemed everyone safe from the fire, she continued to share a photo of her and Klum on set with the caption, "The show must go on…" (Instagram/Paris Hilton)
The former "Simple Life" star is seen posing with the German supermodel on a runway, as paparazzi surrounded the two icons. The lit-up room was filled with pink strobe lights and sparkling chandeliers. 
LIKE WHAT YOU’RE READING? CLICK HERE FOR MORE ENTERTAINMENT NEWS
Klum, 51, additionally posted a video on her social media, as Hilton said, "love you," accompanied by the caption, "With the one and only." Klum donned a hot pink plunge dress, while Hilton wore a baby blue frill ensemble. 
APP USERS CLICK HERE TO VIEW POST
A post shared by Heidi Klum (@heidiklum)
CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR THE ENTERTAINMENT NEWSLETTER
N*SYNC alum Bass did not share any details about the fire on his social media.
Hilton’s project "Infinite Icon" will be her second studio album and is scheduled to be released in September.
Hotel heiress Paris Hilton has two children with husband Carter Reum (Photo by Kevin Mazur/Getty Images for The Recording Academy)
CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP
Reps for Hilton did not immediately respond to Fox News Digital’s request for comment regarding the fire. 
Stephanie Giang-Paunon is an Entertainment Writer for Fox News Digital. Story tips can be sent to stephanie.giang@fox.com and on Twitter: @SGiangPaunon.
Get a daily look at the top news in music, movies, television and more in the entertainment industry.
By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use, and
        agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can
        opt-out at any time.
Subscribed

      You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!
    

        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by
        Factset. Powered and implemented by
        FactSet Digital Solutions.
        Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by
        Refinitiv Lipper.