Monica is a Newsweek reporter based in Boston. Her focus is reporting on breaking news. Monica joined Newsweek in 2024. She is a graduate of Clark University, with a master's from both Clark University and Northwestern University. She was part of the team named a finalist for the Goldsmith Prize for Investigation as well as a winner of the George Polk award for their work uncovering Phillips Respironics wrongdoings with their breathing machines. You can get in touch with Monica by emailing m.sager@newsweek.com. Languages: English.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
Target has given Santa a hot seasonal makeover.
The store kicked off its holiday campaign on November 17 with a new team member. "Kris from Target" was introduced to customers as a charming worker from the North Pole who is ready to deck the halls. Advertisement viewers are calling out Kris for bringing the holiday vibes -- and more -- to Target.
"Meet Kris, our newest Target Team Member," Target's YouTube description reads. "He loves the holidays as much as the next guy. Actually, way more than the next guy. Actually, way more than anyone we know."
Lisa Roath, the executive vice president and chief marketing officer at Target, told Newsweek that the campaign plays off how "joy and magic live in our aisles."
"As shoppers move further into the season, and their holiday checklists
become the priority, we bring them 'Kris from Target.' This new campaign introduces a joyful new Target team member who is ready to help our guests complete any holiday shopping mission – with a touch of magic," Roath said. "In a series of spots, we follow Kris who knows just the right gift, holiday meal staple, or unbelievable Black Friday and Cyber Monday deals – and they're always at an incredible value."
The 30-second ad, "Born to Be Kris," modernizes the Santa everyone knows. Instead of a robust, jolly fellow in a red fuzzy robe, Target's character is fit, wears a red zip-up and has closely cut silver hair.
"So, does his last name rhyme with jingle, you ask?" the YouTube description reads. "HR won't let us say. But what we can say is we're so excited to welcome him to the team this season."
The muscular Kris rides to Target in a red Ford Bronco truck. The license plate reads "Sleigh," and the song "Born to be Wild" plays on.
The clip starts with Kris in a house decked out for Christmas. A naughty and nice list hangs from a typewriter, and ornaments and garland decorate the room, which is lit by a fire. Kris gets into his Bronco and drives through the snow, which is overseen by two reindeer.
The truck has a "little trees" scent and a wreath decoration on its hood.
Kris pulls up to Target, hops out of the truck, and checks himself out in the side mirror as he straightens his "Kris K." Target nametag. The ad ends with him walking into the store.
Target told Newsweek that Kris "highlights how Target's best-in-class team makes every shopping trip joyful, easy and stress-free in a way that only Target can." The company called Kris' role as a team member his "most important characteristic."
The advertisement is being played on social media platforms, television and streaming services. The campaign was developed and produced by Target Creative and Mythology. EssenceMediacom supported with media duties.
There's also a "He's Hot But These Target Turkey Deals Are Hotter" commercial in which Kris approaches a woman who is checking out the $.79 per pound Target turkey deals.
"Let me guess, you don't believe in Santa either," Kris said. "These turkey deals are the real deal."
Kris appears in another "Kris from Target" ad, which seems to be a spoof of "Jake from State Farm" as the sexy Santa is wearing a red sweater and khaki pants.
Kris lists off a set of gifts and says he needs to get "presents delivered everywhere around. " He pauses before he reassesses and says, "Store."
"Be like Kris and do your treecep curls because Target's Huge Black Friday sale is on now with up to 50% off everything from trees to Beats to Barbies," the video's YouTube description reads.
In the turkey deal advertisement, the woman says Kris is "weirdly hot," and many viewers seem to agree.
Actor Brent Bailey, who previously starred in The Idea of You and The Lincoln Lawyer, is the face behind Target's Kris. This is not Bailey's first run with holiday cheer, either, as he starred in a Christmas movie called The Holiday Dating Guide in 2022.
After the first advertisement was released, Bailey posted a photo of himself and said, "The caption options are so endless that I can't choose."
A post shared by instagram
Commenters ' caption suggestions on Instagram included "Zaddy Claus," "Chimneys weren't ready for this level of holiday charm," and "Sleigh Boy!"
The Target Santa has garnered some love on TikTok, as well.
"So I just saw something," @melodiecoxbehnke said in a video. "Go up to this little magnifying glass and type in Target Santa. You're welcome."
One user, @wisebutwild, posted a funny video reacting to the clip, showing her lowering her sunglasses as her jaw hits the floor when she sees Kris.
Target has rebranded Santa... Well done Target #target #targetsanta #marketing #targetaudience
Another video by @5girlsandabeach wrote a caption asking if "anybody else weirdly attracted to Santa now?"
@breezleweezle made a video with Ariana Grande's song "Last Christmas" and has her making double-takes, smiling and raising her eyebrows at the new Target worker.
"Me suddenly in the Christmas spirit after seeing target's Santa this year," the video reads, with the caption, "@target you have our attention..."
Update 11/27/24, 11:55 a.m. ET: This article was updated with comment from Lisa Roath and additional information.
Monica is a Newsweek reporter based in Boston. Her focus is reporting on breaking news. Monica joined Newsweek in 2024. She is a graduate of Clark University, with a master's from both Clark University and Northwestern University. She was part of the team named a finalist for the Goldsmith Prize for Investigation as well as a winner of the George Polk award for their work uncovering Phillips Respironics wrongdoings with their breathing machines. You can get in touch with Monica by emailing m.sager@newsweek.com. Languages: English.
Monica is a Newsweek reporter based in Boston. Her focus is reporting on breaking news. Monica joined Newsweek in 2024. She is a graduate of Clark University, with a master's from both Clark University and Northwestern University. She was part of the team named a finalist for the Goldsmith Prize for Investigation as well as a winner of the George Polk award for their work uncovering Phillips Respironics wrongdoings with their breathing machines. You can get in touch with Monica by emailing m.sager@newsweek.com. Languages: English.
Monica is a Newsweek reporter based in Boston. Her focus is reporting on breaking news. Monica joined Newsweek in 2024.                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC