By
Peter Burditt
Typically we don’t touch musicals with a 10-foot pole. However, when a musical as lucrative, viral, and monumental as Wicked comes around it seems a bit backward not to. For the most part, it’s common knowledge that the musical was originally a Broadway production adapted for the silver screen. That being so, the film’s new medium and cast have reintroduced the wonderful world of Oz and the splendid music accompanying it to the world. 
If you aren’t a fan of musicals and find them to be insufferable, then stop here. If you don’t fall into that category, then keep reading because we are going to prepare you for what’s to come if you have yet to see the movie. Needless to say, and the majority of Americans would likely agree, Wicked is a must-see movie musical that will have you humming its tunes long after it’s over. Here are the top three songs from the film. Also, don’t worry, we won’t spoil anything
Given the film’s sweeping popularity, you have surely heard this somewhere in the recent past. It’s epic, and grandiose, and encompasses everything that makes a musical act’s crescendo incredible. Ariana Grande and Cynthia Erivo close out the film in a fashion that will inevitably leave you with goosebumps. 
We don’t want to spoil what transpires during the final minutes of the film, but just know it all revolves around this epic song written by Stephen Schwartz. For now, that’s all we can tell you about the film’s closing song. 
Have you not smiled in a while? Is something in your life a little stressful at the moment? Well, if you answered yes to either of those questions then listen to “Dancing Through Life.” The moment you listen to this song you will seemingly want to break out into song and dance no matter where you are. In short, it is just a beaming ray of positivity and an incredibly catchy one at that. 
With Jonathan Bailey taking the lead as Prince Fiyero, he takes viewers through a nine-minute trip of song, dance, and pure bliss. When you listen to this song, truly, Nothing matters as you are incredibly enveloped by the grandeur and sheer optimism of Wicked’s show tune. 
In regards to the plot and its subtext, you may grow to hate this song given its attitude towards Erivo’s character, Elphaba. Nonetheless, its operatic pop tone is the perfect way to introduce the story and the magical world of Oz. Furthermore and without going into much detail, when the film ends, you will have a newfound appreciation for this song and the relationship between Glinda and the Wicked Witch. 
High notes, booming organs, and the harmony of a choir make this song one of the more ornate pieces in the musical. If you sit too close to the screen when you see Wicked, you very well might lose your eyebrows and any other loose objects in your general area. It’s just that forceful and fierce. 
Photo by Saverio Marfia/Getty Images
Only members can comment. Become a member. Already a member? Log in.
Is ‘Saturday Night Live’ New Tonight? Host & Musical Guest (5/3/25)
Kelly Clarkson Thinks This Fellow ‘American Idol’ Alum Would Be “A Fun Hang” on a Deserted Island
Cover Songs Merle Haggard Liked the Most (And the Type of Country He Couldn’t Stand)

			© 2025 American Songwriter			American Songwriter: a Savage Ventures Brand