Hollywood’s biggest names delivered some truly memorable fashion moments on the Oscars 2024 red carpet Sunday — and their outfits wouldn’t have been complete without a slew of show-stopping jewels.
Ahead of the Academy Awards each year, jewelry houses like Tiffany & Co., Bulgari and Cartier crack open their vaults and grant celebrity stylists access to their most extraordinary (and extraordinarily valuable) bling for the night, putting pieces on display that may never before have seen the light of day.
Ahead, the most jaw-dropping jewelry moments from Sunday’s Oscars, from Emma Stone’s 30-carat yellow sapphire choker to Emily Blunt’s 60-plus-carat diamond necklace.
Stone took home the best actress Oscar for “Poor Things,” but her red carpet look was as rich as ever. She teamed her pastel Louis Vuitton peplum dress with a white gold necklace from the house’s high jewelry collection set with a spectacular 30-carat yellow sapphire, along with a set of elegant diamond studs.
The “Killers of the Flower Moon” star made history at the Oscars as the first-ever Native American best supporting actress nominee, and fittingly used her look for the evening to celebrate Indigenous artistry.
Her beautiful earrings, along with the matching floral quillwork motifs on the train of her blue velvet Gucci gown, were the work of Native American artist Joe Big Mountain of Ironhorse Quillwork.
Gladstone’s colorful Bulgari High Jewelry necklace was comprised of turquoise, tanzanites, amethysts, diamonds and sapphires.
The “Oppenheimer” nominee styled her shimmering Schiaparelli Haute Couture gown with jewels from Tiffany & Co., including a three-layer diamond necklace weighing in at over 60 carats, a sparkling choker, classic studs and a ring featuring a pear-cut diamond of over 10 carats.
Her necklaces alone were set with nearly 700 of the precious stones.
After weeks of futuristic fashion moments, the “Dune” beauty went pretty in pink for the Oscars, pairing her palm tree-printed Armani Privé dress with matching Bulgari High Jewelry earrings featuring morganites, pink tourmalines, mandarin garnets and diamonds set in pink gold.
As if the “Think Like a Man” star’s crystal-covered Carolina Herrera minidress and column skirt weren’t eye-catching enough, she topped off her look with a magnificent Tiffany & Co. diamond necklace set with an aquamarine of over 31 carats — along with a 7-carat diamond ring and glimmering button earrings.
The acclaimed actress piled on Boucheron bling for the red carpet, including the house’s Quatre Radiant Edition pendant earrings, choker, necklace and bracelet.
For more Page Six Style ..
The “Wicked” star went full Glinda in a larger-than-life bubblegum Giambattista Valli Haute Couture look coupled with matching pink morganite jewels from Tiffany & Co.: a 14-carat pendant necklace and 34-carat drop earrings.
Let’s hear it for the boys! Always the best-accessorized man on the red carpet, the “Rustin” nominee set off his crystal-buttoned Louis Vuitton tuxedo with an Omega watch and a bevy of David Yurman baubles, among them several sparkling bracelets and a brooch smartly pinned to the actor’s bow tie.
The most meaningful piece, however, might’ve been Domingo’s pinky ring, which once belonged to Bayard Rustin himself.
Taylor-Joy looked as ethereal as ever in her silver petaled Dior Haute Couture gown styled with a sprinkling of Tiffany & Co. pieces, including a necklace suspended with an over-8-carat marquise diamond and a pair of 10-carat earrings.
Studded with 1,274 hand-set princess-, baguette- and brilliant-cut diamonds and topped with five vivid rubellites, the “Barbie” nominee’s Pomellato High Jewelry necklace was a perfect match for her slinky pink metal mesh gown by Atelier Versace.
It might not’ve been as on the nose as that fiery 23-carat ring, but the “Flamin’ Hot” director’s spellbinding Bucherer Fine Jewellery necklace and matching ring fittingly hailed from the house’s Inner Fire collection.
The “Oppenheimer” actress added even more drama to her gravity-defying Del Core gown with this Bulgari High Jewelry Serpenti necklace.
Baby (and bling) on board!
Hudgens debuted her bump in a simple, curve-hugging black Vera Wang gown elevated with jewels from Chopard, including a beautiful necklace set with nearly 30 carats of diamonds framing a 10-carat pear-shaped yellow diamond at its center.
Advertisement