The singer stepped out in an oversize crewneck to tease new music and we found a few inspired by the exact look.

													By
												

	Rylee Johnston


	All products and services featured are independently chosen by editors. However, Billboard may receive a commission on orders placed through its retail links, and the retailer may receive certain auditable data for accounting purposes.

	Arianators recieved a major surprise from Ariana Grande, as the “Thank You, Next” singer has officially teased new music in a cozy oversized sweatshirt. The dry spell is over for fans as Grande announced her new single, “Yes, And?” is coming Jan. 12, and she took to the streets and social media to tease the upcoming new song.






	
	
		
					Explore		
	





		Explore	

















	
		
					Ariana Grande		
					


See latest videos, charts and news



See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	The “Dangerous Woman” singer’s style is just one of her iconic qualities, alongside award-winning vocals. Some of her go-to pieces include oversized sweatshirts, which the artist has sported on numerous occasions. Most recently, she was seen on the streets of New York City on Thursday (Jan. 4) sporting Proenza Schouler mules, a leather tote bag from The Row, light-wash straight-leg jeans and a relaxed crewneck sweatshirt that said “Yes, And?,” sparking rumors and speculation about a possible seventh studio album. 

	










			Trending on Billboard		








	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					This $18 Fridge Magnet Can Be Personalized With Your Favorite Song (And Actually Play It)		
	



	05/02/2025	







	She confirmed that the crewneck’s text indeed was in reference to a new single in an Instagram post on Sunday (Jan. 7).

	“yes, and? ♡ 1.12,” the caption says.

	To prepare for the “7 Rings” singer’s new music, you can show your own crewneck inspired by the exact one that Grande wore to tease her new single. Instead of searching for it yourself, we found a couple options for you to snag now before you get ready to stream the new song coming Friday.

	Keep reading to shop our picks below.

Etsy’s crewneck sweatshirt aims to look just like the artist’s version with small text centered on the front and a soft cotton material that’ll help swaddle you in comfort whether you’re listening to music in bed or walking to the nearest cafe for coffee.	

		Amazon’s customizable crewneck gives you ability to add your own “yes, and?” text to the crewneck with the choice of font, character color, the size and placement of the text and even the color of the sweatshirt. You can keep it black like the one that Grande sported or go for a more bold color. Just make sure to hit customize before you add the top to your cart.	

	For more product recommendations, check out our roundups of the best shackets for women, band t-shirts and the best teddy coats.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.