By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
You don’t need to be in a relationship to participate in a couples costume for Halloween 2024. Whether you’re dressing up with your lover, partner, friend, or even your pet, the effect is always a winning combination of clever and cute. If you want to celebrate spooky season with your favorite counterpart, look no further than the couples costume you should wear this year, according to your zodiac sign.
While you definitely don’t need to couple up in order to make a statement on Halloween, some costumes just work better in pairs. And the best part? You can make literally anything a couples costume. You could literally dress up as ketchup and mustard, the sun and the moon, and even something ridiculous, like a tire and a speed bump. As long as two things go together, it can be a couples costume. You could even swap gender roles with your partner, making the effect that much more out-of-the-ordinary. The more random and off-kilter the result, the better!
However, not all of us are interested in being sarcastic or clever on and around October 31. Some of us want a Halloween costume that captures the current pop culture moment and gives you an opportunity to dress exactly like an iconic pair of characters. And because astrology can say so much about what type of person you are to begin with, it can help you understand which characters you’d be best at embodying. 
Whether you’re dressing up with someone you’re in a relationship with or someone you have nothing but platonic feelings for. Here’s who you and your favorite person should dress up as this year, according to your sun signs, rising signs, moon signs, or Venus signs:
You’re always the strongest and most rugged presence in the room, Aries. If anyone is has superhero tendencies, it’s you! Ruled by Mars—planet of power and action—you love taking any opportunity to own your space and establish yourself as the person in charge. You do it all with a brash and slightly offensive sense of humor, which makes you perfect for dressing up as Wolverine and Deadpool on Halloween with someone you have undeniable chemistry with.
You don’t need me to tell you you’re a hopeless romantic at heart, Taurus. Just like Bella and Edward, you tend to get stuck on people. You know you’d turn into a vampire so you could spend all of eternity with the same person. You don’t like change, so that works out great! Plus, if you dress up as Bella and Edward, one of you gets to be covered in sparkles (unless you’re dressing up as the vampire version of Bella). Either way, you’re singing “Hoa hoa hoa hoa hoa” all the way through Halloween.
Let’s be real, Gemini. You’re kind of a ridiculous person. As a Gemini, I would know. Like me, you probably love dressing chic and you have no problem with appearing intimidating. That’s why it’s fun to throw everyone a major curveball on Halloween, just as a reminder of how unserious you can be. After all, it certainly keeps everyone on their toes (something you love doing). Dress up as Mermaid Man and Barnacle boy from Spongebob Squarepants and give yourself permission to bounce off the walls all night long.
Even though you were born at the beginning of summer, you know there’s a super goth and spooky side to your personality. Being a child of the moon, you can’t help but feel alive during Halloweentime, which is why you should dress up as Jack Skellington and Sally from The Nightmare Before Christmas this year. This costume is evergreen, making it a trend that continues year after year. Plus, you know you can totally relate to pining over someone as hard as Sally!
Regardless of how you feel about them, you know that no couple was more talked about this year than Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce. The photos of them celebrating his Super Bowl win with a make-out session on live TV is iconic, pure and simple. If you wish you were getting as much global attention as they are, you should dress up as the relationship that seems to represent the classic all-American ideal. A pop star and a football star? Come on!
Thanks to the new Amazon Prime show, the Fallout video game series had a major moment this year. Even though the main character of Fallout is always named and designed by you, the show had a protagonist we could all relate to—Lucy Maclean. And if you know anything about the games, you were always being followed around by a super intelligent German shepherd named Dogmeat. Capture a Virgo’s resourcefulness and survival skills by dressing up as this iconic duo (with your dog or your favorite person).
If any show has seen a major resurgence in popularity, it’s Sex and the City. 2024 was the year Generation Z finally felt ready enough to dive into the chaotic dating world of Manhattan, as seen through the messy and glamorous perspective of Carrie Bradshaw. And if any man taught her the most lessons, it was the avoidant and debonaire Mr. Big. If you’re feeling spicy—and super ironic—you should totally dress up as everyones favorite couple to pick apart—Carrie and Big.
If anyone loves a good enemies-to-lovers story, it’s a Scorpio. You understand better than anyone that there is a fine line between love and hate—a line you’ve crossed only in your most intense and transformative relationships. You love what Glinda and Elphaba had to overcome in their “opposites attract” pairing. And because you can’t resist a controversial figure, you also love the way all the surrounding Ariana Grande drama keeps this couples costume so spicy.
You, Sagittarius, are the zodiac sign of adventure, which is why you probably felt the urge to watch Shrek over and over again when it first came out. Between the Shrek memes and Shrek filters on TikTok, it’s safe to say this film franchise is just as popular as ever. You’re a raunchy and caustic personality who feels seen by Shrek humor. And because you also believe beauty is in the eye of the beholder—the film’s core message—you have every reason to dress up as Shrek and Fiona this year.
You’re the zodiac sign of responsibility, Capricorn, which is why you can relate to Barbara and Adam’s plight from the first Beetlejuice movie. They’re still struggling to accept the fact that they’re ghosts, feeling the weight of death on their shoulders. And because you’re also the zodiac sign of tradition, you relate to the way they just want their house back and to live in the way they did when they were still alive. Either way, this couples costume is spooky, iconic, and definitely trendy, thanks to latest release of the Beetlejuice sequel.
Because you’re an Aquarius, you know you’d rather not dress up at all than wear a totally humdrum costume. You want to wear something that’s not only impressive, but probably not something the average person will recognize. Until they look a bit closer at your bright blue contact lenses, that is. Dress up as Chani and Paul Atreides from Dune I & II, because you know you can’t resist the way they command an audience together.
You’re a Pisces, which makes it hard for you to resist the temptation of love, even in the face of a red flag parade. You know you’re totally obsessed with Harley Quinn and the Joker, because although they’re clearly toxic, they remain totally committed to each other regardless. You’re someone who’s all in when you have feelings for someone, which is why you can relate to Harley’s total character transformation upon meeting her complicated beau. Just remember to take off the costume once Halloween is over!
By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.