© 2025 WWB Holdings, LLC. All rights reserved

                October 13, 2024
            

                        On 'SNL,' host Ariana Grande and cast members put their own twist on Sabrina Carpenter's hit song 'Espresso.' 
                    
The latest episode of "Saturday Night Live" featured a spoof of Sabrina Carpenter's hit song "Espresso," in which a group of bridesmaids spilled the tea on what happened during a bachelorette party.
The sketch, called "Bridesmaid Speech," featured host Ariana Grande and "SNL" cast members Heidi Gardner, Ego Nwodim and Sarah Sherman as a group of bridesmaids who choose to forgo a typical speech for their bride Kelsey, played by Chloe Fineman. Instead, they decide to perform a song about her bachelorette party, set to the tune of "Espresso" — since Kelsey loves espresso martinis.
MORE: Sabrina Carpenter discusses 'Short n' Sweet' success in new 'CBS Sunday Morning' interview
The gals sing about their trip to Charleston, which included taking lots of shots and going out dancing. They detail Kelsey's close encounters on the dance floor with a doctor and model named Domingo. Kelsey jams along to the performance, but her groom Matthew, played by Andrew Dismukes, grows increasingly disturbed.
"Hands me her ring, then we can't find her," Nwodim sings.
"I just didn't want to lose it in the hot tub," Kelsey explains to a concerned Matthew.
The song continues as the bridesmaids sing about Kelsey's time in the hot tub with Domingo, and how she asked the bridesmaids to book a hotel so she and Domingo could have some alone time.
the kelsquad is crazy for this pic.twitter.com/eTI1NPftUC
"At the Marriott googling Domingo," Grande sings.
"Just to make sure he's not a psycho," Nwodim adds.
Matthew asks whether the bridesmaids' song was supposed to alert him that Kelsey cheated on him throughout her bachelorette party. 
"No the point is, it's 'Espresso,'" Gardner exclaims. 
Kelsey assures Matthew that her connection with Domingo is in the past, but Domingo (Marcello Hernandez) surprises everyone by crashing the performance with a mic in hand to sing a verse and confirm that they did, in fact, hook up.
Carpenter, a Bucks County native, reposted a video of the sketch to her Instagram story, writing that it was "very nice and on pitch" — likely referring to the bridesmaids' purposefully off-key singing. Carpenter performed "Espresso" when she made her "SNL" debut in May.
Other sketches during Saturday's "SNL" episode, which featured musical guest Stevie Nicks, included a "Family Feud" matchup between the presidential candidates, a game of charades gone awry, a Celine Dion UFC promo and a Jennifer Coolidge Maybelline commercial. The episode can be streamed now on Peacock.
Watch the full "Bridesmaid Speech" sketch below:
Follow Franki & PhillyVoice on Twitter: @wordsbyfranki
 | @thePhillyVoice

Like us on Facebook: PhillyVoice

Have a news tip? Let us know.


                                Franki Rudnesky
                            

                            PhillyVoice Staff
                        

franki@phillyvoice.com

Transportation


                                
                                    Sponsored
                                
                            

Entertainment


Children's Health


Pop Culture


Eagles


Travel


Summer


Adult Health


Adult Health


Parenting


Philanthropy


Health News


Festivals


Travel


Festivals


Entertainment

© 2025 WWB Holdings, LLC. All rights reserved