By BRIAN MARKS and J. PETERSON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  01:29, 8 November 2024   |  Updated:  01:31, 8 November 2024   
 59
View  comments
Sabrina Carpenter is getting candid with her reaction to former President Donald Trump's victory over Vice President Kamala Harris.
The 25-year-old singer was performing at Climate Pledge Arena in Seattle, Washington, on Wednesday, the day after the 2024 election.
As captured in fan videos, she used some of her down time between songs to tell her fans that she was 'sorry about our country.'
Sabrina — who registered voters ahead of the election — crouched down on her knees while wearing a sheer black bodysuit to get closer to fans near the stage.
'I hope we can be a moment of peace for you, a moment of safety,' she began with a soothing tone.
“I hope we can be a moment of peace for you, a moment of safety. Sorry about our country & to the women in here I love you so so so so so much & I really hope for the rest of this night that you can enjoy yourselves because you absolutely deserve it…” pic.twitter.com/x0ZjJwe2Lf
Sabrina Carpenter, 25, said she was 'sorry about our country' in reaction to Donald Trump's victory in the presidential election during a somber moment at her concert in Seattle, Washington, on Wednesday, November 6; pictured September 11 in Elmont, New York
'I hope we can be a moment of peace for you, a moment of safety,' she began with a soothing tone, just a day after Trump was elected for a second term
'Sorry about our country. And to the women in here, I love you so, so, so, so, so much,' she continued, eliciting overpowering cheers from the crowd.
'And I really hope for the rest of this night that you can enjoy yourselves because you absolutely deserve it,' she added.
Sabrina carefully avoided mentioning Trump by name, though her sentiments made it clear that she wasn't a fan.
Prior to the election, she earned the distinction of having registered more voters than any other artist through the organization HeadCount.
According to HeadCount, the Espresso hitmaker increased voter registration by 35,814 on her Short n' Sweet album tour, which was the most of any artist involved with the organization.
HeadCount is a national non-profit organization that works with musicians to promote participation in democracy in the US, notably through voter registration initiatives.
In addition to registrations, Carpenter also encouraged an additional 263,087 voters to engage outside of registering, according to Variety.  
Carpenter is best known for her hits Taste, Espresso and Please Please Please, with the latter reaching number one on the Billboard Hot 100 singles chart.
And to the women in here, I love you so, so, so, so, so much,' she continued, eliciting overpowering cheers from the crowd
Prior to the election, she earned the distinction of having registered more voters than any other artist through the organization HeadCount; pictured September 11 in Elmont, New YOrk
Carpenter increased voter registration by 35,814 on her Short n' Sweet album tour, according to HeadCount; pictured August 10 in San Francisco
Trailing just behind Carpenter was Ariana Grande, who registered 15,591 new voters through her partnership with the organization.
Celebrities were incredibly engaged in the 2024 presidential election, with the majority throwing their support behind Kamala Harris rather than Donald Trump.
Carpenter's close friend and mentor Taylor Swift dramatically endorsed Harris just moments after the presidential debate on one of the biggest nights of the race. 
Beyoncé appeared on the campaign trail for Kamala Harris in Texas two weeks ago and allowed the vice president to play her song Freedom on the campaign trail. 
Meanwhile, Bad Bunny threw his support behind Harris after comedian Tony Hinchcliffe's offensive joke calling Puerto Rico a 'floating island of garbage' at Trump's Madison Square Garden rally. 
Terminator star and former GOP California governor Arnold Schwarzenegger made a rare presidential endorsement of Harris just six days before the 2024 election. 
He and Trump have feuded since Schwarzenegger stepped in to replace Trump on Celebrity Apprentice when he first ran for president in 2015. 
Some of the big names to come out for Donald Trump included Dennis Quaid, Hulk Hogan, Amber Rose, Jason Aldean, Kelsey Grammer, and Roseanne Barr. 
Joe Rogan also endorsed Trump in the 2024 election after sitting down with Elon Musk for a two-hour interview.
Carpenter is best known for her hits Taste, Espresso and Please Please Please - with the latter reaching No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100
Trailing just behind Carpenter was Ariana Grande, who registered 15,591 new voters through her partnership with HeadCount
'If it wasn't for him [Musk] we'd be f***ed,' Rogan wrote on X just hours before the polls opened.
'He makes what I think is the most compelling case for Trump you'll hear, and I agree with him every step of the way. 
'For the record, yes, that's an endorsement of Trump. Enjoy the podcast.'
It was a drastic reversal from the podcaster's 2020 support for Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., a self-proclaimed democratic socialist who helped develop the Green New Deal.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group