By DAVID WILCOCK, DEPUTY POLITICAL EDITOR FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  12:27, 24 May 2024   |  Updated:  16:46, 24 May 2024   
 26
View  comments
The mother of a Manchester bombing victim has accused Rishi Sunak of misleading her by agreeing to bring in a new counter-terrorism law before the summer only to call an election hours later that will stop it happening. 
Figen Murray met the Prime Minister in Downing Street on Wednesday morning, 16 days and 200 miles after setting off from the spot where her son Martyn Hett, 29, was killed alongside 21 others who attended an Ariana Grande concert in May 2017.
She said that Mr Sunak agreed to get behind 'Martyn's Law' which would require venues and local authorities in the UK to have training requirements and preventative plans against terror attacks.
But just hours after agreeing to get it into law by the summer, Mr Sunak stood in Downing Street and called an election for July 4. 
It means that Martyn's Law and other legislation including the smoking ban, will not clear Parliament before it dissolves for the campaign next week.
The Renters Reform Bill, which was expected to pave the way for an end to section 21 no-fault evictions, also looks set to be axed, with campaigners saying tenants have been badly let down in a 'broken renting system'. 
Speaking on Good Morning Britain, Ms Murray said: 'We shook hands, he actually agreed, he promised that he will bring it into Parliament before summer recess but he could not guarantee that it's going to be done by the next general election.
Figen Murray met the Prime Minister in Downing Street on Wednesday morning, 16 days and 200 miles after setting off on a walk from the spot where her son Martyn Hett, 29, was killed alongside 21 others who attended an Ariana Grande concert in May 2017.
She said that Mr Sunak agreed to get behind ' Martyn's Law ' which would require venues and local authorities in the UK to have training requirements and preventative plans against terror attacks.
It means that Martyn's Law and other legislation including the smoking ban, will not clear Parliament before it dissolves for the campaign next week.
'We shook hands and he looked me straight me in the eyes, so I don't feel I was being lied to because he at that point knew what he was going to do later that day, but he must have been in a really difficult position.
'However, he could have maybe handled it slightly differently. I feel a bit misled rather than lied to.'
Mr Sunak today said he is 'disappointed' that his flagship Bill banning young people from ever being able to smoke tobacco legally will not pass before Parliament ahead of the General Election.
The shelving of the Tobacco and Vapes Bill, as well as his admission that deportation flights to Rwanda would not take off before polling day, leave the Prime Minister's legacy increasingly threadbare.
The Smoking Bill is not included in the legislation that will be rushed through by MPs ahead of Parliament being prorogued on Friday, during a period known as 'wash-up'.
The campaigner later met Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer in Westminster (pictured)
Speaking in Belfast today as part of his whirlwind campaign tour of the UK, Mr Sunak told reporters: 'There's always a normal process at the end of a Parliament to see which legislation you can pass in the time that's available.'
On the smoking ban, he said he was 'of course disappointed not to be able to get that through at the end of the session given the time available'.
'But what I'd say is that's evidence of the bold action that I'm prepared to take. That's the type of Prime Minister I am. That's the type of leadership that I bring.
'I stepped up to do something that is bold, that will make an enormous difference in the future of our country.'
The Bill would make it illegal to sell tobacco products to anyone born after January 1 2009, with the aim of creating a 'smoke-free' generation.
Wes Streeting, Labour's shadow health secretary, said it would resurrect the policy if it wins the election. 
'If Rishi Sunak's idea of bold leadership is to crumble before his party and surrender his landmark smoking bill, it's no wonder the country is in such a mess,' he said.
'Labour remains committed to the policy. We will make sure that young people today are even less likely to smoke than they are to vote Tory.'
The Prime Minister highlighted the passing of legislation to quash the convictions of hundreds of subpostmasters caught up in the Post Office Horizon scandal.
The Post Office (Horizon System) Offences Bill will receive royal assent on the final sitting day of Parliament before it halts its business ahead of the July 4 General Election.
The Government also promised to schedule a Bill enabling compensation to be paid to the victims of the contaminated blood scandal.
But Labour's shadow housing minister Matthew Pennycook said: 'The Tories' decision to cave in to vested interests and abandon their already weakened Renters Reform Bill leaves in tatters the promises they made to private tenants five years ago.' 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group