Broadway + NYC
Broadway
Off-Broadway
Off-Off Broadway
Cabaret
Dance
Opera
Classical Music
United States
Eastern
Central
Western
Minneapolis / St. Paul
Connecticut
Atlanta
Chicago
Los Angeles
Central New York
West End
WEST END
UK Regional
International
Canada
Australia / New Zealand
Europe
Asia
Latin America
Africa / Middle East
Entertainment
TV/Movies
Music
Event also includes Andrew Barth Feldman, Annie Golden, Joe Iconis, Michael R. Jackson, Richard Kind, Lorna Luft, Judy Kuhn, Randy Rainbow, Julie Benko, and more.
POPULAR
Broadway's brightest stars will gather to celebrate and raise funds to save a beloved Theatre District institution, The West Bank Cafe.
On Tuesday, October 8th, the iconic restaurant and its famed downstairs venue, The Laurie Beechman Theatre, will host a gala packed with Broadway's best. This event marks a critical turning point for these cherished spaces, as they urgently raise the necessary funds to ensure their survival in the heart of the Theatre District.
The October gala will include Julie Benko (Funny Girl), Andrew Barth Feldman (No Hard Feelings), SAG Award-winner Annie Golden (Orange Is the New Black), Tony-nominee Joe Iconis (Be More Chill), Pulitzer Prize-winner Michael R. Jackson (A Strange Loop),SAG Award-nominee Award Richard Kind (Mad About You), Emmy-nominee Lorna Luft, Tony-nominee Judy Kuhn (Fun Home), Grammy-winner Eva Noblezada, Emmy-Nominee Randy Rainbow (Hadestown), and Tony-winner Lillias White (The Life). 
More performers and special guests will be announced soon.
Known as a long-standing haunt for celebrities, artists, and theatergoers alike, the West Bank Cafe has been a staple of the New York City arts community for over four decades. It has played host to an array of legendary personalities, including Tennessee Williams, Chita Rivera, Sean Penn, Madonna, Tony Shalhoub, Phillip Seymour Hoffman, Samuel L. Jackson,  Ethan Hawke, Bruce Willis, and countless Broadway stars. The downstairs stage, where Lewis Black served as the original artistic director, was where Aaron Sorkin developed his first plays, Law & Order: SVU showrunner Warren Leight workshopped his Tony-winning play SideMan, and Sondheim rehearsed the original Sunday In The Park with George. Since then, it has seen performances from everyone from Pete Townshend and The Who to Ariana Grande and Patti LuPone. It was where Joan Rivers played over 200 sets, including her last, and RuPaul's Jinx Monsoon made their NYC debut.  
Al Pacino has been quoted as saying. “The West Bank Cafe has always meant a great deal to me... To me it's a landmark, part of the few that give our city identity”
In addition to the performances at the Oct 8th gala, guests will enjoy cocktails, sumptuous bites, and the chance to mingle with Broadway stars and other luminaries. The night aims to raise the funds necessary to revitalize the venues, with a vision to modernize, expand, and continue the West Bank's legacy as a hub for New York's creative community.
While the West Bank Cafe, like many institutions, faced challenges during the pandemic, the outpouring of community support has been nothing short of extraordinary. When faced with eviction, a star-studded 2020 Christmas Day virtual telethon was produced to raise needed funds.  However, the venue was denied several government grants over a technicality which has made thriving during the post pandemic years nearly impossible. Now, with a more favorable lease and invigorated community support, if the fundraising goal is met the venue is poised for a renaissance—one that will ensure its doors remain open to future generations of performers and theater lovers.
General admission tickets start at $500, and top-tier packages include special perks like a personalized plaque in the restaurant or theater, cementing your place in the storied legacy of the West Bank Cafe.
This event is being produced by Tony-nominated Broadway producers Tom D'Angora and Michael D'Angora (Suffs), Tony-nominated composer Joe Iconis (Be More Chill), actor Tim Guinee (Homeland), alongside owner Steve Olsen.  Event sponsors include Real Housewives of Salt Lake City star Bronwyn Newport, Todd Bradley, Broadway's Kristy Cates (Wicked) and Greg Grozdits. Michael Lavine will serve as Musical Director.
Cast subject to change.
For more information visit www.WestBankCafe.com.
In Operation Mincemeat, it’s 1943, and the Allied Forces are on the ropes. Luckily, they’ve got a trick up their sleeve. Well, not up their sleeve, per se, but rather inside the pocket of a stolen corpse. Equal parts farce, thriller, and Ian Fleming-style spy caper (with an assist from Mr. Fleming himself), Operation Mincemeat tells the wildly improbable and hilarious true story of the covert operation that turned the tide of WWII.
BroadwayWorld is saddened to report the passing of Tony-nominated actor Stephen Mo Hanan. Hanan passed away on April 3, 2025 at his home in Manhattan.
Actors' Equity Association is raising alarm over President Donald Trump’s latest budget proposal, which calls for the elimination of federal funding for the National Endowment for the Arts (NEA) and other cultural agencies.
A bevy of Broadway’s brightest stars - from icons Jennifer Holliday and Andrea Martin to show-stopping newcomers Tom Francis and Jasmine Amy Rogers - lit up the Al Hirschfeld Theatre on April 28, 2025, at the inaugural Broadway Dream Roles. Get a first look at highlights from the event!
Jordan Litz and his Wicked co-stars have returned with another installment of the 'Swankified Stairwell Sessions.' This time, they video features Allie Trimm and Mary Kate Morrissey for a performance of 'What Is This Feeling?'
Videos
Recommended For You
Sign up for announcements, and exclusive discounts on tickets to your favorite shows!
© 2025 - Copyright Wisdom Digital Media, all rights reserved. Privacy Policy