e-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
to submit an obituary

		Please email obits@standardspeaker.com or call 570-230-4917. Please include your name, mailing address, and phone number along with the copy and photo.
	
Sign up for email newsletters
e-Edition
For more than a year, pop star Taylor Swift has electrified and amazed thousands on The Eras Tour, selling out stadiums performing a variety of songs from her musical career.
Residents of Northeast Pennsylvania were among the people who attended concerts on the tour, which began last March and brought in more than $1 billion from stops in the United States and around the world.
People from the region traveled to different cities with family and friends to hear and see the Grammy Award-winning singer songwriter perform songs grouped into acts corresponding with her albums, with many getting into the spirit of the concert by wearing outfits corresponding to their favorite era of Swift’s music and friendship bracelets.
With The Eras Tour’s final performances this weekend in Vancouver, Canada, those who attended the tour reflected on it in interviews with The Sunday Times.
For Dickson City resident Rebecca Filipski, hearing Swift’s music helped her get through tough times. So when she heard her perform “Mean” during her concert in Tampa, Florida in April of last year, Filipski was more than elated.
“I started crying tears of joy,” she recalled.
Filipski was invited to the concert by her friend, Katie Swanson, who got their tickets through a pre-sale event. Last year’s Eras Tour concert wasn’t their first time seeing the pop star, as they attended a concert on Swift’s Reputation Stadium Tour. Filipski said while that concert is one of her favorites, she liked seeing Swift do songs from throughout her career.
“It was just great to see … all of her music being performed in one concert,” she said. “That was pretty cool.”
Filipski said the concert was a great experience, made even better by being with Swanson. She liked singing and dancing with others who like her music, and how the lights, colors and sets came together.
Hearing “Mean,” a song from Filipski’s favorite Swift album that was not part of the concert’s set list, was meaningful for Filipski as she and her high school friend, Michelle Vincavage like it.
Filipski said listening to Swift’s music makes her feel better as her lyrics resonate with her.
“Her music just brings a smile to my face,” Filipski said. “I just love that her music can speak to me.”
The Eras Tour concert in May last year was one for Grace and Leelah Farrell to enjoy with family.
The South Abington Twp. residents went to the concert at Lincoln Financial Field in Philadelphia with eight people, including Grace Farrell’s sister Angela Heyen and her daughter Lauren Park, who live near Chicago.
Swift’s concert wasn’t the first Grace and Leelah Farrell attended, as they saw Ariana Grande for the younger Farrell’s 14th birthday in November 2019. Leelah Farrell, now 19, said it was the longest and loudest she’s attended.
Grace Farrell was amazed by Swift’s stage presence and that she sounded like she did on her recordings.
“The sheer production of her show is just so impressive,” she said. “Even if you’re not a Swiftie, which I wasn’t, you definitely become a Swiftie that night. You can’t help but admire and respect her.”
Leelah Farrell liked spending time with her cousin at the concert. They dressed in outfits in line with Swift’s 2017 album “Reputation” and friendship bracelets they exchanged with others in their group.
“Her lyrics are definitely relatable and she’s very true to herself when she’s writing her music,” she said.
Grace Farrell’s favorite part of the concert was experiencing it with her daughter and niece.
“Watching them, the sheer joy on their faces belting out every single word of every single song,” she said. “It was neat being a part of that, knowing there were a lot of mother-daughters experiencing that together.”
Devon Mancini of Scranton considers going to the Eras Tour at Lincoln Financial Field in May a miracle as she nearly didn’t get tickets.
The 25-year old, who has been a fan of Swift since she was a child, received a pre-sale code and tried using it to purchase tickets when they went on sale in late 2022, only to find herself waiting on Ticketmaster. Her mom, Patty Mancini tried purchasing them online for her, only to get a message that they were unavailable. But as Devon Mancini was refreshing Ticketmaster on her smartphone, she saw some.
“It was the luckiest thing to happen to me,” she recalled.
Mancini’s first Swift concert had a bigger production than any concert she has seen, with fans like her wearing outfits referencing Swift’s lyrics or an era of her career. Mancini, who wore a sash and prom dress referencing Swift’s song “Miss Americana & the Heartbreak Prince,” traded a few of the 30 friendship bracelets she made with people around her.
One of the notable parts of the show for her was seeing Phoebe Bridgers perform, which she didn’t expect. Mancini, who went with her mom, was amazed with the production value and how much Swift interacted with the audience.
“She’s very engaged with the people there,” Mancini said.
Her favorite part was the songs from Swift’s “Fearless” album, the first album by the singer Mancini listened to.
“I was looking forward to that the most,” she said. “That blew my mind.”
Mancini likes that Swift’s music is relatable as she shares her wins and losses in her lyrics. She is grateful to have been part of a once in a lifetime concert.
“It was the most magical night of my life,” Mancini said.
For Anthony Melf and his friends, the excitement and energy of the Eras Tour concert wasn’t only inside Acrisure Stadium in Pittsburgh.
As soon as the Kingston resident arrived in the city in June of 2023 with his friend Bianca Moore of Laceyville, the city embraced the pop star’s visit, renaming itself Swiftsburgh and local restaurants played her music. They could even hear the music and see the lights from the stadium when they arrived and met their friend Holly K. Pilcavage of Noxen.
“It felt like Taylor Swift really took over the city,” he said.
Melf, 34, said the concert didn’t disappoint, with people of all ages singing and dancing to her music.
“It felt so positive and energizing,” he said. “It felt like you didn’t want to sit down. Everyone was on their feet.”
Melf liked that everyone, including him and his friends, who dressed in the style of Swift’s “Lover” album, with floral shirts and rhinestone hearts, had a shared experience at the concert. While it’s hard to pinpoint a favorite moment, he said he liked the songs she performed off her 2022 album “Midnights.”
He admires Swift not only for commanding a stage, but for her ability to stand up for herself as an artist and writing songs about relatable topics.
“I think who she is as an artist is really incredible…but then I think as an artist and a public figure, who she is and what she represents in terms of speaking up for yourself, caring about other people, I just really admire her,” Melf said.
Jennifer Micciche travelled nearly 1,700 miles to Denver, Colorado to see her favorite singer perform and discovered camaraderie among her fellow Swifties.
The Pittston native went to the Mile High City in July of last year to see Swift perform at Empower Field at Mile High after being unable to get tickets on presale. The ones for the Denver concert, which cost more than $1,500, were the cheapest she could find. Micciche went with her sister-in-law, Natalie Micciche.
Flying out, she found her flight was full of Swift fans that she felt comfortable around, with everyone happy to be going. That positivity extended to the stadium, where she exchanged friendship bracelets with others in attendance.
“Taylor preaches kindness,” she said. “Everybody was patient and kind trying to get to their seats, helping each other out, talking about how much they loved the costumes or outfits.”
Although Micciche, 37, had an idea of how the concert would run, she was surprised to see Swift wearing different outfits and performing “Timeless” and “Our Song” as surprise songs.
Though Micciche, who has liked Swift since her first single came out in 2006, has seen other artists, including Garth Brooks and Shania Twain, in concert, the Eras Tour concert beat them out as Micciche said Swift has the power to bring people together. The show was also more interactive.
She said Swift means a lot to her because she is changing the game in the music industry, crossing different genres and speaking about different issues, in addition to putting out music. Micciche, who owns Designs by Olivia Grey in Pittston, hopes to give Swift a candle from her business inspired by the pop star’s songs.
“My goal is to one day get one to her,” she said.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group