Let us know your top music release this week by voting in our poll.

													By
												

	Rania Aniftos


	Music fans have a lot of fresh tracks and albums to enjoy as we head into the long weekend.

	 Ariana Grande made her return with the late-’80s-inspired single “Yes, And?” Dripping with confidence, the upbeat song serves as the lead track for Grande’s anticipated seventh album, which she started teasing online in late December.

	Another star to head back to the music scene is  Lil Nas X, who walked through the Pearly Gates with his long-awaited new single “J CHRIST.” “J CHRIST” marks Lil Nas X’s first official release in over a year — his last release, the League of Legends collaborative anthem “Star Walkin’,” released in September 2022. The rapper drew intense criticism in the run-up to releasing “J CHRIST” for his use of religious iconography, with commentators claiming that he was “mocking” and “disrespecting” Christianity.





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Mase Wants Fans to Vote If He Should Attend Diddy's Trial		
	



	05/02/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Ariana Grande		
					






















	
		
					Lil Nas X		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	Lil Nas shut down the claims in a tweet, saying “Jesus’s image is used throughout history in people’s art all over the world. I’m not making fun of shit. yall just gotta stop trying to gatekeep a religion that was here before any of us were even born. stfu.”

	










	Jennifer Lopez reflected on her love in “Can’t Get Enough,” while Jeymes Samuel, Jay-Z and D’Angelo teamed up for “I Want You Forever.” Over on the albums side of things, 21 Savage and Kali Uchis kept fans fed with American Dream and Orquídeas, respectively.




			Trending on Billboard		






	Which new music release of the week is your favorite? Check out our Friday Music Guide here, and let us know by voting below.

What’s Your Favorite New Music Release of the Week?
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.