Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
The Academy Awards ceremony will air an hour earlier than it has in past years, on the first day of daylight saving time in the U.S.

							By 

	Tatiana Tenreyro


	The 2024 Oscars are getting an early start.

	The 96th annual Academy Awards, set to air Sunday, March 10, will air on ABC in the U.S. starting at 7 p.m. ET/4 p.m. PT, following a half-hour ABC preshow that starts at 6:30 p.m. ET/3:30 p.m. PT. Those who want to watch the Oscars online can stream ABC on TV streaming services such as DirecTV, Fubo, Hulu + Live TV or Sling, among others.



	The show is expected to wrap by 10:30 p.m. ET/7:30 p.m. PT, when ABC will air a new episode of its hit sitcom Abbott Elementary.





	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	Movies
			



	
		
					Vivek Chaudhary's 'I, Poppy' Takes Top Jury Prize at Hot Docs Festival		
			














	
	Movies
			



	
		
					Oscars Keep 2026 Date as L.A. Marathon Agrees to Reschedule to Avoid Conflict		
			








	This start time is an hour earlier than the 8 p.m. ET/5 p.m. PT start of past years, in what the Film Academy called a first.











	And this year the Oscars, taking place at the Dolby Theatre at Ovation Hollywood in Los Angeles, falls on the first day of daylight saving time, meaning it will feel even earlier to many U.S. viewers. 

	When the earlier start time was announced, sources told The Hollywood Reporter that the decision to move up the Oscars broadcast was made by a desire to have the show wrap within primetime on the East Coast. In previous years, viewership on the earlier coast has dropped off as the notoriously long ceremony, which regularly runs more than three hours, progressed.

	The 2023 Oscars was the highest-rated ceremony in three years, averaging 18.76 million viewers and a 4.03 rating among adults 18-49 on ABC.

	In a recent interview with THR, Oscars executive producers Molly McNearney and Katy Mullan were eager to remind people about the early start time.

	“Whoever’s reading this, tell your friends,” McNearney joked.

	Mullan added, “We’ve got to make sure no one’s late because there’s daylight savings and the show airing an hour earlier!”

	Oscars showrunner Raj Kapoor meanwhile said, “We do think ABC and the Academy have done a good job so far. And we think there are a lot of benefits to the earlier start time. But, yeah, we’re just hoping everybody gets the memo.”

	The 2024 Oscars will be hosted by Jimmy Kimmel for the fourth time, accompanied by an all-star list of presenters including Bad Bunny, Nicolas Cage, Ariana Grande, Ryan Gosling, Anya Taylor-Joy, Regina King, Rita Moreno, John Mulaney, Al Pacino, Michelle Yeoh and Zendaya. As previously reported by THR, the Oscars will have five past acting winners present the awards in the respective categories they’ve won. It marks the first time this has occurred since 2009. 

	










Oppenheimer leads the 2024 Oscar nominees with 13 nods, followed by Poor Things with 11, Killers of the Flower Moon with 10 and Barbie with eight nods.

Find out more about how to watch the Oscars in the U.S. and around the world, what to know about this year’s show, how to stream this year’s nominated films and THR‘s predictions for who will win and should win.

And check out THR’s full Oscars issue and complete awards season coverage.
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.