Broadway + NYC
Broadway
Off-Broadway
Off-Off Broadway
Cabaret
Dance
Opera
Classical Music
United States
Eastern
Central
Western
Minneapolis / St. Paul
Connecticut
Atlanta
Chicago
Los Angeles
Central New York
West End
WEST END
UK Regional
International
Canada
Australia / New Zealand
Europe
Asia
Latin America
Africa / Middle East
Entertainment
TV/Movies
Music
Part One of the Wicked movie hits theaters on November 22, 2024.
POPULAR
Kristin Chenoweth has been spotted on the set of the Wicked movie in the background of the newly-released featurette.
The new behind-the-scenes video reveals that the musical's original Glinda seemingly paid a visit to the set, during what seems to be the "One Short Day" sequence in the Emerald City. 
Chenoweth can be seen standing in a crowd as Ariana Grande and Cynthia Erivo film a scene. Since other crew members are visible in the shot, it is unclear if she was present to film a cameo or if she was simply visiting the set.
It appears as though Kristin Chenoweth is visible in the latest featurette for ‘Wicked’ ?? pic.twitter.com/AMGfunf4m8
The Tony-winner previously revealed that she had "seen a little bit" of the movie, although she was vague if that had been a screening or if she had physically been present while cameras were rolling.
"Let’s just say I’ve seen a little bit of it; the film is going to blow everyone away," she said earlier this year. "I’m very excited for what Jon Chu has done with the story and how he wants to present it, and the look of it is incredible."
After two decades as one of the most beloved and enduring musicals on the stage, Wicked makes its long-awaited journey to the big screen as a spectacular, generation-defining cinematic event this holiday season. 
The film stars Cynthia Erivo as Elphaba and Ariana Grande as Glinda. Joining them is Jonathan Bailey as Fiyero, Ethan Slater as Boq, Michelle Yeoh as Madame Morrible, and Jeff Goldblum as the Wizard.
Part One of the Wicked movie hits theaters on November 22, 2024. The second part of the film is scheduled for a November 26, 2025 release.
Watch the new Wicked movie featurette here:
In Operation Mincemeat, it’s 1943, and the Allied Forces are on the ropes. Luckily, they’ve got a trick up their sleeve. Well, not up their sleeve, per se, but rather inside the pocket of a stolen corpse. Equal parts farce, thriller, and Ian Fleming-style spy caper (with an assist from Mr. Fleming himself), Operation Mincemeat tells the wildly improbable and hilarious true story of the covert operation that turned the tide of WWII.
In a recent interview, Jeff Goldblum shared a bit about the musical number 'Wonderful,' which he performs in Wicked: For Good alongside Cynthia Erivo.
Jeremy Jordan has joined the ranks of Amanda Seyfried, Cristin Milioti, and other talented performers who are speaking out about their Wicked movie auditions.
The Cinema Foundation has confirmed that attendees of their Sneak Peek Showcase, which plays in theaters on April 22 and April 24, may be the first people outside of CinemaCon to see the first trailer for Wicked: For Good. 
A new version of the Wicked soundtrack will be released tonight at midnight, which features cast and filmmaker commentary, including from Ariana Grande and Cynthia Erivo. 
Videos
Recommended For You
Sign up for announcements, and exclusive discounts on tickets to your favorite shows!
© 2025 - Copyright Wisdom Digital Media, all rights reserved. Privacy Policy