Kevin Costner addressed the fan backlash surrounding his Yellowstone character's death in an exclusive interview with E! News at the 2024 Governors Awards in Los Angeles Nov. 17.
As it turns out, cowboys do say goodbye.
The death of Kevin Costner's Yellowstone character recently sent shockwaves beyond the boundaries of Dutton Ranch, with many viewers expressing outrage over how John Dutton III was killed off in the Paramount show.
But for the two-time Oscar winner, who said he actually pitched series creator Taylor Sheridan two different endings for his character, he's not shaking in his boots over the fan backlash.
"Fans have a voice in things," Costner exclusively told E! News at the 2024 Governors Awards in Los Angeles Nov. 17, "and they choose to follow stuff."
The 69-year-old added that he had pitched his character's death to Sheridan "a while back," but it was ultimately up to producers on the exact way John would meet his maker. (Spoiler alert: Dawn Olivieri’s character Sarah Atwood—the girlfriend of John's estranged son Jamie, played by Wes Bentley, orchestrated a murder plot to off the Dutton patriarch.)
As Costner quipped, "They do what they want to do. That's fine with me." (For more interviews from the 2024 Governors Awards, tune into E! News Monday, Nov. 18, at 11 p.m.)
The actor announced his departure from the Western series in June, explaining that he was "not going to be able to continue" filming due to scheduling conflicts with his four-part movie anthology Horizon: An American Saga.
"It was something that really changed me," Costner—who starred on Yellowstone for four and a half seasons—said in a statement of working on the series. "I love the relationship we've been able to develop and I'll see you at the movies."
The first installment of Horizon premiered in June. So, when can fans expect the second chapter of the saga to drop?
"I'm gonna try to figure that out," he told E! News with a laugh. "I make these things, I will figure out how to get it to an audience."
Costner added that Horizon: An American Saga – Chapter 2 will "tie in" with the first installment, while he's "trying to figure out" the third and fourth chapters.
"Everybody has an impress that maybe things come to me easily," he noted. "I think projects do come to me. But when it comes to something I want to do, sometimes it's a bigger struggle."
But Costner is up for the challenge.
"If this is what it has to be for me to bring a movie to America and around the world," he continued, "that's what I'll do."
—Reporting by Nikki Novak
And to see when your favorite TV shows are returning to air, keep reading.
Virgin River (Netflix) - Dec. 19
This sixth season promises fresh twists and turns, escalating love triangles, delightful wedding drama, as well as uncovered secrets from Mel’s father’s past which will transport us to the magic and mystique of Virgin River in the 1970s.
Laid (Peacock) - Dec. 19
In the new series, a woman finds out her former lovers are dying in unusual ways and must go back through her sex timeline to confront her past in order to move forward. Laid is a f--ked up rom-com where the answer to “why can’t I find love, is there something wrong with me?” is a resounding “Yes. There is. The problem is definitely you.”
Ilana Glazer: Human Magic (Hulu) - Dec. 20
The Broad City alum tackles everything from motherhood to being a stoner in her new stand-up special.
Josh Groban & Friends Go Home for the Holidays (CBS) - Dec. 20
Hosted and executive produced by Josh Groban, the special features a new format combining compelling stories, music, comedy and a live adoption on stage, celebrating the creation of a new family. Musical performances include holiday classics, new releases and original duets with Groban and his guests, including James Bay, Jennifer Hudson, Tori Kelly and The War And Treaty.
2024 Back That Year Up with Kevin Hart and Kenan Thompson (Peacock) - Dec. 23
2024 Back That Year Up With Kevin Hart and Kenan Thompson returns for a third annual special highlighting the biggest moments of the year. The comedic duo will close out the year with their unfiltered humor as they recap the past year of pop culture, sports, social media and politics. The special will feature guest appearances from the year’s most talked about celebrities, including Nate Bargatze, Mookie Betts, Kenny G, Blake Griffin, Jon Hamm, Jonquel Jones, Seth Meyers, mgk and Rashida ‘Sheedz’ Olayiwola. 
The Flipping El Moussas (HGTV) - Dec. 26
Real estate power couple Tarek and Heather Rae El Moussa will continue to grow their working relationship while juggling the addition of a rambunctious toddler to their busy family life in the newest season of their follow-doc series.
The season will kick off in Hawthorne, California, where Tarek and Heather Rae tackle their most extreme flip project to date.
Squid Game 2 (Netfix) - Dec. 26
Three years after winning Squid Game, Player 456 gave up going to the states and comes back with a new resolution in his mind. Gi-hun once again dives into the mysterious survival game, starting another life-or-death game with new participants gathered to win the prize of 45.6 billion won. 
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.