To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web
							browser that
							supports HTML5
								video
Up Next
The 1990s action-adventure classic Twister is back with a sequel, almost 30 years after the original film’s release – and here’s what we know so far.
Directed by filmmaker Jan de Bont in 1996, Twister pits a pair of plucky meteorologists (played by Helen Hunt and the late, great Bill Paxton) against a series of catastrophic tornadoes.
The film was a massive hit, earning over $495million (£392m) during its release worldwide, and becoming the second-highest-grossing film of 1996. It was beloved by fans too, going down a storm upon its home release in the years that followed.
However, despite its popularity, the film never did get a sequel… until now.
A trailer for the belated sequel – appropriately titled Twisters – premiered during the Super Bowl, giving fans a hint as to what they might expect.
Spoiler alert: tornadoes, and at least two of them.
Directed by Lee Isaac Chung and written by Mark L. Smith, this sequel will be a return to Twister’s world of terrifying tornadoes and spirited scientists.
It stars Daisy Edgar-Jones (Normal People) and Glen Powell (most recently seen in the romcom Anyone But You) as competing meteorologists who are thrown together as they chase a series of devastating tornadoes across Midwestern America.
The film also features Anthony Ramos, Maura Tierney, and Kiernan Shipka among its ensemble cast.
As with the previous film, it follows the scientists as they attempt to develop an experimental new weather alert system designed to predict tornadoes.
Rumours suggest that Edgar-Jones will be playing the daughter of previous protagonists Bill and Jo – although this has yet to be confirmed.
While original star Helen Hunt was reportedly in talks to appear in the film, her return has also not yet been confirmed.
Instead, Twisters will likely be a standalone sequel that appeals to audiences new and old; meaning that you won’t have to have seen the original to understand this one.
Twisters is set for release in the UK and Ireland on July 19 this year.
Got a story?
If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.
Arrow
MORE: Ariana Grande mocked for looking like lunch meat on the Wicked poster
Arrow
MORE: Fans declare new horror film the ‘movie of the year’ after terrifying trailer drops
Arrow
MORE: Deadpool 3 drops X-rated joke and fans are losing their minds