Heidi Klum set pulses racing as she stripped to lace lingerie for an Intimissimi shoot – while rolling around in crisp white bedsheets.
The supermodel, 51, wore nothing but a lace burgundy bra with sheer panels along the band, and a tiny pair of matching knickers with completely see-through circles etched into the material. Sweeping her blonde tresses over her shoulders while her bangs fell into her face, Heidi rolled around on the bed, tipping the camera up to reveal her flat tummy and toned legs.
She wrapped herself in an oversized cream shirt, unbuttoned to expose her pale flesh to the air, and tangled herself in the bedsheets while giving a glimpse of the waiting camera crew setting up their equipment at the foot of the bed.
READ MORE: 'No wonder Taylor Swift has to wee in a bucket – the Eras Tour almost killed me!'
READ MORE: Click for more brilliant Daily Star showbiz stories
With gold leaf-shaped earrings glittering in her ears, Heidi flashed the camera an inviting grin, swiping on a pastel pink lip and dark brown liner around her eyes. She added Ariana Grande’s track yes, and? over the top of her Instagram post, writing in her caption: “YES @intimissimiofficial sneak peek of the new fall collection.”
It comes after Heidi shared how happy she is to be in her 50s. The star, who is married to her toyboy husband Tom Kaulitz, 34, told Hello! magazine: "I feel lucky to be 50. We're lucky to get old.
“When I was younger, I would think: 'Fifty! That's like a grandma already!' Now that I am 50, I don't feel like a grandma, even though I could be one very soon. Who knows?”
Heidi confessed she’s also discovered a newfound love for clubbing now that her children – Leni, 20, Henry, 18, Johan, 17 and Lou, 14 – are old enough to look after themselves. She said: “Now they're older, the days of me going to bed at 9.30am are over. So I feel like with them all being older now - maybe it also has to do with my younger husband, I don't know - it's just fun.
“It's fun to go to a club. I enjoy music most of the time. I'm going to the club and I look around and I'm like: 'Am I the oldest person here? I think I am.'"
Want all the biggest Showbiz and TV news straight to your inbox? Sign up for our free Daily Star Showbiz newsletter.
She added in an interview with Glamour of her age-gap with Tom: "I think it's often just spitefulness.
"Perhaps many people also think I've had too much luck in life. I have a great job, I get to travel the world, I can buy expensive things. And now I've also got myself such a great man."
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.