All the Culture
Still from Wicked: Part One, coming to theaters in November.

	Fall is (almost) here and it's time to make plans. Dallas is a large metropolis with lots to do — and we're here to cull it down to the best bets in arts, culture, theater, music, and dining.

Our team of experts weeded through the key entertainment categories to narrow down five primary picks for each: major film releases, the biggest concerts coming to town, top theater productions, must-see museum & gallery shows, and the five hottest restaurants opening soon.


	Nobody can do it all, but you can surely do these. At the very least, you're in the know.


	Here's our list of arts, culture, theater, music, and dining for fall 2024, starting in late August and running right up to the holidays.

MOVIESThese five films include a highly anticipated sequel, a director's passion project, a star-studded comic book musical, a pop-culture biographical comedy, and a long-awaited Broadway musical adaptation.

Beetlejuice Beetlejuice September 6
	It's been 36 years since director Tim Burton first introduced audiences to the weird and wild world of 
	Beetlejuice, and now he's back with the highly anticipated sequel featuring original stars Michael Keaton, Winona Ryder, and Catherine O'Hara. They'll be joined by rising star Jenna Ortega in the latest attempt to turn nostalgia for one-off '80s movies into a franchise.

Megalopolis  September 27
	The name Francis Ford Coppola still carries a lot of clout despite the fact that this writer/director's output has slowed to a trickle and he hasn't made a universally well-received movie since 1997's  
	The Rainmaker. Initial word on this film, which stars Adam Driver, is less-than-promising, but hope springs eternal that the 85-year-old filmmaker can give the world one last masterpiece.

Joker: Folie à Deux  October 4
	What better way to make a sequel for 2019's 
	Joker than to make it a jukebox musical co-starring Lady Gaga and give it a weird French subtitle? Star Joaquin Phoenix and director Todd Phillips are back from the original film, and given that movie's massive box office - over $1 billion - and the thirst of comic book fans for movies featuring one of that world's best known villains, those who doubt do so at their own peril.

Saturday Night  October 11
	Forty-nine years to the day after TV show 
	Saturday Night Live premiered on NBC (they couldn't wait one more year for an even 50?), writer/director Jason Reitman will release a dramatization of what was happening behind-the-scenes leading up to that first episode. The iconic nature of the show, not to mention the people who brought it to life, might make it a tough sell for some, but the intrigue of how the cast of young actors will portray the famous comedians makes it a strong draw.

Wicked: Part One   November 22
	Movie adaptations of Broadway musicals have a hit-and-miss record - sometimes they 
	win Best Picture, sometimes they completely bomb. But Wicked, which is finally hitting big screens over 20 years after its debut, seems to be one of those no-doubters, even if the studio made the odd decision to not only split the film into two parts, but space them a year apart. With Cynthia Erivo and Ariana Grande in the lead roles, can the Tony-winning musical defy gravity once more?

Pink in concert
	Photo courtesy of Pink
	
MUSICThese five concerts include a rare solo outing for a female rapper, a three-night R&B superstar residency, a massive woman-headlined tour, a pop-punk retro bill, and a holiday chestnut.

Green DaySeptember 11
	Pop-punk act stops at Globe Life Field in Arlington — part of their Saviors Tour crossing the U.S. this fall in support of their new album of the same name. It's a bit of a deja vu as it's the same venue they played back in 2021 with Fall Out Boy and Weezer. This time they're joined by fellow retro acts Smashing Pumpkins, Rancid, and The Linda Lindas.

Nicki MinajSeptember 17
	Rapper Nicki Minaj may not go out on tour alone much - this concert is part of her first solo tour in eight years - but she sure does love the color pink. Her new album, 
	Pink Friday 2, joins a discography that also includes Pink Friday (2010), Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded (2012), and The Pinkprint (2014), with 2018's Queen the only outlier. Minaj, the first woman to score 100 Billboard Hot 100 hits, will perform for the second time this year at American Airlines Center.

UsherOctober 3-5
	It's been a big year for Usher, who headlined the halftime show at Super Bowl LVIII in February. But he capitalized on that massive exposure by announcing a new album and a huge tour in support of that album. The response from his fans proved to be overwhelming, as what was supposed to be just one concert at American Airlines Center turned into three. The tour will also celebrate the 30th anniversary of his 1994 self-titled debut album.

PinkNovember 6
	There will be even more Pink in town when the singer who gave herself that name brings her Summer Carnival Tour to Globe Life Field in Arlington. The artist formerly known as Alecia Moore is now nine albums deep into her career, including her latest -  
	Trustfall - from 2023. Appropriately for the larger venue, the concert will also include a set by special guest Sheryl Crow, as well as warm-up DJ KidCutUp.

Mariah CareyNovember 21
	The holiday season isn't complete without Mariah Carey's "All I Want for Christmas is You," and the iconic singer will give fans a chance to enjoy that song live when she brings her 
	Christmas Time tour to American Airlines Center in Dallas. The tour will celebrate the 30th anniversary of her 1994 album Merry Christmas and feature Carey's holiday classics alongside fan-favorite chart-toppers.

Hand roll by Domodomo, coming this fall.Domodomo
RESTAURANTSThese five restaurants include a hotly-anticipated chef-driven doughnut shop, a buzzy omakase spot from N.Y., a breezy new rosé spot downtown, an all-day hipster hang in Deep Ellum, and a home-cooking East Dallas treasure.

La Rue Doughnuts
	New doughnut shop at Trinity Groves is 
	from acclaimed chef team Casey and Amy LaRue, who previously owned Carte Blanche, the award-winning restaurant-bakery they closed in June. La Rue Doughnuts takes the doughnuts they made in small quantities at their former bakery and spins it into a dedicated doughnut shop that is going to blow our doughnut socks off. They'll focus on doughnuts only (you can stop asking if they're doing croissants), with a variety of styles: brioche, cake doughnuts, old-fashioned, and their signature crullers. Opening August 29.

Domodomo
	Chef-driven dock-to-table concept 
	coming to The Quad — the just-renovated mixed-use development in Uptown Dallas —  is by Brian Kim, a Culinary Institute of America graduate who opened the original location in New York where it is recognized not only for its hand rolls but also for its ever-changing, inventive "domokase" menu – an attainably-priced, omakase-inspired menu offering best-in-class sushi alongside hot and cold dishes. Opening in November.

The Hampton Social
	East Coast-style hangout with lobster rolls and rosé is 
	coming to downtown Dallas, taking over the former Iron Cactus at 1520 Main St. The concept is from Parker Hospitality, a Chicago-based restaurant group that debuted the concept in 2015 with shareable dishes, large-format drinks, and a "rosé all day" theme with a dozen-plus by the glass. The menu skews towards seafood with oysters, a seafood tower, and fish tacos. But there's also a smashburger, chicken sandwich, and steak frites. Opening in fall.

Kanpai Coffee + Beer Garden
	Day-to-night 
	concept opening in Deep Ellum in the former Mama Tried space is from a team that includes acclaimed Austin chef Michael Carranza  Kanpai and will serve as a relaxed meeting place with a focus on quality coffee, food, and drinks for a reasonable price. The Asian-inspired menu will take its cues from some of Carranza's other restaurants such the innovative hand rolls from his Austin restaurant Texas Sushiko, as well as his past experience working for restaurants such as Uchi, Musashino, and Minamoto. Opening mid-August.

Be Home Soon
	New concept 
	opening at Casa Linda Plaza in East Dallas will serve a highly personal twist on home cooking. The restaurant is from Madison King, Dallas musician-turned-chef who envisions a warm, comfortable restaurant with a full bar and menu of home cooking, "no matter where you're from": soups, salads, and sandwiches for lunch, with blue plate specials for dinner — your basic "meat and three style," which they'll change every week. It'll also serve as home to Munchbox, King's snacks board concept, operating as a ghost kitchen out of the restaurant. Opening late 2024.

Surf Wagon, St. Petersburg Beach, FL, 1964, by Al SatterwhitePDNB
MUSEUMS & GALLERIESThese five exhibits include a Frida revisit, a surprising Jewish community, an unconventional video piece, an epic American photographer, and a memorial to a local professor and critic.

Frida: Beyond the Myth, Dallas Museum of Art, August 18-November 17, 2024
	You might think you know all about Mexican artist Frida Kahlo, but here's the chance to see her through her own eyes. Composed of 60 works across media — paintings, drawings, prints, and photographs — the chronological exhibition explores the defining moments of the enigmatic painter's life.

Hidden History: Recounting the Shanghai Jewish Story, Dallas Holocaust and Human Rights Museum, August 9-February 16, 2025
	American photojournalist Arthur Rothstein was working for the U.N. at the end of World War II when he encountered a community of Jewish refugees living in Shanghai, China — an unexpected safe haven at a time when Jews were being turned away by most countries. This exhibit, featuring artifacts, survivor stories, and photos, was previously at the Holocaust Museum L.A. in 2022.

Parent Trap by Eileen Maxson, at Keijsers Koning, August 24-September 28
	Frst solo exhibition at the Design District gallery for Houston artist Eileen Maxson is a video work that hovers between experimental documentary, family relationships, American Zeitgeist, and a polygraph exam. Maxson uses a lie detector on her parents to tackle topics like politics that would otherwise be too polarizing. The work is presented on three screens, each dedicated to one character, making the viewer feel like they are part of a kitchen table conversation.

Al Satterwhite, a Retrospective, at PDNB Gallery, August 24-November 9
	For its first exhibition of the fall art gallery season, PDNB Gallery presents a solo show of photographs by Al Satterwhite (b. 1944, Biloxi, Mississippi), who shot for 
	Life, Newsweek, Sports Illustrated, Fortune, and Car & Driver; worked in the advertising world on campaigns with American Express, Coca Cola, Eastman Kodak, Oldsmobile, and Sony; then worked in the Hollywood film industry. His photographs are in major museum collections including the Smithsonian National Portrait Gallery, the Museum of Fine Arts Houston, and the Santa Barbara Museum of Art.
Honoring Frances Colpitt (1952-2022), Barry Whistler Gallery, August 31-September 28
	TCU professor, scholar, critic, and author who published two books on American art, plus essays, articles, and book reviews, passed away in 2022, after having influenced a generation of young artists and arts professionals during her lifetime. Exhibit spotlights nine artists Colpitt supported including Michael Miller, John Pomara, Allison V. Smith, and John Wilcox.
	
Broadway cast of ShuckedShucked
THEATERThese five shows incorporate the Olympics, Latin theater & dance, Russian folk music, and the wonders of corn.

Jet Fuel, Bishop Arts Theatre Center, September 12-22
	Olympics fever doesn't have to end in August. Inspired by the extraordinary tale of South African Olympic sprinter Caster Semenya, who has faced years of legal battles related to her gender and naturally occurring testosterone levels, this captivating production casts a brilliant spotlight on the intricate intersections of gender, race identity, and the quest for fairness in the realm of athletics.

Company - The Musical, Winspear Opera House, September 25-29A gender-bending twist defines this revival of the classic '70s musical about the famously single protagonist and their quest to find somebody to love who makes them feel alive. Stephen Sondheim's famous score includes the hopeful "Marry Me a Little" and delightful "Not Getting Married Today."
Latinidades Festival, Cara Mía Theatre, September 26-October 13
	Back for its fifth year, this international festival brings together artists from Colombia, Spain, Mexico, Puerto Rico, California, Florida, and Dallas for two-plus weeks of theater, dance, and music. New this year is the arts symposium, October 3-5, with topics like audience building, collaborations, community as a campus, working with your city government, and how funders can partner with artists and arts organizations.

Natasha, Pierre, and the Great Comet of 1912, Theatre Three, November 29-December 29
	The regional premiere of Dave Malloy's ingenious interpretation of part of Tolstoy's 
	War and Peace will seem right at home in Theatre Three's in-the-round performance space, as the musical's productions both on and off Broadway were famously immersive. Get ready for a Russian romp through love, marriage, betrayal, and Bolsheviks with an electro-pop score influenced by Russian folk music.

Shucked, Broadway Dallas, December 3-15
	Those with long memories may have a vague recollection of 
	Moonshine: That Hee Haw Musical at Dallas Theater Center in 2015. It was retooled, renamed, and returned to the stage in 2022 as Broadway's surprise hit Shucked, about a corn-loving community that rallies together to save its No. 1 crop. Even the internet's favorite "Corn Kid" gave the show his stamp of approval, and now the national tour pops up in Dallas.

This Week's Hot Headlines
Editor's note: The top Dallas news of the week is chock-full of happenings in the restaurant scene. Exciting openings include a burger joint's new location, BBQ hidden gem, and the new Gas Monkey IceHouse from Richard Rawlings. Get the details on the most popular Dallas stories of the week below, and then head to our event planner for some weekend fun.
1. Award-winning Dallas burger joint opens location in Forney. An ambitious burger restaurant from Dallas has debuted in Forney. Called Blues Burgers, it’s a mom-and-pop burger spot, located in a former Schlotzsky’s at 750 E. US Hwy. 80 #100, where it opened April 1. Blues Burgers is from Howard and Catherine Baldwin, who opened the original Blues Burgers near Love Field in Dallas in 2014.
2. Family Tex-Mex shutters and more Dallas restaurant news. This roundup of Dallas restaurant news has one tragic closure, but also some upbeat reopenings and relocations. Dig in. 
3. Hidden gem BBQ spot in Grand Prairie boasts up-close golf course views. There’s a hidden gem for BBQ now open in Grand Prairie. Called Crowns BBQ and Sports Grill, it’s inside the Prairie Lakes Golf Course.
4.  Dallas celeb Richard Rawlings opens Gas Monkey IceHouse at The Colony. The day has arrived for the opening of Gas Monkey Icehouse, the new concept from automotive icon and DFW native Richard Rawlings. It will officially open its doors Tuesday, May 6, at Grandscape in The Colony.
Richard Rawlings pouring you a beer at Gas Monkey IceHouse.
            Courtesy photo
5. Dallas foodie fave restaurant Cris and John relocates after 7 years. A major Dallas foodie favorite is on the move. Cris and John Vietnamese Street Food is leaving its location in Far North Dallas at 5555 Preston Oaks Rd., and moving yet further north to 6090 Campbell Rd., in a shopping center at the corner of Preston Road.