Hosted in collaboration with CHANEL, the Academy Women’s Luncheon celebrates female empowerment in the film industry 
Hosted in collaboration with CHANEL, the Academy Women’s Luncheon celebrates female empowerment in the film industry 
The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, in collaboration with CHANEL, hosted the Academy Women’s Luncheon on December 10, 2024. The luncheon, held at the Academy Museum of Motion Pictures in Los Angeles, gathered prominent women from across the film industry to celebrate the Academy Gold Fellowship for Women — a program dedicated to empowering emerging female filmmakers.
Among the star-studded cast of attendees — all dressed head-to-toe in CHANEL — were Ariana Grande, Selena Gomez, Regina King, Ava DuVernay, Sarah Paulson, Olivia Wilde, Mila Kunis, Amy Adams, Awkwafina, Joan Chen, Kristen Bell, Pamela Anderson, A.V. Rockwell, and CHANEL ambassador Havana Rose-Liu.
Academy President Janet Yang opened the event with remarks on the significance of uniting women across disciplines to honor their contributions and inspire the next generation. Later, Selena Gomez delivered a keynote address emphasizing the need for representation and opportunities for women in film.
Academy Executives Branch governor Pam Abdy introduced this year’s Gold Fellowship for Women recipients: Raha Amirfazli and Shadi Karamroudi. Amirfazli, an Iranian writer, director, and producer currently pursuing her MFA at NYU Tisch School of the Arts, has garnered acclaim for her debut feature, “In the Land of Brothers,” which premiered at the 2024 Sundance Film Festival and earned the World Cinema Dramatic Directing Award. Karamroudi, an actress and filmmaker with a background in dramatic literature and music, has directed multiple shorts and is developing her feature-length script, “I Can Hear You Whispering.”
CHANEL’s storied relationship with cinema started in the 1930s, when Gabrielle Chanel designed costumes for stars like Gloria Swanson, Romy Schneider, Jeanne Moreau and Delphine Seyrig. The House’s ties with Hollywood have only grown stronger over the last century under Karl Lagerfeld, with CHANEL creating costumes for films by Leos Carax, Maïwenn, Olivier Assayas, Greta Gerwig and Sofia Coppola.
This collaborative event between CHANEL and the Academy marks a shared commitment to amplifying the voices of women in film. By providing mentorship, funding, and networking opportunities, the Academy Women’s Luncheon champions innovation and inclusivity in cinema.
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!