Fans were given a first look at upcoming films including the Deadpool sequel and Wicked during the Super Bowl adverts on Sunday night.
In the trailer for Deadpool and Wolverine, actor Ryan Reynolds is seen as Deadpool, opposite Hugh Jackman's Wolverine.
Meanwhile, Wicked stars Ariana Grande in the land of Oz.
Super Bowl adverts are a key part of the National Football League competition.
Tens of millions of Americans tune in for the American football championship every year, and the commercials that air during the game are hugely expensive and typically planned months in advance.
The filming of both Deadpool and Wolverine and Wicked were delayed in the UK due to the Hollywood acting strikes, which ended last autumn.
The upcoming third film in the Deadpool franchise has been widely anticipated by fans, keen to see Reynolds and Jackman face off in their Marvel roles.
"Your little cinematic universe is about to change forever. I'm the Messiah, I am Marvel Jesus," Reynolds said in the trailer, on the back of an innuendo joke.
He stars alongside Jackman, who has played Wolverine since the 2000 film X-Men through to 2016's X-Men: Apocalypse, as well as in three spin-off films, including Logan.
The film is rumoured to include Sir Patrick Stewart, who played Professor X in the X-Men films.
It also features The Crown star Emma Corrin and Succession's Matthew Macfadyen, playing an agent from the Time Variance Authority named Paradox.
The film, which is directed by Shawn Levy, is set to premiere in the US on 26 July.
Meanwhile, Wicked, a musical directed by Jon M Chu, is based on Gregory Maguire's novel which inspired the Broadway hit.
It precedes Dorothy's arrival in Oz and tells the story of Elphaba, the future Wicked Witch of the West, played by a green-skinned Cynthia Erivo.
Grande stars as Glinda, the future Good Witch of the North.
The cast also includes Oscar-winner Michelle Yeoh as Madame Morrible, Bridgerton star Jonathan Bailey as Fiyero Tigelaar and Jeff Goldblum as the Wizard of Oz, who all star in the trailer.
The film will be released in the UK on November 28.
The Hollywood stars and co-chairmen of Wrexham FC continue to bring worldwide attention to the city.
BBC Sport looks at the big winners and losers from an eventful NFL Draft, headlined by Travis Hunter and Shedeur Sanders' contrasting fortunes.
Fans ran out to pitch in celebration with their team that sealed a historic third successive promotion.
Club's celebrity co-owner hugs players and poses for selfies after team seals historic promotion.
The Wrexham co-owner stopped for selfies ahead of the match that could see the team promoted.
Copyright 2025 BBC. All rights reserved.  The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.