By BETHAN EDWARDS FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  12:53, 28 July 2024   |  Updated:  12:57, 28 July 2024   
 54
View  comments
Tom Cruise was mobbed by fans as he arrived at the women's artistic gymnastics qualifications during the 2024 Paris Olympic Games on Sunday. 
The actor, 62, was all smiles as he posed for photos as he made his way to his seat in the Bercy Arena. 
He cut a cool figure in a smart white T-shirt which he teamed with dark denim jeans and trainers.
The Mission Impossible star was guided by security to his seat as he paused to pose for selfies with several fans. 
Tom watched sporting legend Simone Biles' return to the Olympic stage again following her turmoil in Tokyo, four years ago.
Tom Cruise was mobbed by fans as he arrived at the women's artistic gymnastics qualifications during the 2024 Paris Olympic Games on Sunday
The actor, 62, was all smiles as he posed for photos as he made his way to his seat in the Bercy Arena
The 27-year-old gymnast - who has 27 world and Olympic titles - withdrew from most of the competition after suffering from the 'twisties'. 
The second day of the 2024 Paris Olympic Games attracted a host of A-list stars and joining Tom in the crowd was Jessica Chastain, Ariana Grande and John Legend.
Tom has had a busy few months, attending Glastonbury, Kings of Leon and Taylor Swift's concerts, watching the tennis at Wimbledon and making a surprise appearance at the Twisters film premiere to support Maverick co-star Glenn Powell.
As well as being out and about, Tom has continued to film scenes for Mission Impossible and earlier this month was seen hanging off the side of a plane for his latest daredevil stunt. 
The actor who will return to screens as agent Ethan Hunt next year, clung on to the underside of a yellow Stearman biplane as it flew over Oxfordshire. 
Back in April, Tom was last seen filming just a stone's throw from Downing Street in London. 
Dramatic scenes signaled trouble for the Impossible Missions Force agent Ethan Hunt as the actor was seen kneeling on the road in surrender. 
Other scenes have been shot across Derbyshire, Surrey and central London at landmarks including the Natural History Museum in Kensington and Westminster Bridge.
He cut a cool figure in a smart white T-shirt which he teamed with dark denim jeans and trainers
The Mission Impossible star was guided by security to his seat as he paused to pose for selfies with several fans
The Top Gun actor beamed for selfies with fans in the arena
Tom watched sporting legend Simone Biles' return to the Olympic stage again following her turmoil in Tokyo, four years ago
The filming of the UK scenes of the eighth instalment of the Mission Impossible franchise initially took place between March and December 2022. 
Production on the eighth film had originally halted so that the cast could promote Part One, and then the strike began causing further delays.
Production restarted soon after, but was suspended in July due to the 2023 SAG-AFTRA strikes.
Filming resumed in March 2024, but came to another halt in May, allegedly due to a faulty gimbal (a camera tool). It has since restarted again.
Mission Impossible 8 was originally meant to be filmed back-to-back with Mission: Impossible – Dead Reckoning Part One, which raked in over half a billion at box office.
If not for the strikes, MI:8 would have been with fans by the end of summer: its scheduled release date is now May 23, 2025.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group