The North American Tour of the Boleyn Company of “SIX.” Photo by Joan Marcus.
In a world of pop princesses, we have to make room for six pop queens! Back by popular demand, Lucy Moss and Toby Marlow’s global sensation, “SIX” once again reigns at The National Theatre. Cleverly written as a pop concert, this musical comedy shares the stories of the six wives of Henry VIII. In a singing competition style, each of the queens takes turns belting out a song sharing their hardships as the wives of Henry, and why they should be the audiences’ favorite queen. This is until they realize why should they be controlled by “his-story” and decide to rewrite their endings. Honestly, thank goodness we did not have to pick a favorite queen. With the incredible talent on stage (expertly cast by Tara Rubin Casting and Peter Van Dam), there was “No Way” a favorite could have been chosen. 
…incredible talent on stage…
Starting on a high note (a fabulously belted high C to be exact) was Henry’s first wife, Catherine of Argon, portrayed by absolute powerhouse Chani Maisonet. Maisonet effortlessly started the show off with a bang, leaving the audience on the edge of their seats for the next queen, the hilarious Gaby Albo as Anne Boleyn. Having one of the more viral songs of the show, Albo’s comedic and vocal prowess led up to the hype of the song. This was very evident by the 13-year-olds in the aisle next to me screaming before Albo could even belt the final note of “Don’t Lose Ur Head.”
Acting as the “upbeat pop” intermission was “Heart of Stone,” expertly sung by Kelly Denice Taylor as Jane Seymour. Taylor’s ability to emote Seymour’s heartbreak through the song left this reviewer truly misty-eyed before the final chorus. Not wanting to leave us too sad for too long, the audience was ready to “Get Down” with Danielle Mendoza as Anna of Cleves. Mendoza commanded the stage with fun and fresh choreography by Carrie-Anne Ingrouille and Eliza Ohman and captured the hearts of all. 
Deemed the “forgotten” queen by, well, the other queens (and maybe history too), Alizé Cruz, as Katherine Howard, made her mark. Sharing the heart-wrenching story of Katherine Howard in such an upbeat and digestible way to younger audiences is no easy feat. With an Ariana Grande and Britney Spears-inspired number, Cruz’s performance definitely did just that. Lastly, the final queen, Catherine Parr, belter Tasia Jungbauer, tied the entire show together with a crown. 
Lucy Moss, Jamie Armitage, and Galia Backal’s vision for “SIX” brought the energy and queendom to Washington, DC. Featuring an incredible set by Emma Bailey and fabulously sparkly costumes by Gabriella Slade, the pop star lifestyle is brought to life. Get your tickets now to learn what PBS didn’t teach you about Henry VIII’s six divas!
Running Time: Eighty minutes with no intermission 
Advisory: Recommended for ages 10 and up. Includes flashing lights, strobe effects, theatrical haze, and loud music throughout.
The National Tour of “SIX” plays through December 1, 2024, presented at the National Theatre, 1321 Pennsylvania Ave NW, Washington, DC 20004. For more information and to purchase tickets, visit the Box Office Monday – Friday, 12:00-6:00 pm, call 202-628-6161, or go online.

		Alyssa Mutterperl (she/her) is a marketing and social media professional based out of Arlington, VA. She received her BBA in Arts and Entertainment Management from Pace University (NYC Campus) and her MS in Digital Marketing Communications from West Virginia University. Her love of theatre has led her to be on the social media marketing teams for Broadway shows such as "Hamilton," "Hadestown," "Harry Potter and the Cursed Child", "Betrayal" (Tom Hiddleston), "Sea Wall/A Life" (Jake Gyllenhaal), and others. She currently works at a social media agency based out of NYC.	
Weekly email with links to latest posts. (Be sure to answer confirmation email.)
Name
Email
Copyright by MD Theatre Guide, LLC.  Privacy Policy Reprint Policy: Our content may not be reprinted in full. Excerpts may be used if a credit and link is provided to our website.