ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre, Senior Contributor. Forbes contributors publish independent expert analyses and insights. Hugh McIntyre covers music, with a focus on the global charts.
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
TOPSHOT - US artist Katy Perry performs inside Windsor Castle grounds at the Coronation Concert, in ... More Windsor, west of London on May 7, 2023. - For the first time ever, the East Terrace of Windsor Castle will host a spectacular live concert that will also be seen in over 100 countries around the world. The event will be attended by 20,000 members of the public from across the UK. (Photo by Chris Jackson / POOL / AFP) (Photo by CHRIS JACKSON/POOL/AFP via Getty Images)
There was a time last decade when Katy Perry was the biggest pop star on the planet. She could be counted on to produce radio smash after chart-topping hit. But, as is always the case in pop music, that era came to a close. As the singer prepares to dole out new music and end a lengthy hiatus, the question of whether or not she can recapture that magic is being quietly wondered by many.
Perry officially announced her comeback earlier this week. The superstar revealed that her new single “Woman’s World,” which is expected to arrive on July 11. A music video will be shared the following day, according to the singer herself.
“Woman’s World” will mark Perry’s first taste of her forthcoming album, which so far doesn’t have a title or release date. How the tune performs will be an early sign of the public’s interest in the chart-topper, and regarding whether or not she’s on her way to returning to the top spot…a position she knows well.
Perry was a certified hitmaker for the first several albums of her career. She sent nine singles to No. 1 on the Hot 100 from just her initial three full-lengths. She even managed five from the same project, and to this day, Teenage Dream remains one of the most successful pop projects in American history.
After a while, her winning streak began to cool off. Her fourth major label album Witness only produced one top 40 hit, as its lead single debuted inside the top 10 on the Hot 100 but quickly fell away. Since then, she’s struggled to return to prominence, and many of her recent songs have not panned out commercially.
“Woman’s World” could change all that. The public seems eager to hear from Perry, as she hasn’t released a traditional single in years. She’s also been working as a judge on American Idol for several seasons, which has helped raise her profile. Perry has been teasing a new chapter for weeks, and with several more to go before the song drops, expectations will remain high.
Perry previewed “Woman’s World” on TikTok, and her clip proves that she’s pivoting back to full-on dance pop. That move has worked for Ariana Grande and Lady Gaga in the past few years, and now it’s her turn. Whether the single will work out and help her rise the charts once again is yet to be seen, but she does seem to be in as good of a position to do just that as she has been in quite some time.