Take a look at the last Summer Arts Festival in Omaha 
Film Streams will unveil a newly restored 2K scan of a tough-to-find film, “The Heartbreak Kid,” at a special event on Saturday.
The 1972 film, starring Charles Grodin and Jeannie Berlin and directed by Elaine May, is rarely seen because Bristol-Myers-Squibb owns the rights but has no plans to sell them, according to the British Film Institute. As a result, the movie is not available on any streaming platform, and the only way anyone has seen it for a while is through expensive vintage DVDs or bootleg copies.
The pharmaceutical company briefly dabbled in film production but eventually dissolved its entertainment division. However, it financially supported the 2K scan of “The Heartbreak Kid” under the expertise of film historian Elizabeth Purchell.
Charles Grodin starred in 1972’s “The Heartbreak Kid” about a self-centered salesman who get disillusioned with his bride on their honeymoon and moves on to another woman even before the honeymoon is over. A new 2K scan of the rarely seen film will be featured at Film Streams this weekend.
The screening begins at 11 a.m. at Film Streams’ Ruth Sokolof Theater, 1340 Mike Fahey St. Tom Knoblauch and Courtney Bierman will lead a conversation about the film after the showing. They aired a four-part series about the life, work and legacy of May on their KIOS radio show “The Entertainment.” All four episodes are available on popular podcast apps. KIOS is Omaha’s National Public Radio affiliate.
Knoblauch is a cultural critic, filmmaker, broadcaster and voiceover artist who, with Ben Matukewicz, started Aksarben Creative to contribute to the Midwest’s film culture. Bierman is a producer and local host at KIOS, working on such shows as “Riverside Chats” and “Faturday.” She also is a Film Streams employee.
“The Heartbreak Kid,” with a screenplay by Neil Simon, is a dark romantic comedy about a salesman who marries his girlfriend after they date for a short time, then finds that her habits annoy and repel him. He falls for another woman — a college-age heiress — during his honeymoon, and courts her against her father’s wishes.
Film Streams will also show the movie at 11 a.m. Sunday, and at the same time Aug. 3 and 4.
A Grammy Award-winning session musician who played on a chart-topping album by The Who is part of the power trio that’s the headliner for this week’s Jazz on the Green concert.
Guitarist Andrew Synowiec, who also played on the soundtrack for the film “Frozen,” is the “S” in SRT, which will take the stage at 7:30 p.m. Thursday at Turner Park in Midtown Crossing, near 31st and Farnam Streets. He also has accompanied such artists as Ariana Grande and Elton John.
The other members of the group are drummer John “J.R.” Robinson, who has played on albums that have sold well over 500 million copies, and keyboardist Mitch Towne, who has been a sideman with such artists as Dave Stryker and Jerry Bergonzi.
Parfait, a local jazz group, will present the pre-show at 6:30 p.m. The park lawn opens at 5.
Leashed pets, lawn chairs, snacks and drinks (including beer and wine but no hard liquor) are allowed in the park. Vendors will also be on hand, and plentiful parking is available in Midtown Crossing garages. For more information and a complete Jazz on the Green schedule, go to o-pa.com
“A Midsummer Night’s Dream” is the next offering from Old School Shakespeare, an Omaha group that stages the work of the Bard in casual settings without rehearsals.
There will be three performances of the comedy over the next few days, starting Thursday night at 7 at the Benson Theatre, 6054 Maple St. Admission is free. Patrons can make a suggested $20 donation through Venmo to @OSShakespeareOmaha. The theater has a full-service bar, and audience members can bring picnics or get takeout food from Benson-area restaurants.
The second show will be a ticketed event Friday at the Durham Museum, 801 S. 10th St. Tickets (including museum admission) are $15 for museum members and $20 for non-members and are available at tinyurl.com/OSSO-Durham-Ticket or at the door. Patrons can buy food at the museum’s soda fountain, and drinks will be served at a cash bar. Doors open at 6 p.m. and the show is at 7.
Kamp Blackstone is usually closed on Sundays, but it will be open this week for the third show. Nice Rollz will be serving food, including its popular Korean corn dogs, and a full-service bar will provide drinks. Admission to the play is free, but $20 donations to the above Venmo address are suggested.
The play, one of William Shakespeare’s most popular works, is set in Athens and has several subplots that revolve around the marriage of Theseus and Hippolyta. Much of the action takes place in a forest.
1929 PHOTO: This photo, dated Aug. 1, shows the girders of the concert hall going into place at the Joslyn Memorial Art Museum. Omaha Central High is in the background. 
1930s PHOTO: Joslyn Memorial Building during the 1930s.
1940 PHOTO: The Joslyn Memorial Art Museum was finished in 1931 at a cost of about $3 million, a gift from Sarah Joslyn in memory of her husband, businessman George A. Joslyn. This photo was taken on Feb. 28, 1940. The museum dropped the word "Memorial" from its name in 1987.
1941 PHOTO: An unidentified child looks at the portrait of George Joslyn at the Joslyn Art Museum during art week in December 1941.
1949 PHOTO: The print room at the Joslyn. People could view the presses and the prints and were allowed to actually use the presses for their work. The lithograph press, left, and the Washington Hand Press, right, were gifts from the Western Newspaper Union. The etch press, which Mr. Kingman is using, was a gift from Alice T. McCoun.
1953 PHOTO: Five-year-old Joanne Lacey at the Joslyn Art Museum in 1953. 
1957 PHOTO: Miss Borg and school students tour the museum in 1957.
1982 PHOTO: A Bagels and Bach concert in the Joslyn's Fountain Court. The classical music concert series, which included a light brunch of bagels and toppings, was held on the first Sunday of the month for more than 25 years. 
1993 PHOTO: Construction of the Joslyn Art Museum addition is shown in this Sept. 20 photo. Bill Herzog with Kiewit Construction works on the addition in the background. The addition was designed by world-renowned British architect  Lord Norman Foster and used the same Georgian pink marble as the original building. 
1993 PHOTO: Exterior sheets of pink Georgian marble arrive at the construction site for the Joslyn Art Museum's addition. Unloading the panels are ironworkers from Davis Erection Co. in Gretna.
1993 PHOTO: Construction of the Joslyn Art Museum addition. Exterior sheets of pink Georgian marble arrive at the worksite. Unloading panels are, from left: Vyrl Blum, an ironworker from Gretna, and Bill McDonald, an ironworker from Fremont. Both work for Davis Erection Co. in Gretna.
1993 PHOTO: Construction on the Joslyn Art Museum addition. The view is looking west on Nov. 18, 1993.
1994 PHOTO: The new atrium between the old and new buildings at the Joslyn Art Museum is this June 1994 photo. Bill Moore, an employee of Joe Kapcheck Granite and Marble Co. out of Chicago, works on piece of granite that will be put on the nearby wall. The new museum space added seven galleries, with over 14,000 square feet of space.
1994 PHOTO: An aerial view of the Joslyn Art Museum addition, which was completed in 1994 at a cost of $15.95 million. The addition bears the name "The Walter & Suzanne Scott Pavilion," after major supporters of the museum. 
2002 PHOTO: Jeremy Biales, left, and Bill Borden work on renovation of  the staircase at the east entrance of the Joslyn Art Museum. Mid-Continental Restoration Co. workers were removing the marble, leveling the concrete underneath and replacing or returning the marble, depending on its condition.
2002 PHOTO: The Walter & Suzanne Scott Pavilion at the Joslyn Art Museum. 
2003 PHOTO: Gary Hayden, left, from Chihuly Studio, and John Landon, a freelance design consultant, work on installing a blown-glass piece by Dale Chihuly in the atrium of the Joslyn Art Museum on Dec. 17, 2003. The men were installing the 25-foot chandelier by Chihuly, which was part of a 2000 exhibition and a gift to the museum from Suzanne and Walter Scott. 
2004 PHOTO: Aerial view of the Joslyn Art Museum, front.
2007: The Matt Wallace Band performs at the first Jazz on the Green concert of the summer at the Joslyn Art Museum on July 5. 
2011: The thunderbird theme, shown here in the Joslyn Art Museum's Fountain Court, is carried out throughout the museum. This photo was taken in 2011, the year Joslyn celebrated its 80th birthday.
2013 PHOTO: To clean “Chihuly: Inside and Out,” the 15,000-pound, 2,080-piece glass sculpture at the Joslyn Art Museum, Dave Pugh takes just four or five pieces of glass at a time off their stainless steel studs, wraps each and labels it, then wipes them down them with a wet cloth and a dry cloth before carefully replacing them. The yearly process takes about a week. The Chihuly piece was created in 2000
2013 PHOTO: Docent Judy Schafer, in blue, leads one of several groups on a stroller tour of the permanent collection at the Joslyn Art Museum on Jan. 16, 2013. 
2013 PHOTO: Mom's and little ones enjoy Edgar Degas' "Little Dancer," during a docent-guided stroller tour of the permanent collection. 
2014 PHOTO: Visitors view the newly restored "Portrait of Dirck van Os" by Rembrandt van Rijn in the Joslyn Art Museum's Hitchcock Foundation Gallery. One of the world's foremost authorities on Rembrandt, Ernst van de Wetering. recategorized the painting from "School of Rembrandt" to an actual Rembrandt.
2015 PHOTO: A Jun Kaneko piece in the Sculpture Garden at the Joslyn Art Museum. Work on the Sculpture Garden began in 2008. When the garden opened in 2009, it featured works from local and national artists. 
2015 PHOTO: On October 31, 2009, Joslyn opened a children's Discovery Garden on the northwest corner of the museum's grounds. This piece, the "Noodles & Doodles" sculpture by Omahan Matthew Placzek, is part of that garden, an innovative, interactive space that attracts children the moment they arrive. 
2015 PHOTO: Fredric Remington's "Bronco Buster" in the permanent Western art collection at the Joslyn.
2016 PHOTO: “Central Park in Winter,” one of 600 original Currier & Ives prints that was donated to the Joslyn Art Museum by Conagra as a parting gift when the company left Omaha.
2017 PHOTO: Scott Orr, left, building and grounds manager, and Kevin Salzman, installation and design manager, move artwork from the museum vault back to the European collection galleries in April 2017. The museum had renovated its European collection galleries. 
2017 PHOTO: Dave Villarreal, right, and Josh Villarreal, both with Allied Construction Services, at work in one of the European collection galleries. The museum had renovated its European collection galleries. 
2017 PHOTO: Artwork in the European collection waits to be hung in March 2017 at the Joslyn Art Museum. The space was under renovation for three months as the museum worked to switch out some of the artwork, refine the collection’s narrative, rewrite the labels that accompany each piece and incorporate interactive iPad stations into the exhibit.
2017 PHOTO: A sign outside the Joslyn Art Museum's European art galleries during renovations in spring 2017. The museum conducted focus groups and surveys to determine the new layout of the five galleries that hold the museum's European works.
2017 PHOTO: Dave Villarreal of Allied Construction Services takes a display fixture out of the wall of one of the European galleries at the Joslyn Art Museum during remodeling in April. It was the first renovation for the galleries since 2000.
elizabeth.freeman@owh.com, 402-444-1267
Receive the latest in local entertainment news in your inbox weekly!
Take a look at the last Summer Arts Festival in Omaha 
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.