They are young, rich, beautiful, stylish, and mega-famous with more money, power, and influence than ever. As they post their wardrobes, beauty secrets, and lavish lifestyles on Instagram and TikTok, the world can't help but eat it up. We're of course talking about fashion and Hollywood's new darlings: Zendaya, Sydney Sweeney, Hailey Bieber, Bella Hadid, and the phenomenon that is Taylor Swift.
A new generation of uber-cool, uber-influential cultural icons, and style stars, these powerhouse Gen Z'ers have taken over where Chloë Sevigny, Sienna Miller, and Kate Moss left off. They aren't just "IT', they are "LIT". Like, on fire.
🍓🍰📲🤳🏻🤳🏻
"It girls are so easy to obsess over, whether you're obsessing over their lifestyle or their looks or how they act. Their image is everything," says New York City-based celebrity stylist Chloe Mango. What's different of course about this new breed of "LIT' girls, unlike their "IT" predecessors (and even the 90s supermodels before them) is that they have total power and control over every aspect of their image. Or rather brand, because let's face it, that's what they are—super-influencer brands for our influencer-obsessed time. "They aren't just powerful, they are powerhouses. "IT" girls used to refer to women with cool style, but stars like Zendaya, Taylor Swift, and Hailey Bieber are not only impossibly cool, they have incredible social media followings and a voice and influence far beyond fashion," says Fashion Times fashion market director Sarah Meikle."
Taking the notion of the "IT" girl to powerful new heights, today's "LIT girls" do really seem to have it all. Power, status, rich partners, billion-dollar brands (and billions in the bank) along with an "IT" factor that is impossible to emulate. In something of a 21st-century paradox, these "LIT" girls feel exclusive and out of reach, while also evoking an an air of accessibility. While most of us can only dream of attaining Hailey Beiber's gorgeous glowing skin, model body, and A-list lifestyle, we can get a taste of it through her Instagram tutorials (and of course her Rhode beauty products). And just look at the love Taylor Swift lauds among her legions of global "Swifties"—it's almost as if she's your best friend or big sister.
Here's a little lowdown on why we've all fallen hard for the "LIT" Girls.
Between her record-breaking 14 Grammy awards, sizzling style, and all-American persona, Swift is the definition of a LIT girl. Over the past two decades, the mega-icon and freshly announced billionaire has released hit album after album inspired by her life and heartbreaks and her ongoing Eras Tour will go down in history as one of the most successful sellouts of the century.
Whether she's on stage in a sequined bodysuit, or flexing her status on the red carpet event — the sparkly green Gucci column dress she wore to the Golden Globes was iconic — the world can't get enough of Taylor. Never mind that she can also rock that signature red lip like nobody's business and is a pinup of timeless beauty with her champagne curls and wholesome girl-next-door allure.
Despite her superstar fame and private jet, Taylor has managed to retain an element of relatability. She often walks the New York City streets in jeans and a t-shirt, posts photos of her cats named after characters from Grey's Anatomy and Scandal, has a close relationship with her family, has a close circle of girlfriends (hello Blake Lively) and is finally living her relationship with Travis Kelce loud and proud. Oh, and she's not afraid to chug a beer at the Superbowl as the world watches on.
Zendaya is the queen of the screen and the red carpet. Her versatility, authenticity, and range have seen her emerge as one of the greatest actresses of our time, and her ability to slay on the red carpet has earned her "LIT" girl status. We are obsessed with watching her every move and constantly in awe of her style, and the powerful influence she holds over a new generation of women.
The actress may work with celebrity stylist Law Roach but Zendaya owns every look and is never afraid to push boundaries. Switching between standout futuristic sci-fi looks like her silver robot bodysuit for Dune and demure polished looks by Versace, Valentino, and Louis Vuitton — the checkered vintage mod dress she just wore for the premiere of Challengers has all of us talking. And while she might have played a directionless drug addict in Euphoria, the star also brings the Hollywood glamour with retro-inspired bobs, and jaw-dropping jewels from Bulgari, a brand that she's been working with for years.
Model, style influencer, and beauty entrepreneur Hailey Bieber (wife of iconic pop star Justin Bieber) has become the poster girl for clean skin, minimal beauty, and so-cool-it-hurts street style. No one does casual neutrals and cozy oversized looks like Hailey.
And then there's her signature gorgeous glowing skin and glossy lips. Launched in 2022, Bieber's highly coveted skincare line, Rhode, allows fans to recreate her natural beauty look. She has also amassed millions of followers on TikTok and Instagram (including Kylie Jenner and Ariana Grande) by sharing her take on fashion's "quiet luxury" and "clean girl" beauty trends.
Bieber has been modeling for the past decade, bringing her "LIT"-ness to the runways for brands including Jeremy Scott, Prabal Gurung, and Dolce & Gabbana, and the list goes on.
In a major fashion moment that hat solidified her status as a bombshell beauty, style icon, and hot property in Hollywood, Sydney Sweeney wore a stunning cream halter gown with a plunging neckline (originally worn by Angelina Jolie at the Oscars in 2004) to Vanity Fair's 2024 Oscars afterparty and also unveiled a choppy textured blonde bob, throwing rocket fuel behind the "Nirvana" hairstyle trend.
The star has definitely hit her fashion stride, killing it with Old Hollywood-inspired red carpet looks from Oscar de la Renta, Givenchy, and Mônot and working the no-pants trend in sequined white hotpants at the Miu Miu fall 2024 show.
Rising to fame as the beautiful, yet tortured Cassie Howard in Euphoria, Sweeney literally stole the show in The White Lotus and she steps into the lead role in her latest film, the romantic comedy Anyone But You. Sweeney also has a stronghold on the fashion and beauty world— she was recently appointed the first global ambassador for Laneige, is a face of Armani Beauty and Kérastase and a Miu Miu ambassador (watch this space, we expect there's more million-dollar contracts to follow). Such is her power, influence, and immaculate complexion Sweeney has over 19.4 million followers, many of whom hang onto her every beauty and skincare word.
Bella Hadid (along with sister Gigi, who is also "LIT") is one of the hottest models in the world right now. She's been in the game for a minute, walking the runways for the biggest fashion designers on the planet, including Marc Jacobs, Moschino, Off-White and Fendi. Not to mention, she's appeared on 29 Vogue covers.
As one of the most influential models and celebrity street style stars, Hadid's fashion choices have ignited a lust for trends from 'Blokecore' to '90s chic, cowboy-core and the 'weird girl' aesthetic. Bella is always rocking something cutting-edge, whether it's a cool track jacket, an archival Jean Paul Gaultier top, or a unique emerging designer.
in 2021, Hadid co-founded the adaptogenic non-alcoholic beverage brand Kin Euphorics, which became an instant hit with today's "sober curious" crowd. Her fortune is estimated at a cool $23 million.
© Copyright Fashion Times 2024. All rights reserved.
Your Privacy Rights
The material on this site may not bereproduced, distributed, transmitted, cachedor otherwise used,
except
with the priorwritten permission of Fashion Times.
© 2025 Fashion Times LLC. All Rights Reserved