Jimmy Fallon exclusively told E! News that he called in “some favors” to get his longtime friend Justin Timberlake to collaborate on a “bromance song” for his new Christmas album Holiday Seasoning.
Jimmy Fallon wants the holidays to be filled with laughs and love from all places.
That’s why the Tonight Show host knew he had to “call in some favors” and recruit longtime friend Justin Timberlake for his new musical comedy album Holiday Seasoning, which also includes collaborations with the likes of Dolly Parton, Ariana Grande and Megan Thee Stallion.
“Everyone needs a bromance Christmas song,” Jimmy exclusively told E! News in October. “I figured, let's do one.”
And the Saturday Night Live alum—who shares daughters Winnie, 11, and Frances, 9, with wife Nancy Juvonen—wanted to make sure the song honed in on his connection with the N*SYNC alum.
“Basically, it's about me missing Justin Timberlake during the holidays,” he continued. “I call him like, ‘Where are you? You're going to be there for me.’ And he never calls me back, but it has a happy ending.” (For more of Jimmy’s interview, tune into E! News tonight, Nov. 7, at 11 p.m.)
And the concept isn’t the only part of the song that’s fun. Justin previously shared that the process of recording the track for the album—which is available in stores now—was a long, fun-filled process because they were “crying laughing.”
“The [recording] session probably should have only taken like two to three hours,” Justin said during a September appearance on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon. “We were there for like eight hours. Eight, nine hours.”
“We went to Electric Lady [to record it],” the 43-year-old continued, “We had no business recording this song at such a fantastic, world famous studio.”
For his part, Jimmy was just as floored to be in such a historic space.
“What are you talking about? This is a high quality song,” he joked before adding, “Legends have been there and then they let me in there and I go, ‘Oh my god. Justin, I can’t believe I’m in this thing.’”
—Reporting by Kathy Buccio
(E! and The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon are both part of the NBCUniversal family.)
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.