Hollywood Life


Latest Hollywood Celebrity & Entertainment News
NewsExpand Menu
EntertainmentExpand Menu
BeautyExpand Menu
FashionExpand Menu
ShoppingExpand Menu
TrendingExpand Menu
Celebrity BiosExpand Menu
Several stars were seen cheering on their favorite athletes during the first weekend of the 2024 Paris Olympics.
The opening ceremony of the 2024 Paris Olympic Games was defying gravity! Several stars — including Wicked actresses Cynthia Erivo and Ariana Grande — graced the red carpet in front of the iconic Eiffel Tower. And while the event honors athletes from around the world, representing their respective countries, several Hollywood stars jetted to the City of Light to enjoy the games, whether they worked as a television host or attended as a guest.
Singer and TV host Kelly Clarkson came out to co-host the event on Friday, July 26, and she shimmered in her navy blue and silver red carpet outfit. As for Cynthia and Ariana, the Wicked co-stars selected outfits that were emblematic of their film characters. Over the weekend, multiple stars were photographed in the stands, cheering on their favorite athletes.
Scroll through our gallery to see photos of which celebs attended the opening ceremony of the 2024 summer Olympics!
The couple posed for the cameras in front of the Eiffel Tower, with Chrissy wearing an olive green two-piece outfit, and John donning a plain black blazer with pants and a white button-down dress shirt. 
The Wicked star opted for her character Elphaba’s green color by wearing this satin strapless dress with a matching hat that was giving Wizard of Oz vibes. 
Gaga was photographed rehearsing for her opening ceremony performance. She was clearly belting out a tune with her powerhouse vocals. 
The Wicked actress opted for a pale pink dress with a bow for her hair — matching her film character Glinda. 
Shaun and Nina were dressed all USA-themed attire. 
The TV host chose this navy blue and silver mini dress for her Eiffel Tower photo-op. 
Peyton was dressed to impress for the event, wearing this spiffu blue-striped sout and matching tie. 
The former alpine ski racer selected a puppy-styled purse as her red carpet accessory. 
Tom was spotted in the stands taking selfies with fans and cheering on the women’s gymnastics team during the qualifying round. 
The Jonas Brothers band member watched intently as Team USA’s gymnasts competed during the qualifying round. 
During the first weekend of the games, Chrissy was seen anxiously watching the gymnastics team dominate the qualifying round. 
After her show-stopping opening ceremony performance, Gaga was seen cheering on the women’s gymnastics team. 
Snoop wore a Simone Biles shirt underneath his Olympic swag while watching day 2 of the games. 
The athlete showed up to watch Team USA compete in the women’s gymanstics balance beam final. 
Eva and Ryan brought their daughters, Esmeralda and Amada, to watch the women’s gymnastics team compete. 
Follow Us:
About Us
Legal
News
Connect