Tatti Lashes sells one lash every six seconds and sold 5 million products in 2023.
Fashion and General Assignments Editor, London

LONDON — The older Khloé Kardashian gets, the more she’s fine tuning her alignments in life and business.

	“I try to be really responsible and I would, for lack of a better term, be stingy with who I align myself with. I feel like we have such large platforms and maybe at the beginning of our careers, I was so excited to get offered any deal that I probably took it even if I knew what it was or wasn’t. I’ll admit to that,” she said in an interview, unveiling her collaboration with Liverpool-based false eyelashes company, Tatti Lashes.

	Kardashian admitted she has been wearing the brand’s false eyelashes for quite some time and that she rarely buys things online using her real name or details — for both security and professional reasons.

	











	
			Related Articles	
	













	Color Cosmetics
	



	
			Patrick Ta Beauty to Unveil First Beauty Pop-up This Weekend in West Hollywood	
			













	Fashion Features
	



	
			Beauty Brands Accelerate Their Formula 1 Drive	
			








	She loves makeup and isn’t shy about it. Much of the Kardashian family run beauty businesses.

	“Out of the blue, they reached out to me to work with them. ​​I was so honored and surprised. They let me have creative control,” Kardashian said of Tatti Lashes.

	“I actually had a dream that we did a collaboration with Khloé and that’s actually what prompted us to reach out. It’s a bit of a manifestation,” said Elliot Barton, cofounder of Tatti Lashes with Charlotte Tiplady.

	The collaboration includes a strip of false eyelashes along with two sets of individual lashes, one for day and the other for the night, as well as a bond and seal applicator and a rose oil infused lash remover that comes with a miniature lashes brush.

	The collection ranges in price from $11.95 to $44.95.

	“I love the playfulness of glam and trying new things out but I am definitely a wearer of more individual [lashes]. But for a night on the red carpet I do love a strip set of lashes,” said Kardashian, praising her Armenian heritage for her naturally thick lashes too.

	She didn’t start wearing false eyelashes until the age of 22 when filming for “Keeping Up With the Kardashians” began. 

	“I would do strip after strip. I would pile them on and get so excited that I’d do a strip on top and a little cluster on the bottom. I lived my best false extension life,” Kardashian said.

	“Back in the day I’d trial and error a lot of beauty trends that I probably had no business being in, but I wanted to try it,” she added.

	Teaming with Kardashian is a step into the U.S. market, which is Tatti Lashes’ second biggest territory.

	The business is expected to have sales of more than 40 million pounds in the financial year ending in 2025 and reported a turnover of 27.2 million pounds in the financial year ending 2024.

	Tatti Lashes sells one lash every six seconds and sold 5 million products in 2023, according to the brand.

	Since launching in 2017 with just 1,000 pounds, Barton and Tiplady have built a fast growing business that now counts the likes of Kim Kardashian, Nicki Minaj, Cardi B and Ariana Grande as fans.
Sign up for beauty news straight to your inbox every day
Top News Stories Alerts Straight to your Inbox.
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
WWD and Women's Wear Daily are part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All Rights Reserved.