By Armando Tinoco 
Staff Writer

Sabrina Carpenter is the artist who registered the most new voters for the 2024 Presidential Election while on tour.

	The “Please Please Please” singer topped the HeadCount list of celebrities who engaged the most new voters throughout her tour in the United States.

	Carpenter registered over 35,814 new voters and engaged over 263,087 voters throughout her Short n’ Sweet tour with giveaways, postcards, and in-person activations.

RELATED: How To Watch Election Night Coverage Online & On TV

	Ariana Grande was second, registering 15,591 new voters and 85,848 engagements. The list also mentioned Green Day, which registered 7,900 new voters and engaged 61,000 during its tour.

	










			Watch on Deadline		






RELATED: Election 2024: First Exit Poll Data Shows Broad Dissatisfaction With How Things Are Going In U.S.

	Carpenter, Grande, and Green Day are some of the celebrities who have used their public platforms to encourage people to register and engage in the presidential election.

	In September, Taylor Swift took to social media to express her intention to vote for Kamala Harris following the one-and-only debate with Donald Trump.

	“I will be casting my vote for Kamala Harris and Tim Walz in the 2024 Presidential Election,” she said on Instagram. “I’m voting for @kamalaharris because she fights for the rights and causes I believe need a warrior to champion them. I think she is a steady-headed, gifted leader and I believe we can accomplish so much more in this country if we are led by calm and not chaos.”

RELATED: Election 2024 Media Winners & Losers: How Joe Rogan & Jeff Bezos Blew It & Charlamagne Truly Became A God

	In the days before Election Day, celebrities like Beyoncé, Jennifer Lopez, Lady Gaga, Katy Perry, and Christina Aguilera attended rallies for Harris. Podcaster Joe Rogan endorsed Trump.
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.