By KATE DENNETT FOR DAILY MAIL AUSTRALIA 
 Published:  01:25, 30 October 2024   |  Updated:  02:37, 30 October 2024   
 18
View  comments
The Block's Mimi Belperio underwent a boob job six years before starring on the renovation program. 
Mimi, who is currently embroiled in the OnlyFans 'flirtgate' scandal, showed off the results of the procedure on her Instagram page back in 2018.
The reality star has been making headlines in recent days after her co-star Brad Baker was accused of making flirtatious comments towards her on The Block.
Brad's wife Kylie sensationally quit the show after overhearing Brad remark that he would 'follow' Mimi's OnlyFans account if she had one in a 'flirty' exchange.
The controversial conversation, which was not aired, came as Brad and Mimi - who is married to Kristian - shared a drink at his house while Kylie napped beside them.
The reality TV star's breast augmentation was done by Dr Kourosh Tavakoli in Double Bay, Sydney.
Photographs posted to her page show the difference in Mimi's bust from before and after her boob job.
In pictures before the operation, Mimi could be seen with a notably smaller bust before showing off her fuller look in a string of snaps in the months following.
The Block's Mimi Belperio underwent a boob job six years before starring on the renovation program (left before and right after)
Mimi, who is currently embroiled in the OnlyFans 'flirtgate' scandal, showed off the results of the procedure on her Instagram page back in 2018 
Mimi also revealed she had filmed a vlog documenting the process of her boob job, admitting she was thrilled about the results in a post shared in July 2018.
Alongside a picture from the vlog, she wrote: 'Hey guys! So I finally finished editing my BOOB JOB VLOG! 
'I hope you guys enjoy and please don't be afraid to message me any questions regarding the surgery or anything really!
'HUGE thank you to @drtavakoli and the Tavakoli gang for all their ongoing help and support as well! 
'You've all given me the best possible experience. I couldn't be happier! AND I FINALLY HAVE BOOBIES!'
On Tuesday night, Mimi broke her silence on The Block's 'flirtgate' scandal after Brad's wife Kylie sensationally quit the show amid the uproar. 
In the latest episode, Mimi recounted her version of events to producers and her husband Kristian, admitting that she did not find Brad's comments flirtatious.
'We were just chatting then Kylie went to sleep on the deck next to us,' Mimi explained.
She underwent a breast augmentation with Dr Kourosh Tavakoli in Double Bay, Sydney, and shared the results to Instagram at the time (left, before with Ariana Grande and right, after) 
Mimi, who is married to Kristian, has been embroiled in controversy after Brad was accused of making flirtatious comments towards her on The Block [L-R: Brad, Kylie, Mimi and Kristian]
'I stayed chatting and maybe there were some comments made that came across as flirty.
'I personally felt comfortable in the situation. All I know is that Kylie woke up and then she went into bed and I think that's when it started so that's when I left.'
Mimi added that the whole situation was 'unfortunate' and that the last thing she wanted was for Kylie to leave the show. 
Kristian was also quick to defend his wife, saying that she had done nothing wrong.
'I don't think Mimi should have any regrets about going out and having a good time,' Kristian said.
'Its coming to that time when were going to have to say goodbye so she's wants to make the most of the beautiful people and friends that we've met.'
Mimi and Kristian also told Daily Mail Australia on Thursday last week that while flirting had occurred, they had put the infidelity behind them. 
Elsewhere, Brad shared his anguish over upsetting his wife Kylie, who he shares four children with, and shared his hopes that he still had a family after she quit the show.
Kylie seemingly flew back to Cairns to be with her children after an emotional conversation with her mother in which she had detailed the 'flirty' conversation. 
Brad's wife Kylie (pictured) sensationally quit the show after overhearing Brad remark that he would 'follow' Mimi's OnlyFans account if she had one in a 'flirty' exchange 
'I love Kylie because, despite what some people may think, she is the nicest most giving person there is,' Brad shared on the show.
'She's so driven. We came on The Block because it was always Kylie's dream to do it. She tried every year and we just wanted to have an opportunity to set ourselves up for the family. A family I hope I still have.'
The drama kicked off on Monday when Mimi and Brad got chatting while having a drink at his home as Kylie napped nearby, with Brad admitting he had crossed a line with his remarks.
'I said some pretty inappropriate comments. I was flirting with Mimi… Kylie overheard them, and understandably she's quite upset,' he explained.
During a phone debrief with her mother, Kylie revealed exactly what went on during the shock conversation between her husband and Mimi.
'Flirting, plus talking really inappropriately. How many f**king chances have I given him? Time after time,' she told her mother.
Kylie then revealed one of the devastating comments her husband made during the flirty exchange.
'Oh, you know I'd follow your OnlyFans,' the electrician and plumber allegedly told Mimi, within earshot of his 'napping' wife.
On Tuesday night, Mimi broke her silence on The Block's 'flirtgate' scandal and her husband Kristian defended her, saying he didn't have anything to worry about  
She also alleged Brad was 'bitching' about her during the conversation and claimed it had 'happened before'.
Kylie immediately left the show, with host Scott announcing her departure from the building site the next morning, and she's not been seen since.
Kylie abandoned her vehicle at 2:34pm that day, taking only her handbag with her, with Brad speculating that Kylie had returned to Cairns to be with their children.
A message recorded on Kylie's Block-supplied phone seemed to support his theory as she admitted her marriage was 'breaking down'.
'Alright, so I'm saying goodbye. I can't be on national television having my marriage breaking down. So I'm going home, and I can't say I'll be returning,' she announced in the message.
'You can talk to Brad about the details, but unfortunately I can't do it anymore. Thank you for the opportunity and I'm sorry I can't stay until the end, I'm just not strong enough anymore,' Kylie concluded.
Speaking with producers later, Brad admitted he believed his marriage was 'done'.
Despite the huge scandal, Daily Mail Australia understands that Brad and Kylie (both pictured) are still together and are working on their relationship 
'I'm embarrassed, and I feel sorry for other people having to live with my choices. She's the last person I want to hurt – her or my kids or my family. But I managed to do it anyways. There's no way this is going to go away or get better. It's done,' Brad said.
'I'd very much say that I've just single-handedly destroyed my family.'
However, Daily Mail Australia understands that Brad and Kylie are still together and are working on their relationship.
'Kylie and Brad have been spending months working on their marriage,' a TV insider exclusively confirmed. 
'The Block shoot left their relationship in tatters and they had been preparing themselves for Australia to see what everyone has been whispering about.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group