We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
Where to stream the 97th Academy Awards.
The Oscars are here for another year, so you might be wondering what time it starts in the UK and where you can watch it to see who takes home the prizes at the 97th Academy Awards. 
The biggest movies of the year will be celebrated in the prestigious awards ceremony that will broadcast from the Dolby Theatre in Hollywood, California, where comedian and former late-night talk show presenter Conan O'Brien will host for the first time.
For the second year running the awards will be broadcast live and free in the UK, with all the glitz and glamour of the event airing on ITV1 and ITVX, STV and STV Player.
The 2025 Oscars will air live and for free exclusively on ITV1 and the streaming platform ITVX in the UK. The broadcast will also be available on STV and STV Player.﻿ 
If you missed it live, on Monday, March 3, ITV will air a Oscars highlights show from 10:45pm, showcasing key moments from the ceremony.
ITVX will also upload behind-the-scenes content and exclusive sneak peaks of the 2025 Oscars as the ceremony takes place.
This year ITV are also featuring an exclusive Oscars 24/7 Channel on ITVX that plays Oscar-winning and nominated movies celebrating past winners and contenders like Gone Girl, L.A. Confidential, Drive and The Help.
The official Oscars ceremony is set to begin in the US at 7pm ET, or 4pm PT, which means it will start at 12am in the UK on ITV on Sunday, March 2.
Jonathan Ross will be live on ITV starting at 10:30pm to host coverage of the Oscars with a number special guests and a panel of movie-loving stars, including Jason Isaacs, Mariella Frostrup and Elle Osili-Wood.
Before the Oscars ceremony kicks off at midnight, for the first time ever viewers can watch the official stream of the 2025 Oscars red carpet live on ITV1 and ITVX, with Good Morning Britain presenter Ross King interviewing the A-list stars as they arrive.﻿﻿
Oscars 2025 red-carpet coverage will stream on ITVX and be shown on ITV1 in the UK during the evening's broadcast.
According to the show's producers, this year's ceremony will likely clock in around the three-and-a-half hour mark, so better get those snacks in if you're planning to stay up late to watch it in the UK.
The biggest movies and stars of the past year are contending for Best Picture, Actor and Actress in a Leading Role, Directing and much more, with  Emilia Pérez leading with 13 total nominations.
The Brutalist and Wicked aren't far behind with 10 nominations each, while A Complete Unknown and Conclave have received eight nominations.
One of last year's best films Anora has a total of six nominations, while The Substance and Dune: Part Two make out with a total of five nominations each across all categories. 
The full list of Oscars 2025 categories and nominations was announced in January, and we've made our predictions of the likely winners on the night based on the stats.
Related: How to watch this year's Oscar Best Picture contenders 
The star-studded event will be presented by a number of previous winners and industry talent, including Cillian Murphy, Halle Berry, Penélope Cruz, Robert Downey Jr, Joe Alwyn, Sterling K Brown, Willem Dafoe, Ana de Armas, Lily-Rose Depp, Selena Gomez and many more.
This year's Oscars will also feature a special performances from Doja Cat, Cynthia Erivo, Ariana Grande, LISA of Blackpink, Queen Latifah and RAYE which will celebrate the filmmaking community.
The 97th Oscars will air exclusively on ITV1 and ITVX in the UK on Sunday, March 2.
Joe is an expert in finding deals on video games and entertainment, providing Digital Spy readers with the cheapest prices on the latest releases and popular tech. 
Besides his editorial content and behind the scenes work keeping the Digital Spy ecosystem running, Joe has over a decade of experience in social media, community management and design work. 
When he's not compiling lists of pre-order bonuses for upcoming PS5, Xbox and Nintendo Switch games, you will find him waiting for the release of a new Jet Set Radio game and attending independent wrestling shows.

How to watch Marvel movies in order
Watch Another Simple Favour for free
How to watch The Gorge for free
Is Conclave available to stream?
Danny Dyer's new movie is now out to watch at home
How to watch Premier League 2024/25 live TV games
How to watch Apple TV+ free
When does Captain America 4 come to Disney+?
How to watch Mufasa: The Lion King right now
When does Snow White come to Disney+?
How to watch Severance season 2 in full
Is A Complete Unknown available to stream?
DIGITAL SPY, PART OF THE HEARST UK ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK
We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England. All Rights Reserved.