NEW YORK, NEW YORK – MAY 06: (L-R) Ariana Grande and Cynthia Erivo attend The 2024 Met Gala Celebrating “Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion” at The Metropolitan Museum of Art on May 06, 2024 in New York City. (Photo by Dia Dipasupil/Getty Images)
Childish Gambino announces new single titled "Lithonia." As the rapper revealed the release date for his new single, the Grammy winner vents about leakers for allegedly streaming the track ahead of the July 2 release.
<em>(Photo by Charley Gallay/Getty Images for Peabody Awards)</em>
Gambino, whose real name is Donald Glover, vented his frustration on TikTok Live this week. While announcing the single set to drop on Tuesday (July 2), he said, "That got leaked. It kinda pissed me off, to be honest. That’s another reason why y’all don’t get good s---. For what? It’s not valuable enough. It’s just a single."
The "Me and Your Mama" artist, 40, specifically called out "youth-driven" streaming service Audiomack for leaking the track. He added, "No soup for you. You’re not getting the album now. That’s what time I’m on."
Also in his Live, Gambino said that the rollout for the project is mostly about "fun," because he feels like "people just not having enough fun." Stressing about the theme of "fun," Gambino said fans can see all of what he's planning in the trailer for Bando Stone when they watch A Quiet Place: Day One in IMAX Theaters.
Gambino has been teasing “Lithonia” on TikTok in recent weeks and used a brief snippet of the track to fire back at his critics. Earlier this month, he posted a short clip of somebody about to list off “the reasons I don’t f--- with Donald Glover.” 
The video then switched to the camera facing the artist looking bored while the new song played the lyrics: “He’s finding out that nobody gives a f---,” played in the background. The snippet has been featured on more of his TikToks since, with him singing the lines. 
“Lithonia” appears to be the first single from Gambino's upcoming album, Bando Stone in the New World, which is due out this summer.
Per HipHopDX, the rapper and actor announced the record earlier this year. The project is set to serve as the soundtrack to a film of the same name Glover is working on and be his final release under his rap moniker.
It will also mark his second full-length release of this year following his fifth studio album Atavista, an updated version of his 2020 album 3.15.20, which dropped in May.
The artist is also gearing up to embark on his massive The New World Tour that will take him across North America, Europe, and Oceania between August 2024 and February 2025. He’ll be joined on the road by fellow genre-bending stars Willow Smith and Amaarae.
Coachella 2024's first weekend came and went with a bang. The famous California Music & Arts Festival had us in shock and awe with amazing special guests throughout the weekend.
During weekend one, big names like Bebe Rexha, Tems, Victoria Monet, Renee Rapp, Tyler, the Creator, Lana Del Rey, Ice Spice, Sublime, Vampire Weekend, Doja Cat, J Balvin, Jhene Aiko, No Doubt, Coi Leray, Grimes, 21 Savage, Lauryn Hill, Taking Back Sunday, Lil Yachty, and many more.
As always, famous faces were in attendance, watching their friends perform and letting loose with the rest of the crowd. Notably, Justin Bieber showed up without his wife, Hailey Bieber, adding to the rumors that their marriage isn't doing well. Meanwhile, love birds Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce hit up multiple stages, watching from the pit and getting super affectionate.
While folks were expecting perfect shows and wild special guests brought on stage during performances, there were some artists who dropped the ball during their set. Grimes kept fumbling with her mixes during her set. She told the crowd that there has never been a show of hers without a "technical difficulty," and as she tried to explain to the Coachella crowd, she said, "Don't blame me because it's not my fault! Well, it's partially my fault, but it's not entirely my fault." In the "classic Grimes fashion," the musician added that her songs had been set to a double tempo and had to do "a lot of internal math" to try to get it sorted to play for the patiently waiting crowd.
(Photo by Matt Winkelmeyer/Getty Images for Coachella)
On social media, however, fans were making fun of her meltdown at the technical difficulties, with users pointing out that this isn't the first time Grimes has done this at her concerts. Meanwhile, one fan said, "This could be the worst performance in the history of Coachella." She took to X (formerly Twitter) to issue a formal apology to fans. Adding that she "admittedly am not in the best mood atm," Grimes said her set next week "will be flawless."
Besides the mishaps, there were plenty of awe-inspiring, wild moments from Coachella's first weekend.
The lovebirds hit up Coachella attached at the hip. Swelce watched Ice Spice perform from the crowd, who gave Taylor a shoutout during her set. Then, the pair was spotted making out and dancing adorably together by fans who posted videos to social media. The couple even made it to DJ Dom Dolla's set, showing Kelce lift Swift up several times during the set, garnering fans online to wonder what she was desperately trying to see. Another fan showed how cute it was witnessing Taylor introduce Travis to everyone.
Lana bringing Billie on stage was definitely a surprise. The two sang Billie's "Ocean Eyes," and though the rendition was beautiful, it was Billie singing Lana's song, "Video Games," that had fans going absolutely bonkers. Billie's voice melds so well with Lana's, but her version of singing the song adds more layers to the 2012 track. One fan hilariously said that the two of them "mended the generational gap between millennials and Gen Z."
With all the rap beef going on currently between Drake, Kendrick Lamar, Rick Ross, and J. Cole, these two rappers performing together while having a blast was not what anyone expected. Tyler admitted during his set how much he used to "hate" Childish Gambino for years, until his 2013 song, "Urn," came out. He told the crowd: “You know what’s sick? I used to hate that n----. Seriously, I don’t know why, I gotta go to therapy to figure it out." He added that Gambino's song was so "undeniable," he was at conflict with himself. Now that the tables have turned, he jokes how Gambino barely returns his calls. He gave the artist props at the end, saying "Thank you for putting out s--- that exceeds expectations or the perception that n----s like us should make. I love you, thank you for existing, and thank you for coming out." The two performed Tyler's "Running Out of Time."
The Saltburn star has been following Carpenter for some of her Eras Tour dates, and now he was in the front row for her Coachella debut. Keoghan earned a peace sign and a flirty little wave from the "Nonsense" singer, who was taking a breather on the stage. As the camera panned to him, wearing a Burberry scarf to cover his mouth, he nervously paces in the crowd. Fans swooned over the couple, as they met up with Swelce to watch Ice Spice perform, holding hands walking around the festival grounds, and showing how big of a fan he is to watch his girlfriend perform, taking videos of her performance.
During Rapp's set, Kesha came out to perform "Tik Tok" together. While allegations against Diddy's [inlink id="creepy-diddy-with-justin-bieber" text="sexual assault and grooming stories"] have been surfacing, Kesha changed the original "Wake up in the morning feeling like P. Diddy" lyrics. As soon as Kesha was introduced and began singing the song's intro, she walked up to the edge of the stage and belted: "Wake up in the morning, like f--- P. Diddy!" Renee joined her on the lyric change and fans went wild on calling out the rapper and producer.
No Doubt reuniting for the first time in over ten years was already iconic. Gwen posed with her ex, bandmate Tony Kanal while at Coachella, having fans be super nostalgic, plugging in lines from their song "Cool" and "Don't Speak." Just like Lana and Billie, No Doubt brought out a Gen Z-er to bridge the gap with their fans, bringing in new ones during their Coachella set. Olivia Rodrigo appeared at the band's soundcheck prior to their performance, later appearing for a performance of No Doubt's 2000 track, "Bathwater."
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!