By Bruce Haring 

Ariana Grande can take the heat.

	Appearing on the Hot Ones podcast, Grande conquered the show’s challenge of eating increasingly spicy wings, making it to the end of a task that has humbled many celebrities. She admitted she “begged” to come on the show, and she certainly proved her mettle.

	She even seemed to top show host Sean Evans, who presumably has more experience in these matters, giving him a taste of black coffee after the final challenge as a way to quell his tearful discomfort.

	Grande used vegan wings for her sauce, and noted that the spiciest sauce triggered an out-of-body experience. But the hot sauces never brought her to an obvious uncomfortable point, and she remained poised throughout.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	













	News
	



	
		
					'Wicked: For Good' First Look: Galinda Exclaims "Elphaba, They're Coming For You!" - CinemaCon 		
			















	Festivals
	



	
		
					Sean Evans Looks Back On 10-Years Of 'Hot Ones' - SXSW Studio		
			







	Grande also smoothly navigated the host’s questions. 




			Watch on Deadline		






	Asked about the impact of leaked music, Grande admitted, “I see both sides.”  

	“It’s hard. It’s really hard for me, because it’s really disheartening, and it’s disappointing, and it sucks. And I am constantly trying to get to the bottom of how people get stuff, whether it’s videos or pictures or audio, songs, and then also like, commented on, criticized, blah blah blah,” she said. “So it’s conflicting because that is very frustrating and feels very dehumanizing, and then the other side is like… I’m so grateful to be an artist people care about, and my fans want more of me, so they’re going to these extremes to steal and break in. It’s so lovely to be loved. But yeah, I sit somewhere in between being grateful to be here at all and being like, ‘But really? Come on.’ So that’s how I feel.” 

	Songs that she’s tired of performing? 

	The singer admitted, “that’s a natural thing” that all artists can relate to, but “seeing the reaction to it also kind of replaces that,” she said. “There was a time when it was hard for me to feel that same gratitude that I do now for certain songs and for the music, because I think some of it was a stressful time, and I think becoming a pop star is insane at 19 or 20. And I think that experience was sort of married to some of the songs a little bit, or some of the songs that are more emotional that the experience that inspired them can be married to the music for me for a second.” 

	She continued, “But with time and therapy, we sort of are able to re-embrace. So I just feel just really proud and grateful, and happy when I hear them. I’m like, ‘That’s a good song.’ Whereas I used to maybe hear it and cry, so that’s a beautiful thing.”
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.