Ryan Reynolds fans have claimed they feel 'robbed' after watching an interview between the Deadpool star and Andrew Garfield as part of an Actors on Actors video by Variety. The series pairs up some of Hollywood's biggest stars to discuss their careers, lives, and craft.
The latest edition will also feature Paul Mescal and Ariana Grande, as well as Nicole Kidman and Zendaya. In the first episode, Ryan Reynolds, known for his role as Marvel's antihero, conversed with Andrew Garfield, who has previously played Spider-Man.
Fans felt let down due to the pair's shared comic book history, sparking demands for a new movie collaboration. This follows the unexpected on-screen pairing of Reynolds and Hugh Jackman's Wolverine, and Garfield's Spider-Man making a successful return in the MCU, alongside Tobey Maguire and Tom Holland, reports the Daily Record.
Excitement is mounting among fans who are eager to see Andrew Garfield's Spider-Man join forces with Deadpool on the big screen.
A YouTube comment from one fan captured the sentiment perfectly: "Man, every time I see those two together, I can't help but think about how we were shamelessly robbed of the greatest bromance with Deadpool and Spidey on the big screen... Their chemistry is truly unmatched! And what pains me even more is that, for some reason, no director sees how amazing these two would be together in the same movie!"
Echoing this enthusiasm, another comment noted: "Shawn Levy (Deadpool director) said he's interested in directing a Deadpool and Spider-Man movie and I originally preferred it to be with Tom but now I definitely see the hype for Andrew."
The buzz continues to grow with the revelation that Robert Downey Jr will return as villain Dr Doom, leading fans to speculate on possible team-ups for Reynolds and Garfield's characters. One hopeful fan mentioned: "I hope they're cast in Secret Wars and their characters interact. It would be hilarious."
Consensus is building around the potential for comedic gold if Garfield and Reynolds were to share the screen, with another fan commenting: "God their chemistry is so good together, kind of makes me wish we can see them in some team up movie down the line like Secret Wars. The jokes and everything with them would be so hilarious. Love how much care they have for their comic book counterparts, they're perfect."
Reynolds touched on the future of his iconic antihero following the film's Golden Globe nomination for cinematic achievement. When questioned by Garfield about Deadpool's future, he hinted at a potential cameo in another film, such as Channing Tatum's possible Gambit outing, saying "I don't know. Honestly, my feeling is that the character works very well in two ways."
He continued: "One is scarcity and surprise. So it had been six years since the last one, and part of the reason is that it swallows my whole life. I have four kids, and I don't ever want to be an absentee [dad]. I kind of die inside when I see their faces and they do a sports thing or something and I missed it. I don't know what the future of Deadpool will be, but I do know that we made the movie to be a complete experience instead of a commercial for another one."
Variety's Actors on Actors is available on YouTube
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.