By 

	Zack Sharf

Digital News Director

	Judy Garland’s daughter Lorna Luft has joined the chorus of moviegoers raving about “Wicked” ahead of the musical’s theatrical release. Luft’s mother, of course, is an icon of cinema having played Dorothy Gale in 1939’s “The Wizard of Oz.” “Wicked” serves as a musical prequel to that story, with some of the events of “The Wizard of Oz” factoring into its second act. Luft is the daughter of Garland and Sidney Luft, which also makes her the half-sister of Liza Minnelli.





	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					Nintendo Switch 2 Won’t Be Superior Successor — But It Still Matters		
			














	
		
					'House of the Dragon' Season 3 Casts Barry Sloane, Tom Cullen, Joplin Sibtain		
			








	“This movie is astounding! It’s epic, brilliant, touching and honest,” Luft wrote on Instagram. “It is breathtaking to look at … the sets, costumes, makeup, performances, choreography and the entire scope of the movie, is everything I wanted it to be. I told the genius director Jon M. Chu that he had picked up the torch, the broom and the wand, and carried it forward; and thanked him, for adding to the family.”

	










			Popular on Variety		






	Luft added that Cynthia Erivo and Ariana Grande are “nothing short of magnificent” as Elphaba and Glinda, two witches who eventually come into contact with Garland’s Dorothy later in the story. 

	“They take you on an emotional rollercoaster,” Luft wrote of the actors. “Vocally, they both are phenomenal and jaw dropping! Their performances are honest, subtle, funny and absolutely perfect.”

	Luft concluded that “Wicked” was made “with a great deal of love and respect” for the original “Wizard of Oz” movie, adding: “Go see it and be taken on the journey of the witches! And buckle up, because it’s one joy filled ride.”

	“Wicked” is the film adaptation of the Broadway musical of the same name, which has been running since 2003. The story centers on the friendship that blossoms between the popular Glinda and the outsider Elphaba. The film’s supporting cast includes Jonathan Bailey, Michelle Yeoh, Bowen Yang and Jeff Goldblum. 

	Read Luft’s full review of “Wicked” in the social media post below. The film opens in theaters nationwide Nov. 22 from Universal. 
A post shared by Lorna Luft (@lornaluftofficial)
The Business of Entertainment