What were you up to in 2014? Can’t remember? We’re sure listening to the best summer songs of 2014 will help jog your memory… 

Skiddle Staff
Last updated: 17th Jul 2024
In the year that Arctic Monkeys played two sold-out shows at Finsbury Park, Kim K shot a stream of champagne over her head and into a glass perched on her butt, and Solange swung for Jay-Z in a lift, some proper bangers were dominating the airwaves. 
Of the summer hits 2014 had to offer, there were some killer tracks that we still blast on full volume today. And since summer’s in full swing and we need tunes to soundtrack it, we put together this list of the best summer songs of 2014. Enjoy. 
Rude - MAGIC!
We don’t think this one needs much of an explanation. Reggae and summer is a match made in heaven. Rude’s chilled vibes, paired with catchy pop melodies, instantly made it one of the best summer songs of 2014.
Gecko (Overdrive) - Oliver Heldens, Becky Hill
We hadn't seen the music video for Gecko before now. And to be honest, we wish it stayed that way. But anyway, in 2014, Gecko was constantly booming from Ford Focuses as they zoomed around with the windows down. And fair play, because we reckon blasting this tune while driving about in your car on a sunny day would make you feel invincible. 
Break Free - Ariana Grande ft Zedd
Break Free had us all passionately scream-singing along like we hate our ex’s guts, whether we even had one or not. A versatile banger, this tune suits all sorts of occasions, from night out to drives, “home-alone-so-I’ll-dance-my-arse-off” moments and everything in between. 
Budapest - George Ezra  
Not everyone likes pop and electronic music. So here’s one for those who prefer a different vibe. Everyone was obsessed with Budapest for quite a while because, put simply, it slaps. George's deep, comforting voice, the soft instrumental, and the theme of love are just some of the many reasons we can’t resist it.
I Got U - Duke Dumont ft Jax Jones, Jess Glynne
Come on, a tune with steel drums in automatically wins a spot here. Undoubtedly one of the best summer songs of 2014, I Got U is insanely euphoric from the lyrics to the instrumental. Even the music video (until you remember the protagonist has a VR set on). Jess Glynne was on a feature fiesta this year too, with more tracks also featured in this list, however, this one might just be one of Jess's top 2014 summer songs.
Summer - Calvin Harris
Despite currently being a TikTok meme, Summer clearly understood the assignment. Calvin knows how to pen a blissful, summery tune with catchy lyrics, even his voice sounds a bit weird when delivering those lyrics, resulting in the internet taking the piss. 
Waiting All Night - Rudimental ft. Ella Eyre
Nothing beats Waiting All Night for a lethal hit of nostalgia. This is another of those summer songs of 2014 that was everywhere. You’d hear it blasting from cars, people’s speakers on buses, on nights out, and even on TV adverts. A killer tune, Waiting All Night instantly sticks a smile on your face. 
Sing - Ed Sheeran
One of the biggest artists on the planet's funkiest ever tunes that was built for the summer. Once the chorus of 'O's' gets going you are instantly transported back, and any lists of the summer hits 2014 had to offer are doing themselves a disservice without this track on it. 
Fancy - Iggy Azalea ft Charli XCX
The pure swagger and fun that oozes from this song are an infectious as its lyrics. Iggy and Charli brought the fire with this absolute banger back in 2014, and we challenge you to find a person who grew up in this era who won't scream "I'm so fancy" when the song kicks into its iconic chorus. 
Rather Be - Clean Bandit ft Jess Glynne
There are few more nostalgic openings to a track than the strings at the start of this Clean Bandit classic. It conjures up feelings of a simpler life, perhaps we were just young, maybe it's just that good a track... we're not sure. But we are sure of is that we'll be screaming along with Jess Glynne to every word in that chorus (just maybe not to the same calibre.)
Those were our favourite summer songs of 2014! A pretty solid year for tunes with summery vibes, it wasn’t too easy to choose which songs deserved a spot, but we hope your favourite got a place. And if it did, it’s Gecko, isn’t it? Gecko’s your favourite. At least it probably should be…
Want to find more of our picks for the best summer songs from the years you reminisce about? Well then click on the following years and find out: 2010, 2011, 2013, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, 2021, 2022
Check out our What's On Guide to discover even more rowdy raves and sweaty gigs taking place over the coming weeks and months. For festivals, lifestyle events and more, head on over to our Things To Do page or be inspired by the event selections on our Inspire Me page.
Read more news
live news
club news
festival news
all latest news
Order History / Your Tickets
Gigs  ●  Clubs  ● 
                    Festivals ● 
                    Things to do
“On your side since 2001, because we believe true fans deserve a
                    fairer and smarter way to discover events they love.”
© 2001 - 2025 Skiddle Ltd  |  Skiddle is a registered
                    trademark  |  ALL RIGHTS RESERVED

        We use cookies to make sure we give you the best experience possible. By continuing, you're accepting that
        you're happy with our cookie policy. Click
        here
        to find out more.
    
❌