By Tom Tapp 
Deputy Managing Editor

	The first teaser from Saturday Night Live’s upcoming 50th anniversary season has been released and it leans heavily into the show’s storied history.

	Featuring this weekend’s host (and recent Emmy-winner) Jean Smart, the video seesaws between classic clips from the show and Smart, who tries to get her lines out before being interrupted by the next bit of SNL nostalgia.

	She finally explodes, “Knock it off already, all right? Can we make this a little bit more about me?”




			Watch on Deadline		






	Watch below to see how it ends.

	Smart, fresh from her Emmy win, hosts the show on September 28 with another Emmy attendee, musician Jelly Roll, who sang as part of the In Memoriam tribute.

	










	Nate Bargatze, Ariana Grande, Michael Keaton and John Mulaney are set to follow as hosts as SNL kicks off Season 50 with five consecutive shows.

RELATED: ‘Saturday Night Live’ Season 50 News And Updates: Everything To Know
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.