"In full support of all people who do these these things."
Tessa Petak is a Brooklyn-based writer who helps to cultivate InStyle's illustrious news coverage across a wide range of topics including celebrity, fashion, and entertainment. She also produces and composes celebrity profiles and features for the site and InStyle's digital issues.
Getty Images
 Ariana Grande is setting the record straight when it comes to the cosmetic procedures she's had done. The singer got truthful during an episode of Vanity Fair's Lie Detector Test series and shut down the rumors about what work she's had done.

 Grande's Wicked co-star, Cynthia Erivo, asked her a series of questions while she was hooked up to a polygraph machine. At one point in the video, Erivo grilled Grande about the plastic surgery speculation—much to Grande's happiness—asking if she'd ever had her nose done, a "boob job," or face lift, to which she all responded "No." When the machine's operator confirmed that Grande was telling the truth, she exclaimed, "This is the best day of my life! Take that, you YouTube people."

 Although she hasn't had any of those procedures, Grande said she would be "open" to a facelift in the future.

Getty Images
 Erivo went on to inquire about a "fox eye lift," which Grande also denied having, though she admitted she was flattered that people thought she had. “No, but I discovered it through people who thought I did and I said, 'Thank you.'”

 She also teased that she didn't even know how a chin implant worked.

 When Erivo brought up a Brazilian Butt Lift (BBL), the co-stars began laughing.

 "Get the fuck out of here," Grande said. When asked if she would ever get one, she replied, "No, that wouldn't work for me. I don't think that's my thing, and I'm okay with that."

Getty Images
 Grande shared that while she hasn't had any invasive procedures, she has received fillers and Botox in the past.

 “I’ve had fillers in various places and Botox, but I stopped, like, four years ago, and that is the extent," she said. She added that she supports anyone's decision to have those things done.

 "In full support of all people who do these these things," she said. "Work! Whatever makes women, men, non-gender-conforming people feel beautiful should be allowed. Why do we care?!”

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)