Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
In the behind-the-scenes Prime documentary 'The Greatest Love Story Never Told,' casting director Nancy Nayor is heard saying that Lizzo was among the many celebrities who were unavailable to star in Lopez's 'This Is Me … Now: A Love Story.'

							By 

	Tatiana Tenreyro


	One of the most revealing moments of Jennifer Lopez‘s Prime Video documentary The Greatest Love Story Never Told is the behind-the-scenes look at the casting process for her musical film, This Is Me … Now: A Love Story.

In the Heights’ Anthony Ramos turned down an offer to appear out of respect for his friend and Lopez’s ex-husband, Marc Anthony. Khloé Kardashian was allegedly supposed to make a cameo, but rejected the role. Taylor Swift was a no. Ariana Grande was busy filming Wicked. Jason Momoa was not available, nor was Jennifer Coolidge or Snoop Dogg. Lizzo was also said to be unavailable. 

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	Lifestyle
			



	
		
					Former William Morris Agent Elaine Goldsmith-Thomas to Discuss Debut Novel, 'Climbing in Heels,' with Jennifer Lopez in TalkShopLive Show		
			














	
	Movies
			



	
		
					Jennifer Lopez to Star in Netflix's 'The Last Mrs. Parrish' From Robert Zemeckis		
			








	After watching the documentary, Lizzo took to TikTok to deny that she rejected a role in the musical film. “Ain’t nobody told me nothing!” she said. “Nobody asked me! JLo, I love you.”
#stitch with @Nat Banda 🫶🏾

	It’s possible someone could have passed on the offer on behalf of the “About Damn Time” singer. A fan pointed out in the comments why Lizzo was likely unavailable: “You were on tour!” Lizzo spent the spring and summer of 2023 on her Special Tour, which was around the time that Lopez was working on her project.

	Lopez planned a three-part project for the release of her first album in over a decade, This Is Me … Now. She made This Is Me … Now: A Love Story as a visual vehicle for her record, giving fans a wider glimpse at her many complicated romances and reunion with now-husband Ben Affleck. The documentary, The Greatest Love Story Never Told, was filmed to show the process of self-financing the musical movie, as well as giving a look at the multihyphenate’s dynamic with Affleck behind closed doors. 

	While speaking with THR about This Is Me … Now: A Love Story, Lopez explained why she decided to make a musical movie experience, rather than creating individual music videos for the album. “I didn’t think it was right to throw out a video and do the normal thing. I wanted to do something really different with this. I called [music video director] Dave Meyers, we sat down together and I played him some of the music. He says that I sang some of the music to him, too,” she said. 

	Lopez continued, “I told him that I made this album 20 years ago, and now we’re here, and he said, ‘That’s the story. The story you just told me is the story.’ I told him that I didn’t want to tell the story of Ben and I, because people know that story. I wanted to do something different. So we embarked upon how to do that in a visual way with singing, dancing and funny in a life-like way.” 
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.