Bayou queen Bri Babineaux has racked up over 200 million digital streams, been sampled by the likes of Kanye West, and is one of the few artists Drake follows on Instagram. The Louisiana native’s first urban foray “I Will Wait” hit No. 1 on Billboard’s Gospel Airplay chart for two weeks earlier this year and has amassed over ten million digital streams. Babineaux has reteamed with seasoned R&B tunesmith and “I Will Wait” co-writer Makeba Riddick (who co-wrote Rihanna’s “Rude Boy,” Jennifer Lopez’ “All I Have,” and Beyoncé’s “Deja Vu) on an assertive new anthem, “Confident” (Bri Babineaux Music / Tyscot).
The ladies recruited some soulful gentlemen such as gospel singer Juan Winans, urban inspirational artist Jor’dan Armstrong alongside Lionicio Saenz Jr. (who’s written for R&B hitmaker Ro James) to flesh out the song’s lyrics and concept under the watchful eye of producer Slikk Muzik (aka Rickey Offord) who’s produced the likes of Ariana Grande and Chris Brown.
“Confident” isn’t just a song for Babineaux. It’s her new mantra. Recently divorced, and suddenly a single mother of a toddler, Babineaux is harnessing her faith with her personal resolve to persevere as an independent young woman with entrepreneurial pursuits. She sings:
I’m not where I’m going
But I’m not where I been
Exactly where I’m standing
He got me so content
“I’m at a place that’s both scary and exciting,” says Babineaux. “On one hand I’m out here on my own but then again, with God, I’m never alone. I’m just exploring new opportunities. I’m stretching myself as an artist, I’m pursuing some enterprises and I’m also raising my son Eli. I’m just figuring it out as I go and I’m confident that God ha sgot my back and is charting my path.”
Babineaux first hit No. 1 on the Billboard Gospel Airplay chart with the country-tinged, “He’s My Rock,” in August 2021. Over the last decade, she’s racked up millions of digital streams for her signature songs such as “Make Me Over,” “My Hands Are Lifted Up,” and “Set A Fire.” She first rose to fame, dramatically belting out the song “Make Me Over” a cappella from a couch. Within months she had millions of followers such as Rihanna, Brandy, Justin Bieber, and Drake. Kanye West sampled Babineaux’s dramatic vocals on “Lord, I Need You” from his 2021 Donda set. Her songs have been programmed on both Gospel and R&B DSP playlists alongside R&B divas with a spiritual side such as H.E.R., Koryn Hawthorne, and Queen Naija.
Notice: The information in the post above may have been formatted to suit this website, but is not necessarily material originally created by, or is exclusive to CCM Magazine. CCM Magazine is a part of the Salem Media Group, America’s leading radio broadcaster, Internet content provider and magazine and book publisher targeting Christian audiences.
You must be logged in to post a comment.