Username
Password
Remember me
Forgot your password?

                                Subscribe today to gain access to every Research Intelligencer article we publish as well as the exclusive daily newsletter, full access to The MediaPost Cases, first-look research and daily insights from Joe Mandese, Editor in Chief.
                            
If you're already a paid subscriber, please sign-in.
Username  
                                    
Password  
                                      Forgot?
Log in if you are already a member
Username  
                                    
Password  
                                      Forgot?
For the first time, Snapchat is
introducing ads in the app’s Chat tab, debuting these “Sponsored Snaps”
with Universal Pictures. Every Snapchat user in the U.S. will now see an ad for the film adaptation of “Wicked” leading into its opening weekend, presenting new opportunities for Snap's ad
partners moving forward.
The 10-second ad spot features English actor Jonathan Bailey, who plays Fiyero in the movie alongside Cynthia Erivo and Ariana Grande. “I can't wait for you to
see ‘Wicked,’” Bailey says in the ad. “It's only in theaters this Friday. Get your tickets now!”
Below Bailey's face, the screen reads, “Let's take a trip
to Oz!” with a link directing curious fans to the designated website for the film, which opens on November 22.
advertisement
advertisement
Although all users in the U.S. ages 18 and over will receive the ad in
their inbox, they will have the option to ignore the full-screen ad by choosing not to tap on it. If a Sponsored Snap is left un-viewed, Snapchat says they will be automatically removed from users'
inboxes.
The social-media company first introduced Sponsored Snaps early last month as a way to accelerate the growth of its advertising business by attempting to reach users in a more direct
way.
Upon the initial announcement, Snap CEO Evan Spiegel said that the company's share price performance has lagged the overall market due to its ad business growing slower than its
competitors. Therefore, Snap decided to integrate sponsored placements in users' personal inboxes -- a space previously untouched by promotions.
The company says that Sponsored Snaps are
designed to engage prospective customers across the funnel within a single ad placement, attempting to “raise awareness with broad reach” while “improving consideration with people
who choose to view the Snap” and “driving conversion with an in-message call-to-action.”
As for the decision to debut the new ad placement with “Wicked” and
Universal Pictures, Snap cites Kantar, which says 92% of weekly Snapchatters are theatergoers, while nearly 75% of this group watch movies with at least one other person. 
In addition,
Snapchatters are 1.7x more likely to see a movie on premiere weekend than non-Snapchatters, according to NRG.
advertisement