Manage your account
Michigan moviegoers hoping to be transported into the Colosseum alongside a blood-speckled, sword-swinging Paul Mescal or carried into a world of yellow roads, towering green cities and song in the Land of Oz will have the option to add screens to their watching experience this fall.
A 270-degree panoramic viewing option, Screen X, will open on Nov. 22 at MJR Marketplace Cinema in Sterling Heights for the much-anticipated releases of “Gladiator II” and the first installment of “Wicked,” according to a news release from MJR Theatres and its project partner CJ 4DPLEX.
ScreenX extends the viewing experience from a single screen in front of an audience to include the walls on their left and right. It comes by way of CJ 4DPLEX, a Seoul-based next-generation cinema technology and content production company.
The ScreenX experience also uses a Barco Laser projector that the companies say delivers a superior image with increased contrast ratios and vivid colors.
“Through its unique presentation of key scenes and exclusive scenic elements, ScreenX immerses audiences in an unparalleled visual environment, reimagining the way movies are experienced,” the news release stated.
More: 'Gladiator II' trailer teases Paul Mescal fighting Pedro Pascal — and a rhinoceros
More: Ariana Grande defends Cynthia Erivo following 'deeply hurtful' fan-made 'Wicked' movie poster
Screen X debuted in the state earlier this year at the MJR Waterford Cinema.
The debut at the new location will also mark the opening weekend of the action movie “Gladiator II,” featuring actor Mescal, and the musical “Wicked,” featuring American popstar Ariana Grande and British actress Cynthia Erivo. “Gladiator II” is a sequel to the 2000 Oscar-winning Russell Crowe movie of the same name. “Wicked” is based off the Broadway hit of the same name, which was based off a similarly named book derived from a 1900 children’s book and the subsequent 1939 “The Wizard of Oz” movie.
Those who check out the films in ScreenX can also look forward to powered reclining chairs and the option of VIP seats with heating, side tables, storage compartments and privacy enclosures.
The Waterford ScreenX opening was a success, said Joel Kincaid, vice president of operations for MJR Theatres, in a statement in the release.
Kincaid also indicated ScreenX would expand to “very likely more locations in the coming years."
The operators boast more than 392 ScreenX auditoriums around the world.
This article originally appeared on Detroit Free Press: 'Wicked,' 'Gladiator II' to use ScreenX at MJR in Sterling Heights