Emmerdale fans will see Sarah Sugden, portrayed by Katie Hill, at the heart of fresh drama in upcoming scenes.
In the episodes to come, sparks are set to ignite between Sarah and Jacob Gallagher, played by Joe-Warren Plant, as they plan a romantic date.
Yet, in classic soap opera fashion, just as Jacob has set up a date with Sarah, his mum Leyla Harding, played by Roxy Shahidi, demands he join her for lunch, leaving Sarah feeling jilted. But did Leyla do it on purpose?
As the week progresses, Jacob seeks forgiveness from Sarah, and they agree to try for another date - but will it go to plan?
Actress Katie, 21, has played the role of Sarah since 2017. Prior to this, the role was played by Sophia Amber Moore from 2007 to 2016.
This was Katie's first television debut after previously starring in theatre and musical roles. Back in 2020, Katie wowed soap fans with her cover of Almost is Never Enough by Ariana Grande and Nathan Sykes on Emmerdale's YouTube channel.
Katie went on to cover various songs on her Instagram and in 2024 she released her debut single, Bitter Sweet. Posting a video back in August, titled: "Bittersweet out now<3 link in my bio x".
Katie said: "Hey guys, just back making another video to let you know that song I showed you all a clip of a few weeks ago is now out on Spotify and all other streaming platforms", encouraging her 103K followers to "go have a listen" and let her know what they think.
The actress was supported by many of her Emmerdale co-stars as Amelia Spencer star Daisy Campbell said: "Yayy so proud of you" with a heart emoji while Lawrence Robb, who plays Mackenzie Boyd, added: "The song is gorgeous! Well done!" with heart emojis.
Meanwhile, one fan put: "Wow you sound unreal.....your voice is beautiful well done, added to my Spotify playlist xx" while a different account added: "Well done girl so happy for you."
Emmerdale airs every weekday at 19.30pm on ITV1, ITV X, STV and STV Player with an hour-long episode on Thursdays. It is also available each morning from 07.00am on ITVX.
If you love your soaps pick up Love TV's Best of British Soaps, packed with all your favourite characters and storylines. As well as interviews and quizzes. Click here to buy or it's on sale at participating retailers.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.