full look. Paris Laundry
opposite
full look. Valentino
Sometimes you make choices in life that connect to what may seem like random coincidences tied together by an invisible string, when finally the series of events all make sense. Much like Ariana Grande manifesting her role in the upcoming Wicked movie, emerging actor Joshua Colley quite literally manifested his role of Hook in the latest installment of Disney’s Descendants: The Rise of Red. From making the bold choice of sporting the unpopular Captain Hook Halloween costume at 7 years old when the obvious choice was the hero, Peter Pan. Or wearing a scar on his cheek from an accident with a Peter Pan statue outside of a thrift shop when he first moved to LA. These remarkable serendipities paired with his experience in musical theatre and love for Disney ultimately led Colley to land this role of a lifetime. 
At just 22 years old, Colley already has some impressive bullets on his acting resume. In 2013, he landed the role of Les in Disney’s Newsies on Broadway, and the following year he took on the role of Gavroche in the Broadway revival of Les Miserables, alternating in that role with Gaten Matarazzo. He has a few on-screen accolades as well, including Netflix’s Love, Victor, the Rebel Wilson comedy Senior Year, Dead Boy Detectives, and Hulu’s Sex Appeal. As if he isn’t busy enough, he’s also adding musical artists to his list of skills, as he plans to release his original “indie sad boy” music later this year. And now, in the ever-expanding world of Disney’s Descendants, where the children of iconic heroes and villains forge their paths, Colley emerges into the magnetic Hook in the latest installment, The Rise of Red. 
The week of the film’s release, Schön! sat down with Joshua Colley as he spilled all about his version of Captain Hook and everything that led him to landing this role, stepping into the world of Auradon for the first time, the love infused between the rest of the Descendants cast, and his dream of taking on the role of a very popular Disney prince. 
full look. Aknvas
opposite
full look. Valentino
Congrats on the release of Descendants: The Rise of Red! How does it feel that the project is nearly out into the world?
Thank you so much – I am so excited! We filmed it almost two years ago – at least that’s what it feels like. It’s all a blur. It’s been a while since the whole cast has been all together – we’ve been doing press and being united all together again has been so wonderful and we’re all so, so excited for everyone to see this movie. I know Descendants fans have been eagerly waiting for the next installment – I know I have, and I am maybe the biggest Descendants fan [laughs]. I think the world and the movie is so rich and cool, and the songs are amazing, so I’m just so excited for people to see it all together. I know people have gotten little glimpses of it here and there, but when you see it all together, it really slays [laughs].
I know you and the cast just had a big appearance at Vidcon. What was it like being in front of a huge group of fans as a cast for the first time? How was the energy? 
Oh my gosh, the energy was palpable! This was one of our first experiences as a cast to be able to interact with the fans face to face, and we were all very nervous because this is such a big franchise and it’s so near and dear to a lot of people’s hearts, including mine. We were just eagerly waiting to be able to talk with everyone, and they were so welcoming and so kind and so excited for the movie. To see that excitement has been really great because we’ve been excited and keeping our mouths shut not to spoil anything! We’re just so excited for people to see the work that has been put into it. 
You answered my question on if you were a big Descendants fan before joining the franchise, but do you remember your first experience being introduced to the world of Descendants? 
I was such a huge fan of the High School Musical movies, and Kenny Ortega directed those, so I was just a big Kenny Ortega fan. So, when my parents or whoever put on the [Descendents] I knew it was the same guy! I was immediately hooked. I’m such a musical theatre boy – I did Broadway when I was younger, and so movie musicals were really my introduction to the world of musical theatre and that merge of TV and film. These Disney Channel Original Movies are really what got me to where I am right now. The original Descendants were a staple in my house, and they are so well done. The cast is so wonderful and the songs are amazing and I still hear them every day. The Descendants Halloween costumes were still some of the most popular Halloween costumes just last year. The world has still been around me, and everyone really, even though there hasn’t been a new movie in a while! I was also such a big fan of Captain Hook, which is the part I am playing. I actually dressed up as Captain Hook for Halloween when I was seven – I was manifesting it!
full look. J.LINDEBERG
opposite
full look. Isabel Marant
Well, you obviously manifested it, but what specifically led you to audition for the role of Hook?
It was just like any other audition, it just came into my inbox! I was actually already aware of the project because some of my other friends were going out for the roles of Red and Chloe, and I’m kind of like the communal self-tape helper [laughs] – everyone always calls me to help them with their self-tapes and read with them, which I love doing. I thought it was so exciting that they were doing another Descendants movie, and secretly was like “damn, I wish I could be in this movie!” A couple of weeks later, I got the audition for Captain Hook, and I knew exactly what to do with his character. They thought that I did a great job apparently, and I had a call back right after that, and then I got it! It was a very easy audition process, which I know wasn’t the case for a lot of the cast because these are such huge roles. Especially the girls– they went through lots of stages and rounds. I got lucky, it was pretty quick for me. 
Well, when the casting people know they found the right person, they know!
[laughs] Oh my gosh, I guess! I just put on that British accent, and it was go time!
I read on your instagram that the cast is your family. What was it like filming with this incredible cast?
I actually knew Dara already before, we had just become friends. So when I found out I was going to be one of her henchmen I was so excited. We all kind of got into a group chat before we went to film, and we were all sending voice notes back and forth to get to know each other. We had already built a really strong friendship online before we even got to Georgia, where we were filming. When we all saw each other for the first time it was sort of like seeing an old friend – it was so wonderful and it really helped create that on-screen chemistry. We also had a lot of rehearsal time before to really get to know each other. I’m not really a dancer per se [laughs] so that was kind of my bonding experience with a lot of them, trying to really get down these dances. It kind of gave us something to bond over. All of us were just so excited to be there and they are the sweetest people ever. The dynamic of the whole cast together is perfect. Everyone fits so perfectly in the group and I love them so much all equally. They are also such great role models for the kids that are going to get to see this movie. I look up to them, so I know a lot of the fans will too. 
Do you have a favourite off-screen memory with the cast? 
Oh my gosh – so so many! There was a moment at VidCon the other day when this little girl that was hard of hearing came to the panel and none of us really realized that she was deaf. All of a sudden Malia just started doing sign language with her and they had a whole conversation – I didn’t even know Malie knew sign language, so seeing her break out into a whole conversation with this little girl was so special and so magical to watch. Malia is like a real-life Disney princess, I couldn’t believe it, and it was such a beautiful moment. So that was a more recent moment that really touched my heart, and I know that it probably touched the heart of that little girl too, I’m sure she felt really seen by Malia. 
On set, there were so many funny and amazing moments, but one that comes to mind is when we would all come together for lunch in the trailers. There was one day where Malia actually broke into Morgan’s trailer and we all went into Morgan’s trailer in our costumes in this tiny trailer to have lunch together. It was so funny to look around at all of us, all of these crazy characters eating lunch together. It was just a funny, surreal moment. Like wow, we are really the cast of Descendants, a Disney movie, eating together. Also, Peter and I formed a really special relationship, that’s my buddy. Every day he would come knock on my trailer and say “you wanna go to crafty?” and I started recording him because I knew he was going to come and do the same thing every day and that was our little ritual in the morning. I have so many special moments with each of them, so it’s really hard to pinpoint every one, but the whole experience was just so magical. 
Getting into your character, your version of Hook reminded me of a young Captain Jack Sparrow a little bit!
That’s so funny! I was actually having a conversation today with someone because there’s been word that they are making a Captain Jack Sparrow prequel series, which is a dream role for me. Disney, I know I was already a pirate once, but I’m ready to do it again! [laughs]
full look. KENZO
opposite
full look. Valentino
Were you inspired by his delivery in the Pirates of the Caribbean films at all? How did you prepare for the role?
I’m sure subliminally maybe, because I’m such a fan of those movies as well. But you know, Captain Hook always has a very specific energy, just growing up with the character there have been so many different iterations of him and they all kind of follow a very similar pattern. But he hasn’t been seen at this age yet, so I sort of just really had a field day playing with his cockiness, and how this character would act as a teenager. Playing a villain is so much more fun than playing a hero [laughs] it’s just so fun. I’ve also always wanted to play a character with a British accent, and I think my British accent is pretty good, so I finally got to put that to use! Once you put on the costume and wear that hook, he possesses you in a way. It’s hard to even think of yourself when you put on that costume, he inhabits me. It all came very naturally. So, I was inspired by a lot of different pirates, but mainly Captain Hook – he is such an icon. 
Honestly, I feel like all Disney villains are icons, just as iconic as their princesses! 
I know! This is such a random little side note, but there was this one time when I first moved to LA when I was at this thrift store and I was climbing on this statue outside because I thought that it was secure, and it came back and hit me in the face, so I have this little scar on my face. After I got the part of Hook, I remembered what the statue was, and it was a statue of Peter Pan! I was literally assaulted by Peter Pan [laughs]. So I would think back to that when I was trying to get into character because I have a history with Peter Pan and I have a reason to hate him because I have a scar on my face from him! The synchronicities of everything are pretty funny. 
The musical numbers in this film are iconic – especially the villain number inside of the black lagoon. How long did it take to film that scene?
The prep period was the entire filming process. For weeks we would have rehearsals, even during filming we were still having rehearsals for these numbers. “Perfect Revenge” was I think the last thing we filmed for the entire movie, and so we really built it up until the very end. It was really in our bones by then. Ashley Wallen choreographed this project, who actually choreographed The Greatest Showman, I was such a big fan of him going into this, and he did such a great job. He is a great teacher as well, which I think is so important, especially for someone who wouldn’t consider themselves a dancer before going into this film. Now I feel very confident in my abilities which is really because of him and the assistant choreographers. There was so much prep. And then finally getting onto the set, it’s a completely different thing. We were doing it in a rehearsal space, so we kind of had to re-choreograph it in a way. We had to re-stage it because the different objects and sea creatures were shaped. It was so much fun. Finally seeing it come to life and seeing all of the pieces come together was so rewarding. It’s incredible what Disney can do with CGI and everything, they really are making magic. 
What about hair and makeup? How long did it take you to transform into Captain Hook every day on set?
For me, it actually wasn’t too long! I did my own hair – the hair and makeup department were very collaborative and it was so nice of them to let me kind of finesse my hair on my own. Then the eyeliner – I knew that Captain Hook had to have eyeliner and they made that happen, and that was really the thing that took the longest. Everything else was pretty easy! Like I didn’t put the hook on until I got to set. I know for the girls who had very extensive hair and makeup, it took them a lot longer, but for me, it was pretty easy! I wouldn’t even be needing to get my hair and makeup done, but I would still hang out in the trailer with everyone which was so cute and fun. I was just there to keep them company.  
I also read that you were a Disney Channel kid – so was I! As a Disney Channel kid myself, I feel like Descendants does a really great job of capturing everything older DCOM fans love about their films. Would you agree? What specifically do you love about Descendants? 
Oh my gosh, well yeah! It’s been a while since I’ve seen a Disney Channel movie that’s made me feel the way that the old Disney Channel Movies made me feel. This movie really captures that essence, and I think that was on purpose. They were really trying to honour the originals while still exploring a new world. It’s a completely different story even though it takes place in the same world. It feels so grand and big or heightened almost. I’m just really excited for people to revisit this world and see a different side of it, because I know that world was so intriguing. I think it’s one of the most rich in lore Disney movies – I can’t think of another Disney movie that has so many different aspects and different facets to play off of. It’s really exciting to get to imagine what these characters and villains are doing. We get to explore a lot of different characters and different plotlines. The messages too – like the message of being yourself and really following your heart is a tale as old as time, but it’s really wonderful the way it’s done in our movie. You’re following Red’s journey in discovering herself and realizing that she doesn’t need to be exactly what her mother wants her to be, and I think that’s an incredible message for everyone, just to be themselves.  
Embrace individuality. 
A million percent, that’s gorgeous. 
full look. Paris Laundry
opposite
full look. Isabel Marant
As a Disney fan, how does it feel to be a part of such a beloved Disney franchise? 
It’s daunting for sure, but I think we’re all very excited to dive into this world again. Being a part of the Disney family is so wonderful and they treat us so, so well. The other day at VidCon we were very close to Disney, so on our breaks, we got to go over to Disneyland and ride the rides all together. Now that the movie is coming out and we’re doing press, I’m really feeling what it really feels like to be in a Disney movie in every aspect of it – the posters all over LA – I literally just got back from seeing my face blown up on a big poster, which is a first for me. I just think they’re so incredible and they really are making magic. Not only are they magic on screen, but they are making magic off screen too by bringing all of these incredible people together and giving us experiences that we are going to remember forever. 
Well, outside of Descendants, do you have a favourite Disney movie? What is it?
My favourite Disney movie is Tangled, I love it so much! Alan Menken, he knows what he’s doing, okay? Nothing gives me chills like that music. That’s my favourite Disney movie. It’s such a perfect movie. I remember seeing it in theaters when I was a kid and I was so blown away. Flynn Rider is a dream role, but I’m sure there are a lot of guys who can kill that. But if Disney is down, I’m here for that as well [laughs].
I love it! I actually have a cat named Flynn Rider! 
Oh my gosh, no way! Wait, what’s your favourite Disney movie?
Oh – I would say my all-time favourite Disney movie is probably The Little Mermaid.. 
I felt that! I definitely felt that from you. 
Yes, I’m a siren girlie. But I will say, Tangled is probably in my top 5! And I’m a huge Inside Out fan. 
Oh my gosh did you see the new one?
Yeah! I went to the premiere.. 
Okay, premiere girlie! Okay! It was so good. 
Yes, I’ve actually seen it three times already [laughs].
As you should! That is a reasonable amount of time to see it. 
What is your favourite emotion out of the new ones?
Out of the new ones, I really love Ennui. He was actually making me really comfortable. Every time Ennui came in I was like “wow you really know what you’re doing.” I felt very safe with Ennui because he always had it figured out. I think Anxiety is also so incredible – I’ve gotten to hang out with Maya Hawke before, so seeing her in that role was so cool. They really just nailed that. 
Going back to the villain conversation– outside of Hook, who is your favourite Disney villain?
Ohhh. Outside of Hook, I love Ursula honestly, she’s a great villain. 
I love her, but I really love Vanessa, Ursula’s human form. 
Oh my god, Vanessa! Vanessa in the live-action was amazing. 
Yes! Jess Alexander crushed that role. 
Crushed!! Crushed! So good. 
At the end of the film, we get a little tease that this isn’t the end of the story. If we’re lucky enough to go back in time again and see more of young Hook, what do you hope for your character?
Oh my gosh, I hope I get a song for myself honestly. I would love a number called “Hooked On You,” you know, a play on words. You know like “What Did I Miss?” from Hamilton? I feel like something along those lines. Something jazzy would be so fun. Also, just exploring more of his story, like maybe a lore on Peter Pan. I’d love for them to explore Neverland too! We’ve seen Wonderland, and now Auradon. Let’s head over to the Descendants’ Neverland, let’s see what that’s like!
Well now that this film is out, what is next for you?
Who knows! I’ve been so preoccupied with this film that I haven’t even thought about what’s next, but I’m ready for whatever comes my way. Maybe it’s theatre, maybe it’s another movie or a series. I am just ready for whatever the universe throws at me. I am also going to be releasing my own music soon! That’s something to look forward to. I’ve been working on my own music and I’m really excited to share it with everyone.
Oh, that’s exciting! What kind of music is it?
It’s kind of like indie sad-boy music. That’s what I like to listen to, so it’s gotta be what I make. 
full look. Valentino
opposite
full look. KENZO
Descendants: The Rise of Red is now streaming on Disney+.
photography. David Urbanke 
fashion. Nicolas Eftaxias @ FPA Artists 
talent. Joshua Colley
grooming. Maria Ortega @ The South James Agency using Saie + Oribe
interview. Rachel Martin
crochet dress. Roberta Einer
ring. Nada Ghazal
opposite
top. Hildur Yeoman
ring. Missoma
Everyone, at some point, craves a sense of escapism in their lives. For many, that’s changing hairstyles, buying a jacket in that colour you swore you’d never wear, or trying a new hobby. Unfortunately, our realities are slightly more mundane – taking the same route on the way home, becoming regulars at the same coffee shops, ritualistic and comfortable.
Emily Barber, however, consistently prods the boundaries of reality, shapeshifting through different personas, periods and realities in both television and theatre. Rather than a split-second decision, Emily’s been riding the wave of acting from a young age, often leading to characters far removed from herself. In the West End, Emily’s been critically acclaimed for her performances in ‘Shakespeare’, ‘Oscar Wilde’ and more recently, ‘Operation Mincemeat’.
And now, playing Alice in Guy Ritchie’s new series, ‘MobLand‘, centring around a war between two powerful families, the Harrigan’s and the Stevenson’s, Alice takes a more dynamic role, getting caught in the crossfire as she integrates into the world of London gangsters.
In conversation with Schön!, Emily Barber takes us behind the scenes of ‘MobLand’, her time in theatre and television, and navigating a diverse range of characters.
Do you remember the moment you first thought, “I want to be an actor”?
I weirdly feel like I’ve never had a moment. I don’t remember doing anything else, it’s kind of been something that I’ve always done. I was really into ballet when I was about three and that got me into joining musical theatre, and then acting classes. It’s just been this trajectory of this is obviously what I was gonna do, even though I have no family or anyone connected to it. But I used to do the summer schools at Key Theatre in Peterborough, where I’m from, every summer. We did Jesus Christ Superstar – it was the first time I’d gotten not narrator number two.
I was cast as Judas, which is a funny theme because I’ve played men quite a lot. Anyway, I remember every summer that those summer schools were the most fun I’d ever had. And I remember my dad being like You were pretty good then. So I think that was maybe him noticing, saying, you’ve actually got something – whatever that is, you’ve got it. And so maybe from there? But, certainly, you find your tribe, and that was when I thought, I could do this for the rest of my life. I would happily do it.
What was your first audition like? Was it a total disaster, or surprisingly smooth?
It probably was a disaster. I was really lucky that I did National Youth Theatre when I was a teenager, and I did a play in The Old Vic Tunnels, which is now the Vaults Theatre. I signed with an agent when I was about eighteen, so I was kind of thrown out into the industry quite young. I do think I finished my first TV audition, they said, “Okay, thank you.” And I was like, “Are you sure you don’t want me to do anything else?”
I was really confused by the idea that it was just a quick in-and-out process. I was like, you don’t want me to do a dance or a song? I’ve got so much I can show you. I was quite clueless but you live and learn. I went to drama school and probably learned how to audition, and then went out into the world and was alright by then. But I think those early auditions, you’re also riddled with nerves, and you do just get used to that, which is a fascinating thing.
Now you’re playing Alice in ‘MobLand’. Tell me a bit about that and the character that you play.
We meet Alice in episode one at a group therapy session where she becomes friends with Jan, who’s played by Joanne Froggatt, who’s married to Harry Da Souza, played by Tom Hardy. They become very fast friends because they’re bonding over their marital problems, among other things. And as their friendship grows, Alice becomes more intertwined in the Harrigan family – the twists and turns of their world. There is a lot to Alice that you don’t see on first meeting, because she has a lot of faces that she shows the world, but certainly as her journey goes through the series, you’ll learn a lot more about her.
dress. Azzi & Osta
opposite
caped gown. Stella McCartney
thumb ring. Tami & Tami @ Wolf & Badger
Like peeling the layers of an onion. Is there anything that you particularly relate to playing Alice?
It’s interesting because the crime world, obviously, is something I don’t have a huge amount of experience in. Alice is really complex and very complicated – there were a lot of things that I didn’t necessarily connect with. She has a huge amount of confidence, and boldness, and humour – a Guy Ritchie wit to her which I’d like to think I connected to.
Weirdly, because I was doing a musical at the same time as filming ‘MobLand’, and I was playing this confident man in ‘Operation Mincemeat’ in the West End. Interestingly, I think those characters slightly merged into each other. I kind of connected with this inner confidence because I was playing two characters that were so confident. I wouldn’t say I naturally am, but, actually, I think it was really useful for me as Emily to play two people who have so much belief in themselves. That was quite fun to live through them.
So you were on stage in ‘Operation Mincemeat’ whilst filming ‘MobLand’ – they’re quite different characters, I’m surprised to hear there was a similarity.
The confidence was probably the only thing. You’re right. There’s one thing doing a play at night and doing filming, but I think a musical is so much bigger in terms of the medium, it’s so much more performative. Luckily, it was not the first time I’ve been on stage, and it wasn’t the first time I’ve filmed, so once you’re in the world that you’re in, you know how to navigate it. There was part of me that I wondered if my acting on stage would become more TV or they would merge, or I forget which medium I’m in, but I don’t think that was the case because also they’re quite clear worlds that I could separate mentally.
Have there been any memorable moments or takeaways from set, especially when sharing the screen with big names like Tom Hardy, Pierce Brosnan, and Helen Mirren?
So many. The whole experience was a little bit ‘pinch me’, but there were so many moments when you’re on set with people like that where you forget, and you’re suddenly faced with Bond and a Dame and, you know, all these people. I had a three-day shoot of a dinner scene that comes in later in the series, which was a unique experience being around a table, partly because my character was invited to dinner at the Harrigan’s. So it’s a formed family, and my character is the outsider coming in. I, as Emily, already felt like an outsider just because I’m entering this world, but also my character was on the back foot.
I had Helen Mirren passing me the potatoes. I had Pierce Brosnan cutting up the ham. Tom Hardy is next to me on his phone. There’s this weird dysfunctional family that I’ve somehow joined, and yet they are incredible heavyweight actors. Certainly, after a while, you realise that whatever level any actors are on, everyone’s the same. Everyone’s just trying to do their best work and worried about remembering their lines. We were getting the scripts as we were going, there was that huge immediacy to learning your lines that you go, they’re all professionals, we’re all in the same boat, we’re all on this adventure together, so that was quite comforting.
Speaking of big names, are there any actors or filmmakers who have significantly inspired you or the roles that you play?
Interesting. I was really lucky that one of my first jobs was in the West End with David Suchet, and he really was a mentor. I think I was 24, just got a lead in the West End and was auditioning for something at Shakespeare’s Globe at the time, and he took me under his wing and gave me Shakespeare lessons in between shows on a Saturday. He’s just an incredible man and actor, but also Shakespeare is his forte, and he helped me get a job at the Globe, and he’s really helped give advice whenever I needed it.
I’ve been lucky because I worked with Penelope Wilton a few years ago, who was useful to talk to about career, longevity and making sure you pick roles that inspire you or challenge you. They’re all actors that I admire who often manage to do all the mediums together.
I think the actors that I am impressed by are the ones that can be on stage, but then also have a comedy aspect of their performance, and also have an incredibly deep dramatic performance. People who manage to just do everything on every medium. So certainly David, Penelope, and then Helen Mirren, I spoke to her about balancing theatre and film, and she was pretty inspirational in that sense.
You’ve played some really diverse characters as well – Monty in ‘Operation Mincemeat’, Imogen in ‘Cymbeline’, Kathleen in ‘Bodies’, Alice in ‘MobLand’. When you get a script, what’s the first thing you look for in a character?
Interestingly, I think often it’s when I can read the script and know exactly what my point is, or something that I know that I can bring to it. Because sometimes you just read so many, and I go, I know what I would do with this, but I don’t know if it’s the most unique or interesting version of that character. But sometimes you just read something and it clicks, and I know exactly what take I would want to do with it. Also, generally something that’s different where you’re like, “Oh, I’ve not explored that.” Or often, I’m drawn to comedic characters, I guess. I’ve done quite a lot of that. I’m saying that, but I’ve done lots of drama as well.
Often, it’s whatever you’ve last done as well – that you are then drawn to the opposite. I just love being thrown all the sides of everything all the time. As soon as anything feels the same as what I’ve done, I feel less creative and fun about it.
It must be interesting to step out of your comfort zone and learn with each new role and new genre.
Yeah, it is interesting. I have probably played some characters that are in the same world, and actually then working out what their differences are and also there are certain niche characters that I know I suit or can feel really comfortable with me. But I guess I came into acting because I could play Judas – I could play whatever. So you want to be able to test yourself always, and particularly, voice has always been a huge thing for me. I love different accents, different physicalities, making sure everything feels different and a new experience, I guess.
top + flares. Hildur Yeoman
shoes. Essen
ring. Missoma
opposite
crochet dress. Roberta Einer
platform heels. Casadei
ring. Nada Ghazal
Looking back at all of these roles that you’ve played, was there a particular one or project, maybe, that felt like a turning point for you as an actor?
Getting to play a lead at the Globe quite quickly out of drama school was a real moment, I guess, because it was the lead in a company, and I’ve never had that experience before. That certainly felt like a real-life moment. It’s funny, I look back at it now, and I’m like, god, what an amazing, mad thing to happen.
And I did ‘The Alienist’, which was a Netflix show, and that was the first time that I was a regular in a TV show, and was able to, kind of, chart an entire journey with a character. That felt like a real moment because it was the first time I really explored TV and got really excited by that world and realising that you can be really challenged in that sense as well.
But I guess that I’ve just had a few little moments along the way. Nothing’s been like, “That was the job that changed my life,” or anything. Everything’s just been a stepping stone in the right direction.
Were there any instances where your time in theatre shaped your television career or vice versa? Maybe a role that changed the way you see acting, or even yourself?
Such a good question, I don’t know. I feel like I’ve been lucky in theatre, doing ‘Cymbeline’ and I did a play called ‘Cost of Living’, at the Hampstead with Adrian Lester. Both of them were emotionally challenging roles that really required me to go into places that I’ve never really been. I’d say that doing them on a stage, interestingly, I find probably easier to access because you get to chart the whole journey, and there’s an adrenaline to it. Sometimes I find, with TV, accessing those areas or parts of myself are slightly harder, but, actually, I think doing them on stage has helped me when I’ve then got more dramatic roles on screen. Just knowing how to navigate that and knowing how to get yourself in the right headspace, I think.
It’s different on stage and on set – do you have a favourite place to be or does it depend on the project?
I think it depends on the project. I certainly feel very at home on stage, probably because that’s where I began. But ‘MobLand’ opened my eyes to how exciting television can be. My character didn’t get to do huge amounts of action, but I had snippets of what that world could be like. I had a running scene – there was police, and these drones creating the feeling of helicopters and whatever. I was just like, “This is incredible, this is a whole world that I am really excited by now.” I think theatre will always be my first love, really.
Is there a moment behind the scenes that still makes you smile when you think about it, either in theatre or TV?
I mean, there always is. When I did ‘The Importance Being Earnest’  in the West End with David Suchet, there was just a day when, I think, when you do Oscar Wilde that many times, it is one of the funniest plays ever written. I truly believe that. Being in that play was one of the funniest experiences.
We would just get the giggles to a point where I was slightly worried I was going to have an accident because trying not to laugh when something is the funniest thing – I don’t know if you’ve watched this program, ‘Last One Laughing’, a new show where comedians aren’t allowed to laugh – most of my funniest memories are ones where you’re not allowed to laugh on stage because you’re in a play and the funniest thing that’s ever happened has happened. I’ve had a lot of plays like that. Sometimes it isn’t even a line. It’s just, like, a face that someone’s pulled or somebody’s forgotten a line or something’s happened.
But also in ‘MobLand’, Helen Mirren gave a monologue to my character about marriage and I will never forget that experience of having someone of her calibre give me the most incredible monologue. Since this character she’s playing is so out of anything we’ve ever seen her doing – she’s so foul-mouthed and goes into some dark places – that was quite a life moment for sure. Sitting opposite Helen Mirren, giving you marriage advice.
Looking ahead, are there any roles or genres you haven’t tackled yet that you want to try?
Interestingly, I’m doing a job in May that’s a fantasy. I have never ever been in that world before. So my answer before of wanting something the polar opposite, this answers my prayers. I’ve got prosthetic ears so that’s a new world to explore. And because of ‘MobLand’, I’m experiencing a bit of what it would be like to be in an action film or, something where it’s just high stakes like driving. I’ve done a lot of dinner scenes or characters that are much more within a domestic environment, whereas I would love to be in a car chase.
You need to manifest a car chase.
Interestingly, I did manifest ‘Operation Mincemeat’. I wrote down that I really want to do a musical. I’ve never manifested in my life, but I was like, “I really want that this year.” And then it happened. So I now fully believe in manifestation but I’ve got to get better at driving first.
caped gown. Stella McCartney
opposite
dress. Azzi & Osta
MobLand is out now.
photography. David Reiss 
fashion. Alexandria Reid 
talent. Emily Barber 
casting. Alabama Blonde 
hair. Michela Olivieri @ Caren Agency using Kérastase 
make up. Jade Bird using Laura Mercier 
creative production. Clara La Rosa
interview. Rhea Lobo
all clothing. Burberry
belt. Anderson’s
boots. Manolo Blahnik
Fresh off an intense five-and-a-half-hour tennis match, Jason Isaacs appears anything but drained; his enthusiasm is evident even over Zoom. Despite being deep into an exhaustive press tour — and likely having fielded every imaginable question — he’s genuinely eager to chat with Schön! about ‘The White Lotus‘. Perhaps it’s the setting — a tennis camp in Spain — that leaves him eager to fill downtime. More likely, it’s because Isaacs himself is a genuine fan. “I’m slightly marvelling that I’m in it. I’m used to being in indie movies that don’t come out – or come out and close quickly,” he laughs.
Season three of Mike White’s acclaimed dark comedy-drama transports viewers to a wellness retreat in Koh Samui, with Isaacs portraying Timothy Ratliff, a wealthy patriarch travelling with his family. Landing a role in such a coveted ensemble required Isaacs to step outside his norm and audition. “Because I don’t normally audition,” he shares, “I was the same bumbling, stuttering, insecure fool that I had been for the first ten years of my career.”
Isaacs is known for his remarkable ability to fully inhabit each character he portrays, seamlessly adopting new accents as needed. In ‘The Death of Stalin’, the Yorkshire accent felt natural from the script itself, while for ‘Harry Potter’, he crafted Lucius Malfoy’s voice to “drip with entitlement and arrogance and scorn.” Yet that performance almost didn’t happen. “I came up with his voice and they weren’t going to let me do it,” Isaacs recalls. “I did the first rehearsal, and [Chris Columbus and David Heyman] went, ‘I don’t know, it’s very, very extreme.’ Daniel [Radcliffe] was standing there, and he went, ‘I think it’s cool.’”
In his forthcoming film ‘The Salt Path‘, a poignant biographical drama adapted from Raynor “Ray” Winn’s memoir, Isaacs plays Moth Winn, a man grappling with homelessness and the devastating effects of corticobasal degeneration, a rare neurological disorder. “It’s a horrible cliché when people say that the landscape is a character in the film, but it’s a huge character in their life,” Isaacs reflects, noting the remarkable improvement in Moth’s condition during long walks. “Every audience member can guess, ‘Is it love? Is it nature?’,” he muses. “I like to believe it’s love.”
Looking ahead, Isaacs is gearing up to begin shooting several independent films, chosen as much for the creative challenge they offer him as for the enjoyment they promise audiences. “I’m not looking to build a career,” he explains. “I’m not looking to be anything that I’m not. I just want to keep having an interesting time at work.”
For now, he’s savouring time with his daughters — “Any time I can be on the same continent, my heart just settles a bit.” — and anticipating how many more hours of tennis he can squeeze in tomorrow.
full look. ZEGNA shirt. Fursac
trousers. Edward Sexton
boots. R.M Williams
bracelets throughout. Jason’s own
watch. TAG Heuer all clothing. Edward Sexton
shoes. Harrys of London
opposite
full look. ZEGNA jumper. Connolly
full look. ZEGNA
shirt. Fursac
trousers. Edward Sexton
boots. R.M Williams
bracelets throughout. Jason’s own
watch. TAG Heuer
all clothing. Edward Sexton
shoes. Harrys of London
opposite
full look. ZEGNA
jumper. Connolly
‘The White Lotus‘ Season 3 is streaming on Now TV. ‘The Salt Path’ is in UK cinemas on 30th May.
Get your print copy of Schön! 48 at Amazon Globally, Amazon Germany, Amazon France, Amazon Italy, Amazon Spain, Amazon Netherlands, Amazon Poland, Amazon Belgium, Amazon Sweden and the UK Schön! store.
Download your favourite cover now at the Schön! store.
photography. Lee Malone 
fashion. Gareth Scourfield @ One Represents 
talent. Jason Isaacs wearing Burberry + Manolo Blahnik
grooming. Nohelia Reyes using Merit Beauty + Maria Nila 
photography assistant. Jake Milsom
fashion assistant. Andrew Burling
words. Amber Louise
Kaytranada’s sold-out show at London’s Alexandra Palace on April 26 was nothing short of a full-bodied experience. From the moment the lights dimmed and the first track dropped, it was clear that the crowd were locked in for a good time. Kicking off with ‘Pressure’ from his latest album ‘Timeless’, Kaytranada immediately set the tone for what was to come.
Between songs, the Canadian producer kept the atmosphere relaxed. There was no ego, just a DJ vibing with the crowd. Spectators became part of Kaytranada’s journey for the night, feeding off his infectious energy. Halfway through, the show shifted gears to some classic remixes. When his take on Beyoncé’s ‘Break My Soul’ and Rihanna’s ‘Kiss It Better’ dropped, the crowd naturally went wild. Familiar pop songs felt fresh in his hands, transformed into a bass-driven tracks that kept everyone moving.
Visually, the production was simple but on point. Strobes flashed in sync with the music, amplifying the energy and adding to the overall atmosphere. It was almost too easy to get lost in the dance. Kaytranada was ever-present behind his setup with a glass of wine propped on a stand of its own, looking as though he was having as much fun as the crowd—maybe even more so.
Kaytranada’s live performances are a testament to his ability to elevate his already incredible studio work. By the time ‘Be Your Girl’ rang through the speakers, the night was at its peak and the energy in the room was contagious, becoming the kind of show where time disappears. By the finale, it felt as if the evening had passed in minutes rather than hours. 
photography. Isha Shah
words. Holly Turton