By 

	Emiliana Betancourt


Dick Clark Productions has named veteran network TV producer Diana Miller as executive VP of talent. 

	Miller will manage talent booking across the company including live events and shows including Golden Globes, American Music Awards, Billboard Music Awards, Academy of Country Music Awards, and Dick Clark’s New Year’s Rockin’ Eve with Ryan Seacrest. Based in Los Angeles, Miller starts her new role as of Jan. 15. She reports to Dick Clark Productions CEO Jay Penske.





	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					Nintendo Switch 2 Won’t Be Superior Successor — But It Still Matters		
			














	
		
					'House of the Dragon' Season 3 Casts Barry Sloane, Tom Cullen, Joplin Sibtain		
			








	“Diana’s exceptional background, deep relationships and passion for entertainment make her an ideal fit for our team,” Penske said. “Her innovative and outside of the box approach will be key as we continue to expand and enhance our programming and global reach.”

	










			Popular on Variety		






	Miller is a six-time Emmy Award-winning producer and two-time Billboard Women in Music Award winner. She has over 20 years of experience in this role having worked across multiple networks including CBS, NBC, Apple TV, and TBS collaborating with such notables as Jay-Z, Ariana Grande, Paul McCartney and Michelle Obama. She was Supervising Producer of the “The Late Late Show with James Corden” for eight years, continuing to produce the Apple TV spinoff “Carpool Karaoke: The Series” for seven years. She was also a Senior Talent Executive at “Last Call with Carson Daly” for seven years and she worked on the NBC New Years Eve Special. She is currently a Senior Supervising producer at “The Talk.”

	“I’m thrilled to join DCP, a company I’ve long admired for its rich history and slate of incredible shows”, said Miller. “I’m also excited to be part of DCP’s bright future and vision with Jay at the helm and look forward to shaping compelling, unique and memorable opportunities for talent for years to come.” 
The Business of Entertainment