e-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
Sign up for email newsletters
e-Edition

			Trending:		
Which celebs are supporting Kamala Harris and Donald Trump?
With the 2024 U.S. presidential election just hours away, both candidates are flaunting their rosters of celebrity endorsements ahead of the polls.
While some stars intentionally stay out of the political mix, several have publicly taken a stand, announcing their pick for the 47th president of the United States.
Here’s which of your favorite celebs are supporting Harris and Trump.
Known for her longtime support of democratic candidates, Beyoncé officially endorsed Harris during her rally in Houston on October 28.
She spoke at the event, along with Kelly Rowland, encouraging others to support the vice president and explaining the reasons for her choice.
“We are at the precipice of an incredible shift, at the brink of history. I’m not here as a celebrity, I’m not here as a politician, I’m here as a mother who cares deeply about the world my children and all of our children live,” the “Renaissance” singer said. “A world where we have freedom to control our bodies, a world where we are not divided—our past, our present, our future meet us here.”
Ahead of the rally, the singer authorized the Harris campaign’s use of her 2016 song “Freedom” at rallys and in campaign ads.
Oprah Winfrey endorsed Harris at the DNC, where she gave a speech.
“Soon, and very soon, we’re going to be teaching our daughters and sons about how this child of an Indian mother and a Jamaican father — two idealistic, energetic immigrants — how this child grew up to become the 47th president of the United States.”
The night of the presidential debate between Harris and Trump on September 10, Taylor Swift endorsed the vice president on Instagram.
“I will be casting my vote for Kamala Harris and Tim Walz in the 2024 Presidential Election. I’m voting for @kamalaharris because she fights for the rights and causes I believe need a warrior to champion them. I think she is a steady-handed, gifted leader and I believe we can accomplish so much more in this country if we are led by calm and not chaos,” Swift wrote in the post. “I was so heartened and impressed by her selection of running mate @timwalz, who has been standing up for LGBTQ+ rights, IVF, and a woman’s right to her own body for decades. I’ve done my research, and I’ve made my choice…. With love and hope, Taylor Swift, Childless Cat Lady.”
In a lengthy Instagram video, Sally Field shared the traumatic abortion story she previously wrote about in her 2018 memoir, “In Pieces,” and spoke on the importance of reproductive rights in the 2024 election.
“I feel that so many women of my generation went through similar, traumatic events and I feel stronger when I think of them,” she captioned the post. “I believe, like me, they must want to fight for their grandchildren and all the young women of this country. It’s one of the reasons why so many of us are supporting Kamala Harris and Tim Walz.”
The “Love Don’t Cost a Thing” singer made her support public on October 27 after a speaker from Trump’s Madison Square Garden rally made a racist joke about Puerto Rico.
Jenny from the block, who is of Puerto Rican heritage, slammed the joke in her speech at Harris’ October 31 rally. “At Madison Square Garden, he reminded us who he really is and how he really feels,” Lopez said of Trump. “It wasn’t just Puerto Ricans who were offended that day, OK? It was every Latino in this country. It was humanity and anyone of decent character.”
Bruce Springsteen made his endorsement announcement on October 3 in a video in a diner. The “Born in the U.S.A.” singer slammed Trump while calling this election “one of the most consequential elections in our nation’s history.”
Springsteen also said Trump is “the most dangerous candidate for president in my lifetime.”
The “thank u, next” singer endorsed the Harris campaign in an Instagram story after voting early. Grande posted a selfie overlayed with the words “I Voted Early In Florida,” “Send It” and “Your Vote Matters” while tagging Kamala Harris on the post. Beyoncé’s “Freedom” played in the background of the post.
The “Les Miserables” actress endorsed Harris on October 24 during a “Broadway for Harris” fundraiser.
“Hi, I’m Annie, and I’m a mom. Also, in case you didn’t know, I am voting for Kamala,” Hathaway announced. “We’ve got a big choice to make, America,” she continued. “You do have to make a choice. You do have to vote.”
In an interview with People about her women’s rights documentaries, Lawrence said, “She’s an amazing candidate.”
The “Hunger Games” star added, “Abortion is literally on the ballot.”
Kimmel endorsed the Harris and says he’s not “mentally prepared” for the thought of the possibility of her losing the election. “I was telling my wife, I don’t feel like I’m mentally prepared for the possibility of a loss. I’m not ready. I have to get there where I’m ready for either scenario.”
Cardi B, who originally said she would not vote for either Trump or Biden before the president suspended his campaign, is now endorsing Kamala Harris.
“I do not take lightly the call to show up, the call to speak up, the call to deliver a message that’s been on my heart a hot minute now,” she said during a Harris campaign rally in Milwaukee. “I wasn’t going to vote this year. I wasn’t. But Kamala Harris joining the race, she changed my mind completely.”
Other celebrity endorsements for Harris include Harrison Ford, former Republican California governor Arnold Schwarzenegger and rapper Eminem.
Hulk Hogan endorsed Trump on July 18 during his speech at the RNC.
“When they took a shot at my hero and they tried to kill the next president of the United States, enough was enough. And I said, let Trump-a-mania run wild, brother. Let Trump-a-mania rule again. Let Trump-a-mania make America great again…. As an entertainer, I tried to stay out of politics, but after everything that’s happened to our country over the past four years and everything that happened last weekend, I can no longer stay silent.”
Amber Rose took the stage at the RNC to announce her support for Trump. During her speech, she explained her reasons for making the switch from Democrat to Republican.
“I’m no politician and I don’t want to be, but I do care about the truth, and the truth is that the media has lied to us about Donald Trump. I know this because, for a long time, I believed those lies…. I believed the left-wing propaganda that Donald Trump was a racist…. I realized Donald Trump and his supporters don’t care if you’re Black, white, gay, or straight. It’s all love. And that’s when it hit me: These are my people. This is where I belong.”
Elon Musk made his announcement for support of Trump on his social media platform, X. “I fully endorse President Trump and hope for his rapid recovery,” Musk posted paired with a photo of the former president with his fist up after being shot at.
He later joined Trump as some of his rallies, including the event at MSG.
The controversial singer announced her support for Trump in an interview with “Evening Standard.”
“He’s just f–king funnyyy. He’s been through how many bankruptcies? How many wives? How many television shows? Seriously, nothing can take him down.”
Caitlyn Jenner announced who she’s already cast her vote for in the 2024 election in a post on Sunday via X.
‘I voted. Even in ‘blue’ California,’ she wrote. ‘CA has far more Trump supporters than you’d imagine! No matter how blue you think your state is – VOTE!,” she posted paired with a photo of her ballot showing her selection for the former president.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group