Her glam also leaned into the old Hollywood feel
Last night at the 2024 Academy Museum Gala, it seemed the theme of the evening was vintage glamour. Stars including Kim Kardashian, Ariana Grande, and Kendall Jenner all embodied retro aesthetics in looks straight from the archives (or at least, heavily inspired by them). Even minimalist Kaia Gerber reached back in time for her ensemble, and what she pulled out may have been the best throwback gown of the night. 
The model and actor graced the red carpet in a dress from Alexander McQueen’s fall 1997 haute couture collection for Givenchy, which referenced Audrey Hepburn’s white embassy ball dress in My Fair Lady with its own high-fashion version. McQueen also created a black iteration of the regal gown, as seen on Gerber nearly three decades after its debut. 
Her look leaned into its cinematic roots with ornate details. Black beaded fringe decorated each of the garment’s cap sleeves, extending to create a delicate Peter Pan collar around its rounded neckline. Meanwhile, rows of intricate floral beading streamed down over a sheer layer of black fabric, before coming to a dramatic finish at the bottom of the gown’s skirt, where the black beading repeated a lace-like pattern. 
Gerber infused her beauty look with the same gothic feel, opting for a curled half-up, half-down ‘do that might as well have been straight out of Edwardian England. Smokey brown eyeshadow and sculpted cheeks added to her vintage aesthetic, while she accessorized with a smattering of diamond jewelry. Dangling earrings, a sole silver ring, and a simple choker acted as the final touches on her embellished look. 
Hailey's Miami Outfits All Had This in Common
Bella Hadid Poses in Poolside Lingerie and Curlers
Prince Harry Says He May Not Return to the U.K. 
George Clooney Played Softball In Central Park
Hunter Schafer Gives the Tracksuit a Playful Twist
Blake Lively Wears a “Wedding Gown” on Late Night 
Bella Hadid Glows in a Bubblegum-Pink Set
J.Lo’s Dress Shimmers Like a Starry Night Sky
Hailey Bieber’s Party Dress Is Made of Watches
Princess Charlotte's Birthday Portrait, by Kate
Kendall Jenner’s Halter Plunges to New Depths
Florence Pugh Steps Out in Five Different Looks
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.