Today's Digital Daily	
			



	
			Today's Digital Daily	
			

The film hits theaters Nov. 22.
Senior Digital News Writer

Ariana Grande and Cynthia Erivo continued their method dressing streak while promoting their forthcoming film “Wicked” on Tuesday. The film’s two leading ladies attended the photo call for “Wicked” in Sydney, alongside their fellow cast members.

	For the occasion, Grande and Erivo channeled their respective characters from “Wicked.” Grande went full Glinda for her look, styling a custom two-piece ensemble by Bode. The look included a strapless top in soft, off-white with three light pink bows embroidered on the fabric, coordinating with Grande’s high-waisted, full skirt.

	The ornate skirt featured pleating and ruching at the waist. Grande paired the look with shoes by Manolo Blahnik and wore jewelry pieces courtesy of Swarovski — the “Positions” singer serves as the star for the jewelry company’s holiday campaign. Grande’s hair was pulled back into a tight chignon by Gabor Kerekes with makeup by Michael Anthony. Her look was curated by stylist Mimi Cuttrell.

	










			You May Also Like		






	Erivo chose a Marc Jacobs design from the label’s fall 2011 ready-to-wear collection, featuring an emerald and black blouse with ornate embroidery, a rounded neckline and long sleeves.

	The blouse was paired with a black pencil skirt featuring a similar design, completed with a black and white fascinator. Erivo’s look included dramatic platform black heels with several buckles, inspired by her witchy role.

	Erivo accessorized with Mèrenor jewelry by Amie Satchu. Her glam was crafted by Joanna Simkin, and the Tony Award-winning actress’ look was curated by stylist Jason Bolden.

	“Wicked” is the film adaptation of the 2003 musical. It chronicles the origins of Glinda the Good Witch and the Wicked Witch of the West from “The Wizard of Oz.” The film also stars Jeff Goldblum, Jonathan Bailey and Oscar-winner Michelle Yeoh. The film has also inspired a host of limited-edition “Wicked” product collections. “Wicked” hits theaters Nov. 22.
Sign up for WWD news straight to your inbox every day
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
WWD and Women's Wear Daily are part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All Rights Reserved.