e-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
Sign up for email newsletters
e-Edition
After a few days in Florida (via San Francisco) last week visiting my dad, I jumped right back into the Chico fray at Tuesday’s City Council meeting. It was like diving into Sycamore Pool on New Year’s Day: wet, crowded and bracing.
Amid rainy weather, Chicoans came out and filled all seats in the chambers. Most left after the marquee item, Orchard Creek Estates, which councilors approved during a 90-minute hearing that stayed on track despite the potential for contentiousness. That came later.
A harbinger of the late-meeting tension came before any in the audience arrived. At the start of closed session, City Clerk Debbie Presson took roll as usual. The response from Sean Morgan was unique: “Reluctantly here.” That prompted the reply from Tom van Overbeek, “Happy to be here” — enthusiasm likely tied to tenure, as he’s not even halfway through his first term and Morgan is wrapping up his third and final.
After supporting Orchard Creek Estates (part of the district he represents once annexed) and a citywide program for water conservation, Morgan voted against each subsequent item. He grew particularly frustrated during the last: Mayor Andrew Coolidge’s request to add monthly reports from councilors. Morgan cast the lone “no” while walking off the dais toward the conference room where councilors would reconvene to conclude closed session.
I understand his frustration. In the “Councilmember Requests” portion of the agenda, councilors simply decide whether to call for a future discussion — yet, often, they dive into details that essentially start the discussion they haven’t agreed to undertake. He’s a former mayor and a stickler for procedure. He sees “talking about talking” as an inefficient use of time.
Members of this council indeed like to talk. That’s his substantive reason for opposing this particular change, which he anticipates will turn into a political platform for councilors to self-aggrandize.
To which I’ll paraphrase a colleague’s retort by way of an Ariana Grande song: “Yes … and?”
Addison Winslow, elected at the same time as van Overbeek but a minority of one in council politics, seconded Coolidge’s motion and stands to be one of the biggest beneficiaries should it ultimately come to pass. (Again, this was just a vote to discuss.)
Quick disclaimer: Coolidge gave me credit for the idea, which crystallized during one of our post-meeting calls. I proposed it in a recent column headlined “Reverse Uno comment card” as a councilor comment period — “say, once a month for each to report on what they deem most important: committee report, an update on their district, an issue on their mind. Allot three minutes apiece, the limit for citizens”; that’s also the policy for councilmembers, too, though for them it’s a guideline.
Morgan’s concern may well bear out. Councilors could feel compelled to hype their accomplishments if that’s how others use their three minutes. Dubious, or inefficient, use of meeting time? Potentially.
I anticipate greater efficiency. As I noted last month, the agenda that gives attendees a chance to address any matter within the city’s jurisdiction doesn’t afford the same to councilors. So, their concerns leak into other discussions, which then may detour into debates about relevance — i.e., talking about talking.
Councilmember reports, common in other cities, provide a direct avenue to communicate with constituents. Coolidge noted that not everyone follows councilors on social media or checks council coverage in local media. (Thanks for reading!) Not everyone watches meetings, either, but perhaps this might prove a draw?
Winslow explained he’d welcome the chance to talk about his district and hear from others about theirs, as well as committees on which they serve. Vice Mayor Kasey Reynolds, for instance, represents the city on the Butte County Association of Governments (BCAG) and the Vina Groundwater Sustainability Agency; Winslow sees value in reports on these boards and others.
Preliminarily, all councilors but Morgan see a concept worth exploring. The devil is always in the details, and there are no guarantees. In the part of the discussion that irked Morgan, Presson and City Manager Mark Sorensen noted the council added — then soon discontinued — committee reports in 2012. The scope here is wider. Stay tuned …
Evan Tuchinsky is weekend editor of the Enterprise-Record. You can reach him at etuchinsky@chicoer.com.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group