Lopez co-wrote and stars in the film, which will premiere the same day as her new album of the same name.
Maureen Lee Lenker is a senior writer at Entertainment Weekly with over seven years of experience in the entertainment industry. An award-winning journalist, she's written for Turner Classic Movies, Ms. Magazine, The Hollywood Reporter, and more. She's worked at EW for six years covering film, TV, theater, music, and books. The author of EW's quarterly romance review column, "Hot Stuff," Maureen holds Master's degrees from both the University of Southern California and the University of Oxford. Her debut novel, It Happened One Fight, is now available. Follow her for all things related to classic Hollywood, musicals, the romance genre, and Bruce Springsteen.
 Jennifer Lopez might still be Jenny from the block, but she's also the star of her own story.

 On Wednesday, the full-length trailer for This Is Me...Now, a new narrative film starring Lopez as what appears to be a version of herself dropped. The trailer, which notes the movie is from the "heart, soul, and dreams" of Lopez, showcases the multi-hyphenate romancing multiple beaus, enduring loss, and potentially going to sex addiction therapy?

 In the trailer, Lopez's friends confront her about potentially being a sex addict, which she reacts to as a patently absurd notion. But later in the footage, we see her opening up at a group therapy meeting that imitates the style of a Sex Addicts Anonymous meeting.

Jennifer Lopez/ Youtube
 "I learned the hard way — not all love stories have a happy ending," Lopez says. "Whenever someone asked me what I wanted to be when I grow up, the answer was always in love." It's a quote that could just as accurately describe her string of four marriages (as well as additional relationships and engagements), as it does whatever is happening in this film.

 Lopez co-wrote the project with Matt Walton, and it appears to be a meta-reimagining of her own life, particularly her love life.  "This is her own story in her own words," the trailer touts.

 Prime Video describes the project as, "a narrative-driven cinematic odyssey, steeped in mythological storytelling and personal healing. This genre-bending Amazon original showcases her journey to love through her own eyes. With fantastical costumes, breathtaking choreography, and star-studded cameos, this panorama is an introspective retrospective of Jennifer’s resilient heart. "

 The film will debut the same day as Lopez's first studio album in a decade, also titled This Is Me...Now. Scenes in the trailer seem to suggest a musical component to the storytelling, which we can only surmise will feature tracks off Lopez's new album.

 The trailer also highlights members of the star-studded cast, which includes Fat Joe, Trevor Noah, Kim Petras, Post Malone, Keke Palmer, Sofia Vergara, Jenifer Lewis, Jay Shetty, Neil deGrasse Tyson, Sadhguru, Derek Hough and Ben Affleck.

 Dave Meyers (“No Tears Left to Cry” by Ariana Grande, “Adore You” by Harry Styles) directs the project.

 The first single off the album, "Can't Get Enough" dropped Jan. 10 along with a music video, which also features Hough.

 Audiences can unpack Lopez's latest on Feb. 16 on Prime Video. Watch the trailer above for more.

 Want more movie news? Sign up for Entertainment Weekly's free newsletter to get the latest trailers, celebrity interviews, film reviews, and more.

 Related content:

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)