By EMILY LEFROY FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  20:34, 18 June 2024   |  Updated:  21:18, 18 June 2024   
 157
View  comments
Ariana Grande has left fans baffled after a clip of her voice changing dramatically went viral.
The 30-year-old singer and actress recently appeared on Podcrushed with Penn Badgley, opening about her childhood and her experiences on Nickelodeon.
In one clip from the June 15 episode, which has since taken the internet by storm, listeners were stunned to hear her voice jump an octave higher during her chat. 
The Wicked star was talking about her growth as a singer and her songwriting journey while speaking about her album, Eternal Sunshine, when it happened.
'I went to the studio the day after the Met and I stayed for like 10 days and I was literally living there and I felt like I woke up today and I felt like Austin Powers being unfrozen,' Ariana laughed, with Penn and his co-hosts, Nava Kavelin and Sophie Ansari, chuckling along. 
The 30-year-old singer and actress appeared on Podcrushed with Penn Badgley, where she talked about growing up and her experiences on Nickelodeon
The Wicked star was talking about her growth as a singer and her songwriting journey while speaking about her album, Eternal Sunshine, when she shifted to a tone higher
'That's how I felt,' she continued. 'I was like "what happened."'
'But yeah I,' she says, as her voice then gets dramatically higher and breathier, as she composes herself and continues. 
'I would like to do a deluxe [album] at some point,' she says.
And fans couldn't believe the shift, taking to social media to express their concern - and disbelief. 
'As a singer, she might be trying to talk in a less damaging part of her voice,' one user speculated. 
'Speaking higher like that without the vocal fry she had at the beginning is better for your voice, especially when your voice is fatigued.'
Another questioned: 'Ariana Grande is mad scary bc (because) why did she do a voice change like it was nothing in the middle of that interview?'
'People must be delusional cuz it's clear her [Glinda] voice is keeping her in the high register,' someone else commented. 
They continued: 'She even explained in the interview how she was operatically trained for months. She had to speak this way for over a year, that's hard to just drop. Remember Austin Butler?' 
Ariana responded to the comments, saying she has 'always' changed her voice, depending on how much singing she is doing at that moment. 
Ariana and Penn pictured on the set of her new music video, The Boy Is Mine
Many people theorized her change in voice may be because she is still using the voice she used while playing Glinda in Wicked. Pictured with costar Cynthia Erivo as Elphaba
Ariana responded to the comments about her change in voice, saying she has always changed tones
'Habit (speaking like this for two years) and also vocal health. I intentionally change my vocal placement (high/low) often depending on how much singing I'm doing,' she commented on a TikTok clip of the voice change.
'I've always done this BYE.'
It's not the first time Ariana has been criticized over her voice.
In March, the singer raised eyebrows when she presented two categories at the 96th annual Academy Awards with her Wicked costar, Cynthia Erivo.
When the blonde beauty spoke she did so with a very soft lilt as she could barely be heard.
'That is NOT how she usually sounds!' one fan said on Instagram as another added, 'Is that Ariana? What happened to her voice?'
Some thought she was using her Glinda the Good Witch voice from her movie Wicked guessing she was not out of character yet.
One wrote: 'Someone needs to make Ariana Grande stop speaking in her Glinda voice. It's too soon for another Austin Butler situation.'
A second posted: 'Wtf happened to Ariana Grande??? I really thought everyone was exaggerating about her constantly changing personas. THE VOICE OMG THAT IS NOT ARIANA GRANDE.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group