Ariana Grande fans are baffled over her hand tattoo.
The actress, who stars as Glinda the Good Witch in the 2024 film, paid tribute to her role in the film with a tattoo of the witch on her right hand, but some fans were initially confused as to what the inking was supposed to be. Grande's hand tattoo is based off an illustration of the Wicked character, complete with a long billowing dress, curly hair and a tiara.
However, some fans thought Ari's ink was hard to decipher from far away and many people flocked to social media to discuss the tribute. Someone posted her hand on Reddit and wrote: "It's an illustration from the novel."
READ MORE: Katie Price 'warned' by panto bosses for 'breaking rules' after just one day
READ MORE: Click for more brilliant Daily Star showbiz stories
Another person chimed in: "That’s very pretty but her placement is awful [...] I mean the placement could have just been better."
"Ohhh is that it?! I thought it was wings not a chair," said one fan, who was confused by the image's background. "Omgggg I didn’t expect it to be so big lol. That’s gigantic," typed another.
One Ari fan explained: "This would’ve been cute if it was more legible. I wouldn’t have been sure what was going on if it wasn’t labeled a Glinda tattoo."
Others joined the conversation to defend Ariana's tattoo as someone branded it "cool". Elsewhere in Wicked news, a Strictly Come Dancing star has recently revealed that they appeared in the blockbuster.
Dancer Karen Hauer looked unrecognisable during her short stint in the Hollywood film alongside Ariana Grande and Cynthia Erivo. Karen recently took to her Instagram to post some stunning behind the scenes snaps from her time on set.
Fans couldn't stop gushing over the BBC dancer as one gushed: "Wow this is amazing" and another added: “Omg this is AMAZING!" A third dazzled fan also said: “You look gorg”.
The Daily Star is now on WhatsApp and we want you to join us!
Through the app, we'll send you the sassiest showbiz stories, some naught headline and a seismic smattering of aliens...along with the latest breaking news of course.
To join our community, all you have to do to join is click on this link, select 'Join Chat' and you're in!
No one will be able to see who has sign up and no one can send messages except for the Daily Star team. We also treat our community members to competitions, special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners.
If you don’t like our community, you can check out any time you like. To leave our community click on the name at the top of your screen and choose Exit group. If you’re curious, you can read our Privacy Notice.
CLICK HERE TO JOIN
Have you joined Threads? Follow Daily Star to keep up to date on all things showbiz here
Want all the biggest Showbiz and TV news straight to your inbox? Sign up for our free Daily Star Showbiz newsletter
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.