We automatically went into a frenzy trying to get this shotgun.
There's a lot to contend with in Fortnite Chapter 5 Season 3: Wrecked, but finding where Oscar is and getting his Frenzy Auto Shotgun can help make things that little bit easier.
It can be hard to wrap your head around what's new in the Fortnite map, but we have Oscar's location pinpointed so you can get the (literal) drop on them. Check it out in the video above, or keep reading for a written-out version.
Also new in the update are a whole host of outfits including some from Fallout as part of the Battle Pass, with a Magneto skin set to unlock later on in the season.
But Oscar is out there waiting to test your mettle, so let's get to it!
Oscar is found in the villa at the Classy Courts in the top right-hand part of the map.
You can see exactly where in the screenshot above, or the video at the top of this article, if you prefer watching gameplay in motion when you're trying to work things out.
There may be a few players dropping in this location to get their hands on the Auto Frenzy Shotgun, so be sure to land and gear up as soon as possible.
There are usually some good drops in the villa itself. We landed on the balcony and quickly found a powerful sniper.
Alternatively, you could drop somewhere totally different and make your way to the villa later. But if you do that, another player might get to Oscar first.
Oscar won't attack you on sight, so you are safe to enter the house, so long as any other players aren't also trying to do the same thing.
You need to approach Oscar, interact with him by pressing the Action button, and challenge him to a duel to initiate combat. Once Oscar is defeated, you will receive his Auto Frenzy Shotgun.
After you initiate the duel, there will be a huge force of energy that will blow out the walls and push you away, creating some distance between you and Oscar.
You're going to want that distance because that Frenzy Auto Shotgun packs a mean punch, so we would recommend getting a ranged weapon like a sniper and landing as many headshots as you can.
Oscar will also throw grenades, so retreating to the tree-line for cover is a good idea too.
Once Oscar is defeated, the shotgun is all yours! Just remember to actually go and pick it up from wherever he dropped it.
This is actually the only way to get the shotgun in the game now as it was vaulted after being introduced in Chapter Five Season One.
Sign up for our gaming newsletter to receive the latest insights, reviews and expert recommendations
By entering your details you are agreeing to our terms and conditions and privacy policy. You can unsubscribe at any time.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
If you're working through the Quests tab in Fortnite right now, check out our guides on how to accept a Wastelander challenge and how to Open your Collections to view your Accolades.
We've also got some great Fortnite map codes to recommend below if you fancy taking a break from battle royale at any point.
With rumours that Lethal Company and Ariana Grande could be the next collabs in the game, we'll be sure to keep you updated with all the latest Fortnite intel.
Discover more with Fortnite creative map codes: Fortnite XP maps | Fortnite horror maps | Fortnite action-adventure maps | Fortnite hide and seek maps | Fortnite Zone Wars maps | Fortnite fighting maps | Fortnite parkour maps | best Fortnite creative maps | Fortnite Squid Game map codes | Fortnite Monopoly code | Fortnite I'm A Celebrity Get Me Out Of Here code | Fortnite Doctor Who map code
Check out more of our Gaming coverage or visit our TV Guide and Streaming Guide to find out what's on. For more from the biggest stars in TV, listen to The Radio Times Podcast.
Cole Luke is a freelance journalist and video producer who contributes to RadioTimes.com's Gaming section. He also has bylines for Digital Foundry, PC Gamer, Network N and more.
Sign up to receive our newsletter!
By entering your details, you are agreeing to site title privacy policy. You can unsubscribe at any time.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Subscribe to Radio Times magazine and get £10 issues for £10!
Releasing equity from your home could help give you the retirement you've been dreaming of?
Need inspiration of where to go next? Escorted tour, river cruise, yacht cruise, short break. Request a free brochure and start your journey. Now taking bookings for 2025, 2026 and 2027!