The reported salaries of "Wicked" movie's cast members have made waves across various social media platforms.
Fans were left stunned by the leaked information, particularly the stark contrast in earnings between the main actresses, Ariana Grande and Cynthia Erivo.
Numerous social media users are engaging in discussions and expressing their opinions about the earnings and per the Daily Mail, Erivo, who is the lead actress, is allegedly receiving $1 million.
In contrast, the supporting actress, Grande, is said to be earning more than ten times that amount. The pop star is reportedly set to receive a staggering $15 million for her role in the film adaptation of the hit musical.
ouuu yall see this? Cynthia’s (LEAD) salary $1 mil & Ari (supporting)$15 mil. not a film about racial disparity and colorism reflected in the pay. wicked! pic.twitter.com/h8rZtW7opX
Additionally, it has been disclosed that Michelle Yeoh and Jeff Goldblum, portraying Madame Morrible and the Wizard, will each be taking home $2 million for their roles.
Meanwhile, Jonathan Bailey, recognized for his portrayal of Prince Fiyero, is said to be making slightly less than half a million dollars. Rumors suggest his salary amounts to $450,000, whereas Ethan Slater, who takes on the role of Boq and crossed paths with his current girlfriend Grande during the film production, is reportedly going to earn $350,000.
Fans could not help but react violently to the rumor.
“Ariana got paid 15M while Cynthia only got paid 1M”…. Do you guys think a supporting actor is being paid more than the lead roles? 😭
I know we don’t like Cynthia but her getting paid 1 million while Ariana got 15 million for that movie is exactly what Taraji was talking about last year. but yall wanted to turn it into beef with Oprah 🙄
Finding out that Cynthia only got paid 1 mil while Ariana got paid 15 mil is wild
So to clear this up, Ariana allegedly split her 15 million with Cynthia so Cynthia would get more than her 2 million pay. Additionally, Jon is notorious for rewarding his actors/actresses if a film does well. So they might both receive extra pay depending on how big wicked goes
ok yea ariana got paid a lot. she should have. BUT 1M for cynthia??? she should’ve gotten at least 5! https://t.co/9Ah2H3S2w5
Okay. To play Devil's Advocate about Ariana being paid more than Cynthia for Wicked:We don't know what Cynthia's backend looks like. If Cynthia took a smaller payout upfront and gets larger residuals or even merchandising on the backend? She stands to make way more than Ari. pic.twitter.com/VwvKPhrSgy
ariana getting $10M makes sense. she’s ariana and will have a pull on the box office tickets especially with this being her first movie role. but cynthia getting only $1M…..is CRAZY work especially when they’ve been marketing her and solely her this whole campaign
Yes? I mean granted Ariana is the biggest star of the entire cast & Kudos to her $15mil, Cynthia deserved atleast $5-10 million & not $1 million when supporting actors were paid $2mil. Cynthia also has a Tony, Grammy and Emmy. She's accomplished. She deserved more pay! https://t.co/UtD1o3o10F
So Ariana is getting paid $15 mil while Cynthia gets $1 mil and she was the main character?! It’s not making sense. pic.twitter.com/KtSk98Fukn
Classicalite could not independently verify the rumored salaries.