Ariana Grande attends Billboard’s 13th Annual Women In Music Event at Pier 36 on December 6, 2018 in New York City. 
Attention Arianators: Ariana Grande just dropped two major details about her fast-approaching new album. After the powerhouse singer announced her lead single is dropping everywhere this Friday, January 12, and be titled “Yes, And?,” the 30-year-old pop star confirmed that the lead single wouldn't share the same name with her upcoming seventh album, as some fans had speculated. She also clarified that the photo she paired with the song announcement – a blurry image of the left side of her face and red lips – will indeed serve as one of the album's multiple covers, something many artists now do.

A post shared by

“p.s. i couldn’t wait any longer to tell you that although this is not the album title, it is indeed the album cover (well…….one of them!),” the vocalist wrote on her Instagram Story Monday (January 8), resharing her post from the day prior announcing the single. “Yes, And?” follows weeks of Grande teasing her musical comeback on social media, where she’s been sharing photos and muted clips of her time in the studio putting the project together. Last week, she sported a custom “Yes, And?” sweatshirt in public, leading fans to wonder whether it was the title of a new song or album.
The Grammy winner’s last album was 2020’s Positions, which featured tracks like “34+35,” “pov,” and “positions.” She has been featured on songs for Demi Lovato ("Met Him Last Night") and The Weekend ("Save Your Tears") in 2021. She collaborated with The Weeknd again in 2023 for a remix of his song, “Die For You.” Kelly Clarkson and Grande collaborated on an original holiday song in 2022 called “Santa, Can’t You Hear Me.” In celebration of the tenth anniversary of her debut album Yours Truly, Grande released a re-recording in August.
A couple of days before the new year, she reflected on the time she spent away from music in 2023. “I’ve never felt more at the mercy of and in acceptance of what life was screaming to teach me,” she wrote in a long message on her Instagram Story. “I have never felt more pride or joy or love while simultaneously feeling so deeply misunderstood by people who don’t know me, who piece whispers together and make what they want out of me and their assumptions of my life.”
Ariana Grande is perhaps the quintessential pop star of the last half of the 2010s. With her four-octave vocal range, it is no wonder that Grande has received numerous accolades throughout her career as a pop icon. Grande began her music career at age 15 in the 2008 Broadway musical 13. She rose to fame for playing Cat Valentine in the Nickelodeon series Victorious from 2010 to 2013. In 2011, Grande signed with Republic Records after label executives saw YouTube videos of her covering songs by Mariah Carey and Whitney Houston.
With seven studio albums under her belt, Grande is one of the world's best-selling music artists. She has sold over 90 million records globally, and all of her studio albums have been certified platinum or higher. The Florida native is also the most streamed female artist of all time. Besides music, Grande has worked with many charitable organizations and advocates for animal rights, mental health, and gender, racial, and LGBT equality. She also has a successful cosmetics company, R.E.M. Beauty, which she launched in 2021. Tapping into the perfume industry, Grande has released 13 fragrances and is the most-searched celebrity fragrance.
<em>(Photo by Marleen Moise/Getty Images)</em>
Ariana will play Glinda in the upcoming film adaptation of Wicked, which will hit theaters on November 27, 2024. Over ten years in the making, Grande was signed on in 2021 along with Cynthia Erivo, who will be playing Elphaba, the Wicked Witch of the West. The second installment of Wicked will premiere one year later on November 25, 2025. In 2023, fans asked why Ariana isn't a singer anymore. In response, she sang a beautiful rendition of "Over the Rainbow" on TikTok. She told fans she "wanted to sing you a little something but don’t want to sing anything that is not ‘Ozian’ at the moment [smiley face emoji] keeping to my little bubble for now … done with lots of love."
Ariana's 2020 song "positions" tells us how far she is willing to go for her lover because they are as down for her as she is for them. This is a song that you would dedicate to that special someone who you've got infinite love for. You'd love to hear this song sung for you with lines like, "Know my love infinite, nothing I wouldn't do."
The flow of 2016's "Dangerous Woman" is one that builds up, and slows down again, yet is powerful all the way through. Put this song on and instantly feel empowered. That is the effect Ariana Grande has.
2018's "breathin" reminds us to keep on breathing when you're going through one of those days that are sucking out your energy. Being reminded by someone else to reflect on easier times is sometimes all it takes to help pull you out of a depressive episode, and this song does just that. What we love most about "true story" is how Grande proclaims she doesn't care about the interference or narratives, because she will play the role of the bad guy to keep her peace.
Following the theme of picking yourself up from being down, Ariana has another 2018 banger. The intro and outro of this song are breathtaking vocally and visually. The intro is soft and ethereal until the beat drops, and the song turns into a dance banger. In the outro, Grande's isolated voice is confident, as the song is about positivity and love.
There is nothing more powerful than Grande's 2018 hit proclaiming that God is a woman. The music video is a little bit all over the place, but scenes that stand out most to us is the opening ethereal space shot, a nude Grande covered in body paint, and a giant pair of legs with the sun shining through. Grande's range shines the best in this song and it is an empowering female anthem.
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!