If you haven’t heard of Wicked, you’re probably living as a recluse since the film’s Marketing team has been working non-stop to make sure everyone knows there’s a movie adaptation of the Broadway musical. The first installment was theatrically released on November 22, 2024, but fans are already eagerly waiting for part 2.
Spoiler alert: we still have to wait almost a year before Part 2 drops.  
Here’s everything we know about the second installment of the Jon Chu musical starring Ariana Grande as Galinda and Cynthia Erivo as Elphaba.  
Official title: Previously referred to as Wicked Part 2, the film is now titled Wicked: For Good. The title is inspired by a duet between Elphaba and Glinda and is one of the final songs in the musical.  
Returning cast: Aside from Grande and Erivo, Jonathan Bailey, Marissa Bode, Ethan Slater, Jeff Goldblum, and others are set to reprise their roles as Fiyero, Nessarose, Boq, and the Wonderful Wizard of Oz from the first film, per Deadline.  
What’s new: According to director John M. Chu and composer Stephen Schwartz, there are at least two new songs included in Wicked: For Good. Schwartz said in an interview with The Messenger (via Vulture), “The storytelling required it, and therefore they were created — the intention was that they were organic and not imposed on the movie.”   
Time jump: Bowen Yang who plays Pfannee, one of Glinda’s friends when she was still called Galinda, told Today, “Right when we pick up, Glinda is in this very front-facing position. Pfannee and Shenshen (Bronwyn James) are at her side still, but a lot is in motion. The world has literally changed, and the landscape of it is very different. There is this campaign against this one person that they’re like the reason for all the problems in the world.”  
What we can expect to happen in Wicked Part 2: Since the movie was loyal to the musical, it’s likely the second film will feature the events of Act Two. Act two highlights the hunt for Elphaba with Fiyero leading the charge. Elphaba is now the “Wicked Witch of the West”, Galinda is “Glinda the Good,” and Nessa, Elphaba’s sister is the “Wicked Witch of the East.” Elphaba was also pushed further into her role as "wicked" after Nessa was killed.   
Wicked: For Good is scheduled for release on November 21, 2025. 
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!