Mariah Carey in Glitter. Christina Aguilera in Burlesque. Beyoncé in DreamGirls. Ariana Grande in Wicked. It's almost tradition for some of the biggest pop stars of the moment to make a big screen splash in a starring role that features some kind of musical element. In 2002, Britney Spears made her film debut in Crossroads, and while she sings in the movie, it's not a musical.
Because Spears made her name as a talented singer and dancer, her Crossroads character Lucy shares her singing and songwriting talents in the movie. Even though Lucy wasn't initially confident in chasing those dreams, she finds her spotlight throughout the events of the movie. Being so, Spears gets to show off her own chops a few times in the movie with some of her own songs.
Apart from a few recognizable Spears songs in the movie, Crossroads also boasts a soundtrack full of pop-rock anthems that will now be known as throwbacks as legions of fans revisit the movie on Netflix. Looking for a particular song title or artist featured in the movie? We're sharing the full list of every song that can be heard in the cult classic!
The movie opens with Madonna's classic song "Open You Heart," which Spears sings along to with a hairbrush in Lucy's bedroom. It's the perfect representation of a teenage girl getting exciting for graduation by jamming to her favorite Madonna song on her boombox. From there, the movie features a few Bowling for Soup songs (remember them?!) and memorable singalongs to hits by *NSYNC, Sheryl Crow, and Shania Twain. 
Another scene features Spears singing her cover of Joan Jett's "I Love Rock 'N Roll," which was featured on her 2001 self-titled album Britney. (Fun fact: She later performed the song in medley during the 2016 Billboard Music Awards.) Spears also sings her song "I'm Not a Girl, Not Yet a Woman" in the movie as a song Lucy writes, and the end credits feature her song "Overprotected." Both songs are also from Britney.
Here's a complete list of all the songs in Crossroads:
While a soundtrack CD was released back when the movie came out in 2002, it's been hard to get your hands on since then. In tandem with the movie's re-released in October 2023 in celebration of Spears' memoir The Woman in Me, merch supporting the movie was also released, and that includes shirts, hats, hoodies, a locket, and — you guessed it — the soundtrack.
Unfortunately for vinyl collectors, the soundtrack hasn't yet been pressed on a special edition vinyl, though we should keep our fingers crossed. But you can still order the special edition Crossroads soundtrack CD, which features three new remixes of Spears' three songs featured in the movie along with the songs above marked with an asterisk. You can also listen to the soundtrack on Spotify.
Watch Crossroads now on Netflix!
© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.