Earlier this month, Jermanie Dupri teased fans with a video of Muni Long’s track playing in the studio with a label hinting at “MC,” referring to Mariah Carey.
It appears that remix version has finally been released. On Tuesday (May 21) the “Made For Me,” remix dropped Tuesday night via Supergiant Records/Def Jam Recordings.
“When I got the call from JD [Jermaine Dupri, one of the song’s producers] to work on the ‘Made For Me’ remix, I said yes immediately. Muni is an amazing writer and performer, and this collaboration is a match made in heaven,” Carey said in a press release.
Long, who has collaborated with everyone from John Legend to Saweetie in recent years, unveiled her third LP, Public Displays of Affection: The Album, in 2022. Her follow-up is expected later this year, according to a press release for the new remix.
Long has had plenty of success with “Made For Me” since she dropped it last year. The song has sparked various remixes from Ghost Town DJs, BYNX and more. It’s also become a sensation on airwaves across the country and recently reached platinum status according to the RIAA. “Made For Me” is her second platinum record following her previous hit “Hrs & Hrs.”
On the remix Long’s first verse and the infectious chorus remain intact. Carey comes through to add her style on the brand-new second verse.
“See, I didn’t know there could be someone for me / Someone completely and fully all mine,” Mariah sings in a staccato cadence. “Every night look in your eyes, touching your body I’m so satisfied / Caught in my feelings whenever you go / Never found love til you, I didn’t know.”
Muni Long is not the only younger artist Carey joined forces for a remix. Earlier this year, Carey joined Ariana Grande on a remix of “Yes, And?” 
“There truly are no words that suffice,” Grande wrote on Instagram. “Thank you from the bottom of my heart for this dream come true and for sprinkling your brilliance and magic on my little song @mariahcarey. It means more to me than i could ever possibly articulate and i cannot wait for everyone to hear this! I love you eternally!!!!!!!”
Carey recently completed her Mariah Carey: The Celebration of Mimi Live in Las Vegas residency at Dolby Live at Park MGM in Las Vegas. “The idea was brought to me about doing a residency in Vegas and I just thought, ‘Hm, do we want to do that?’” Carey told Rolling Stone. “I was going to do it in the traditional way. And then when I thought about doing the Celebration of Mimi and bringing back the songs — many of which I’d never performed — I just thought, ‘That’s the way to do it.’”
In an interview with Complex, Long credited TikTok for the viral success of “Made For Me.” “We put it out the day after my birthday—Sept. 15 of last year—and TikTok just did its thing.” 
Stay informed with the latest news and offers from your favorite artists, events, and happenings.
Δ
#1 for R&B
Copyright 2024 WBLS