It looks like 2025 is going to be a very big year for one Selena Gomez. The actor officially announced her engagement to longtime boyfriend, producer Benny Blanco, showing off a truly gorgeous (and hefty!) marquise diamond ring and the same sheer manicure… one that would look perfect with a wedding dress when it's time to walk down the aisle. The mani in question is a sheer, whispery, barely-there nude-pink with lots of shine—a.k.a. the definition of bridal nails if we've ever seen it.
This content can also be viewed on the site it originates from.
But wait! We've seen these nails before. After being nominated for Golden Globes—both for best performance by a female actor in a support role in a motion picture—there's understandable Oscar buzz around both Selena Gomez and Ariana Grande. So it's also understandable that both would be invited to the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences' Academy Women's Luncheon. The child stars turned recording artists turned beauty brand founders turned acclaimed actors were seated next to each other and probably had no shortage of topics to talk about—and I like to imagine that their similar manicures were among them.
Decked out in Chanel ensembles, the Rare Beauty mogul and R.E.M. Beauty magnate looked stunningly beautiful at the luncheon, which celebrated the fifth anniversary of the Academy Gold Fellowship for women. And even though they're likely to face each other in the same category for this entire upcoming awards show season, there was nothing but love between the two multi-hyphenates. In fact, Gomez posted the sweetest photo of both her and Grande's hand atop the event's menu, writing, “An angel on earth.” (Grande then shared the post, writing, “That's you @selenagomez.”)
In the photo, we see both opted to wear almost identical shades of sheer pink. Gomez's nails are a bit shorter and simpler, with a rounded finish, while Grande's longer nails feature a classic French tip.
This will surely be the first of many occasions over the next few months during which Grande and Gomez will get the chance to catch up and compare manicures, but I can't help but hope this quick nailfie could lead to the two superstars using those inevitable exchanges to discuss a potential Rare Beauty and R.E.M. Beauty nail polish crossover.
More nail news you can use:
Now, watch 100 years of nail trends:
Don't forget to follow Allure on Instagram and TikTok.
More from Allure The BEAUTY EXPERT
Contact
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Allure may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices