We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
Everyone deserves a chance to fly!
LEGO has unveiled Wicked's incredible Emerald City set ahead of the two-part movie musical's release.
Ariana Grande and Cynthia Erivo lead the all-star adaptation of Stephen Schwartz and Winnie Holzman's acclaimed Broadway and West End musical — which was inspired by The Wonderful Wizard of Oz by L Frank Baum.
The Land of Oz gets the LEGO treatment in four new sets coming soon, including a sprawling 945-piece Emerald City made for adults and children aged 9 and up.
Available to pre-order now for £89.99 from The LEGO Store and Very, the Emerald City set challenges builders to create the glorious three-storey green tower from the Wizard of Oz.
Mini-dolls of Glinda and Elphaba are included here, as well as an expanded Emerald City filled with Oz references. This set features a unique QR code that will let fans access exclusive Wicked content.
Related: Best streaming services 2024 — including Disney Plus, Netflix, iPlayer and Apple TV+
An Elphaba and Glinda set — up for pre-order for £49.99 at The Lego Store and Very — builds the sisters and their magical mirror. The builders can then sing along to Wicked's soaring song 'Defying Gravity' using another unique QR code.
Other Wicked sets coming soon from LEGO include Glinda & Elphaba's Dormitory — £59.99 from The Lego Store and Very — as well as the sisters' University Playset, which can be pre-ordered for £24.99 from The Lego Store and Very.
All four of these LEGO Wicked sets are scheduled to be released on Tuesday, October 1, 2024.
Related: Wicked's trailer continues a weird Hollywood trend
The two-part, live-action film adaptation of Wicked is being brought to the screen by Crazy Rich Asians director Jon M. Chu. Michelle Yeoh, Jeff Goldblum, and Jonathan Bailey all have supporting roles in the films.
Wicked Part One will be released in UK and US cinemas on Friday, November 22, followed by Wicked Part Two on November 26, 2025.
Justin is a freelance entertainment journalist and writer. He first joined Digital Spy as a freelance entertainment reporter in 2010 and also worked as a sub-editor for the brand, serving as Night News Editor from 2016 to 2024. Over more than a decade, Justin has covered numerous major entertainment events from the US and has interviewed a wide-ranging group of public figures, from comedian Steve Coogan to icons from the Star Trek universe, cast members from the Marvel Cinematic Universe and reality stars from numerous Real Housewives cities and the Below Deck franchise. Justin has also been on the ground to cover major pop culture events like the Star Wars Celebration and the D23 Expo. He's written for titles across the Hearst network, plus the likes of CBR and Us Weekly.
 
LEGO launches epic new Star Wars sets for May 4
Why you should buy LEGO's Lord of the Rings Shire
How to buy LEGO's new Lord of the Rings set
Save 15% on LEGO's LOTR Rivendell set
Best LEGO deals in Amazon's 2025 spring sale
These LEGO flowers are a perfect Mother Day's gift
LEGO's epic LotR set falls to lowest-ever price 
Best F1 LEGO for the racing fans in your life
3 reasons to buy LEGO's epic new T-Rex set
The best Mario LEGO sets, and where to buy them
Best LEGO flowers for Mother's Day gifting
LEGO's TIE Interceptor set drops to lowest price
DIGITAL SPY, PART OF THE HEARST UK ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK
We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England. All Rights Reserved.