More on KentOnline
News you can trust
20°C | 7°C
5 day forecast
  Home   News   Opinion   Article
Ever gone to the supermarket in your pyjamas?
I did, once.
Sleep deprived, having run out of nappies, and with a screechy newborn in tow, I pulled on the longest coat I had and schlepped to the shops in my nightwear (with trainers) praying I wouldn’t become the latest pyjama-clad shopper to be shamed on the local gossip board site.
Supermarkets, alongside theatres and cinemas - and to a certain extent public transport - have turned into social etiquette battlegrounds in recent years.
Whether it’s shopping in a onesie, opening a packet of food for an impatient child in the aisle before paying, taking calls at full volume on the train or checking messages after a film starts - people’s behaviour out in the wild fascinates and infuriates us in equal measure.
In the latest dose of discontent, movie fans have been asked not to sing along to the new Wicked film.
The blockbuster, which features British actress Cynthia Erivo and American popstar Ariana Grande, arrived in UK cinemas on Friday with complaints circulating on social media soon after about people breaking into song and ruining the experience for others who had paid good money to hear the professionals sing.
Judging by how hard it was to find weekend tickets late-on, I would guess Kent’s cinemas had a brilliant weekend - and I’m pleased to report there wasn’t a murmer from the audience in my Sunday evening showing.
There was however, the two women a few rows ahead who shuffled in clutching giant drinks and overflowing popcorn boxes wearing their fluffy pyjamas - one complete with a dressing gown over the top.
Now cinemas can be chilly places, storm Bert was still swirling outside, the seats are increasingly modeled on our living room armchairs and by the time the film finished I was ready for bed myself, so perhaps this was a stroke of genius?
That said I’m not sure I’d have felt entirely at ease sat next to a stranger dressed as if they’re curled up on their couch at home?
Then there was the chap behind me who came with a large flask and china mug. Again, great idea, and definitely avoids those sky-high refreshment prices - but he then proceeded to kick his shoes off.
And the smell coming from those discarded loafers would have been enough to put me off my over-priced snacks had I bought them.
I’d hazard a guess cinema dress codes don’t exist - and even if they do I don’t suppose keeping your shoes on is in the small print.
And my fellow film goers had of course paid for their tickets just like the rest of us so perhaps they’ve every right to come wearing what they want - or not in the case of the gentleman behind.
Or are social norms as dead as the Wicked Witch of the West?
Trying to find the right nursery, school, college, university or training provider in Kent or Medway? Our Education Directory has everything you could possibly need!
This website and its associated newspaper are members of the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO)
© KM Group 2025