HOROSCOPES BY HOLIDAY
Third Time’s the Charm
The legendary song suggests Bon Jovi has been “shot through the heart, and you’re to blame/Darling, you give love a bad name.” In all fairness, love’s blame can be difficult to lay, as it’s seldom an archery situation and more often a “wrong place, wrong time” scenario. Case in point, today’s triple-trine situation with two lunar arrows and a water-sign aspect of Mercury to Saturn.
ARIES (March 21-April 19). Why are you willing to spend the entire day in an uncomfortable state? If it means you can finally touch the result you deeply desire, it’s a small price to pay. There are many things you value more than comfort.
TAURUS (April 20-May 20). It’s hard to know what people want unless you understand where they are coming from. It only takes but a few key questions to get to the heart of this knowledge.
GEMINI (May 21-June 21). You’ll get into a quest of some sort. If someone doesn’t seem to like it when you go about meeting your needs in your own way, that person might be trying to control you, which you’re likely to resist with great might.
CANCER (June 22-July 22). An industrious mood helps you accomplish twice what you did yesterday. You’ll learn something about how to make your systems more efficient, and this could establish a trend.
LEO (July 23-Aug. 22). Most people start asking good questions when things don’t go to plan. But it takes next-level curiosity to question things even as they are working perfectly. Your mind is open and you’ll learn from every experience.
VIRGO (Aug. 23-Sept. 22). There’s no shortage of disagreeable ideas, but you won’t waste your time taking any of them on. If it means you have more energy to apply to your special projects or your loved ones, you’ll forgo a hundred arguments you could easily win.
LIBRA (Sept. 23-Oct. 23). People who laugh together are standing on common ground. Humor accelerates relationships. Connection, trust and communication happen inside of a smiling breath.
SCORPIO (Oct. 24-Nov. 21). Loving a person means loving their changes, updates and new versions, of which there may be endless, as time makes sure the potential for alteration is exercised. All versions are alive somewhere in the totality of a person.
SAGITTARIUS (Nov. 22-Dec. 21). The same flair that gets rewarded when applied to a group purpose will be misunderstood when applied to self-interest. This is why it’s best to give your enthusiasm to the group today.
CAPRICORN (Dec. 22-Jan. 19). You said you wanted something and now you’ll do what it takes to get it. At some point, you may wonder if you still want the thing, or if you’ve merely convinced yourself to follow through on an old desire.
AQUARIUS (Jan. 20-Feb. 18). It’s a rare human who can detect the difference between what is personally known and what a person feels like they know. You’ll stay on the safe side of knowledge by running your facts through a checker.
PISCES (Feb. 19-March 20). You are sensitive to the boundaries of others, but you’re not always as good at enforcing your own or even knowing where they are. A friend will help in this regard.
TODAY’S BIRTHDAY (June 26). Every move you make has more gusto in this solar journey of purposeful action. The plot develops with simple decisions of the yes/no/stay/go variety. More highlights: Relationships give you access to new worlds. You’ll make a dream purchase. Wondrous moods, music and aesthetics are hugely influential parts of your emotional landscape. Scorpio and Virgo adore you. Your lucky numbers are: 5, 13, 3, 33 and 17.
CELEBRITY PROFILES: Thanksgiving just got “Wicked” with the premiere of the highly anticipated movie of one of the most popular Broadway musicals of all time, starring Ariana Grande as the OG benevolent witch. Grande was born when the sun and Mercury were in nurturing Cancer, and the moon was in Libra, the sign of beauty and harmony. Venus in Taurus lends tenacity, grit and a killer voice to the mix.
Write Holiday Mathis at HolidayMathis.com.
COPYRIGHT 2024 CREATORS.COM
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices