Let Retail Dive's free newsletter keep you informed, straight from your inbox.
                    
                
            
Jaclyn Cosmetics was housed under Forma Brands, which filed for bankruptcy in early 2023.
Jaclyn Hill earlier this week announced that her namesake beauty brand, Jaclyn Cosmetics, is shutting down.
“I have decided to close the doors on Jaclyn Cosmetics for the foreseeable future,” according to a note signed by Hill that was posted to the brand’s Instagram page. “There has been plenty of talk, but what I will say is the brand has been such an important chapter in my book and one I will always cherish but am ready to close.”
Jaclyn Cosmetics is housed under Forma Brands, which filed for bankruptcy about a year ago. Other brands within Forma’s portfolio include Morphe, Playa Beauty and Bad Habit, which featured influencer Emma Chamberlain as creative director. The company made a big bet on tying itself to beauty influencers, including Hill as well as Jeffree Star and James Charles.
Some of those influencer partnerships ultimately fell apart. Following a series of controversies, Morphe in 2020 decided to “cease all commercial activity related to Jeffree Star and affiliated products.” Morphe also broke ties with Charles in 2021 following accusations that Charles sent sexually explicit messages to minors.
Ariana Grande’s R.e.m. Beauty was also previously part of Forma’s portfolio, but the celebrity last February entered into an agreement to buy back the assets of her beauty brand for $15 million.
Forma in March reached an agreement with lenders Jefferies Finance and Cerberus Capital Management to be acquired for $690 million.
Jaclyn Cosmetics also faced challenges early after launching in May 2019. The brand, which launched with several nude lipstick shades, came under fire as customers shared images of the products online, some claiming they were lumpy or spoiled. The brand in June 2019 said “we are distressed to learn that a small percentage of our customers have received lipstick with quality issues related to the texture and the look-and-feel of the lipsticks. We would like to reassure customers that while it is unacceptable for these quality issues to have occurred, there are no safety concerns related to the lipsticks,” according to a press release addressing customers’ concerns. “We want to provide assurances to customers who may have heard that our products are old, or contain mold — this is false.”
The company at the time said it had halted production “until we've identified and resolved all quality issues.” The brand relaunched a few months later.
Hill in August announced in a YouTube video that two of her other brands, jewelry brand Jaclyn Roxanne and loungewear brand Koze, were shutting down.
Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts
The industry may be far from the dramatic day-to-day struggles of 2020, but it hasn’t yet escaped the long tail the global health crisis left in its wake.
Rare Beauty and Target have taken steps to develop guidance around universally accessible design. But the industry isn’t prioritizing it yet.
Subscribe to Retail Dive for top news, trends & analysis
Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts
The industry may be far from the dramatic day-to-day struggles of 2020, but it hasn’t yet escaped the long tail the global health crisis left in its wake.
Rare Beauty and Target have taken steps to develop guidance around universally accessible design. But the industry isn’t prioritizing it yet.
The free newsletter covering the top industry headlines