The Microsoft co-founder, 68, was spotted on July 29 watching gymnastics
Kevin Voigt/Getty
 The 2024 Paris Olympics have already proven to be filled with A-list celebrities after just a few days of competition — and billionaire Bill Gates is one of them.

 The Microsoft co-founder, 68, was spotted on Monday, July 29, attending artistic gymnastics events. 

 Other celebrities spotted at the Paris Olympics include Tom Cruise, Mick Jagger, Lady Gaga, Ariana Grande, Cynthia Erivo, John Legend, Pharrell Williams and Celine Dion.

 Never miss a story — sign up for PEOPLE's free daily newsletter to stay up-to-date on the best of what PEOPLE has to offer, from celebrity news to compelling human interest stories.

 He is also likely on hand to watch his son-in-law, Nayel Nassar, who is competing in equestrian events for Team Egypt.

 In January, Gates celebrated Nassar’s 33rd birthday by posting a photo of the equestrian and wife Jennifer Gates — the eldest of Bill and Melinda French Gates' three children — with the couple's 1-year-old daughter Leila. 

 “Happy Birthday, @nayelnassar!” Gates wrote in his Instagram caption on Jan 21. “It has been so fun spending time with you and watching you become an incredible devoted dad to Leila.”

 Nassar married Jennifer, 28, at a farm in Westchester County, N.Y., in October 2021.

 Jennifer, who graduated from Columbia University with a master's degree in public health in May 2023, is also an accomplished equestrian.

 Nassar is a 2013 Stanford University graduate with a bachelor's degree in economics who also represented Egypt at the 2012 and 2020 Olympics.

 Jennifer began dating Nassar in early 2017 and announced their engagement in 2020 with a proposal photo taken during a ski trip.

 They welcomed their daughter, Leila, in March 2023, making Bill a grandparent.

 To learn more about all the Olympic and Paralympic hopefuls, come to people.com to check out ongoing coverage before, during and after the games. And sign up for Going for Gold, our Olympics newsletter, to get the biggest stories from the Games delivered straight to your inbox. Watch the Paris Olympics and Paralympics, beginning July 26, on NBC and Peacock.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)