It’s beaten Mamma Mia! 
Alex Wood

        29 December 2024    
Wicked has officially become the highest grossing film version of a stage production.
According to brand new box office data, it has now grossed $634.4m globally, eclipsing Mamma Mia!’s total of $611m. That figure comes from $424m in the US and around $210m overseas (interestingly Mamma Mia!’s overseas total was more than double this amount). Adjusted for inflation, of course, Wicked would still have a way to go to beat the ABBA classic.
The box office milestone comes as the film prepares to land on streaming platforms next week in the US, and next weekend in the UK.
We’ve also dedicated a new podcast episode to the film below:
Based on the hit novel Wicked: The Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the West by Gregory Maguire, Wicked tells the story of two unlikely university friends in the land of Oz, one destined to become Glinda the Good and the other, the Wicked Witch of the West. Wicked writers Winnie Holzman (book) and Stephen Schwartz (score) collaborated on the screenplay with Dana Fox.
Cynthia Erivo (Elphaba), Ariana Grande (Glinda) and Jonathan Bailey (Fiyero) lead the adaptation, alongside Oscar winner Michelle Yeoh as Madame Morrible, Tony nominee Ethan Slater as Boq, Marissa Bode as Nessarose, Jeff Goldblum as the Wizard of Oz, and Peter Dinklage as Dr Dillamond. Jon M Chu directs the two-part property.
The film received glowing reviews, including from WhatsOnStage.

                    Get the best deals and latest updates on theatre and shows by signing up for WhatsOnStage newsletter today!                
Bless our souls – take a look!
Get the best deals and latest updates on theatre and shows by signing up for WhatsOnStage newsletter today!

							By providing information about entertainment and cultural events on this site, WhatsOnStage.com shall not be deemed to endorse, recommend, approve and/or guarantee such events, or any facts, views, advice and/or information contained therein.
						

							©1999-2025 WhatsOnStage.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy & Terms of Use