GameSpot may receive revenue from affiliate and advertising partnerships for sharing this content and from purchases through links.

The Remix Finale event in Fortnite was a huge hit. In fact, Epic revealed that it was its biggest so far among in-game concerts.
By 
    Mark Delaney
   on November 30, 2024 at 1:15PM PST
Fortnite is gearing up for Chapter 6 Season 1, closing the book on Remix Chapter 2 with its massive Remix Finale event, the latest in a years-long run of in-game concerts that Epic has put on for players. Shortly after the event, the official Fortnite account on Twitter/X revealed that the Remix Finale event was, in fact, the biggest in-game concert the game has ever hosted.
With more than 14 million players, this latest event has usurped Travis Scott's "Astronomical" in-game concert from 2020 as the biggest Fortnite in-game music event ever. Scott's interactive concert saw a high of 12.3 million players. In the summer of 2021, Ariana Grande starred in the Rift Tour, a concert of a similar scale, though player counts were never revealed for it, thereby inferring the total was less than Scott's showcase.
You. Showed. Up.More than 14 million concurrent players partied up for Remix: The Finale and more than 3 million estimated people streamed it online. This is a new Fortnite all-time record for an in-game concert - thank you! 🦋We’re running it back at 8:00 PM ET tonight for… pic.twitter.com/1X48yjSD2Q
Both Scott's and Grande's shows were shown while Fortnite seasons were ongoing, and were played a total of five times each for players who wanted to catch it later--or again. In the case of Scott's show, this led to nearly 28 million unique players experiencing the concert before its run of shows came to a close. Today's event, however, will be shown just once more at 5 PM PT / 8 PM ET today, as Fortnite is down ahead of Chapter 6 Season 1. The new chapter is expected to begin tomorrow, December 1.
The show featured a four-pack of artists: Snoop Dogg, Eminem, Ice Spice, and Juice WRLD, with the lattermost appearing posthumously and with the blessing of the late artist's mother and record label. Many other concerts have been in the game since Grande's, including shows starring The Kid Laroi, Metallica, and many more, but there is often a noticeable difference in scale among these various shows. The Remix Finale event was much more in the style of the Astronomical and Rift Tour shows, making it the first to feel that way in three years.
The event also came close to being Fortnite's biggest live event ever, though that distinction still belongs to the Marvel crossover event from December 2020, during which time the game saw a peak count of 15.3 million players.
Got a news tip or want to contact us directly? Email news@gamespot.com
Use your keyboard!
Log in to comment