We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
"I get it."
Ariana Grande has opened up about the casting criticism she has received over her role in Wicked.
The Grammy winner is set to play Glinda the Good Witch in Jon M Chu's much-anticipated film adaptation of the hit Broadway musical. Cynthia Erivo will portray Elphaba, the Wicked Witch of the West.
Grande's casting was met with mixed reactions after it was announced in 2021, with musical theatre fans sharing their reservations about her pop background.
Speaking on the Sentimental Men podcast, the actor admitted she was nervous to hear people's "preconceived notions" about whether she could pull off the role.
Related: Best movie box sets to buy
"I felt a little bit of the initial nervousness or the sort of preconceived notions about what I might be able to deliver or not deliver, or why I would be wrong or whatever," she said.
Grande went on to note how fans of the musical might only recognise her from her pop songs, including 2016 hit 'Side to Side' – which featured rapper Nicki Minaj. 
"Going off of 'Side to Side', I probably would've said the same thing," she explained. "I probably would've said, 'Why the f***? Kill me. I've waited 20 years for this. Kill me.'
"I would've said that – as a fan from the outside knowing of only '7 Rings', probably – I'd say, 'Well, that's bullshit.' So, you know, I get it."
Related: Wicked called a "masterpiece" in first reactions
Elsewhere in the interview, Grande spoke about Glinda being her "dream" role, and opened up about the "challenge" of breaking out of her pop persona.
"This is something I loved so much about auditioning for Wicked. It has to be earned," she said.
"Anything on this scale, being part of anything, it's not just given because they know for one thing. So, it's fun to kind of have the challenge of reframing people's perception and doing the work to earn your way back into the other spaces."
The big-screen adaptation of Wicked is being split into two movies, with Part One premiering later this month. Part Two is scheduled to follow in November 2025.
As well as Grande and Erivo, the blockbuster also stars Bridgerton's Jonathan Bailey, The Brothers Sun's Michelle Yeoh, Marvel's Jeff Goldblum and Game of Thrones actor Peter Dinklage.
Wicked: Part One will be released in cinemas on November 22. Part Two is set to be released on November 21, 2025.
Sara is an entertainment journalist who specialises in TV and film. After studying journalism at the University of Roehampton, Sara joined Digital Spy in 2023, writing news (and the occasional feature) on all things entertainment. She has also written for the culture desk at The Evening Standard. A lover of all things TV and film, Sara can wax lyrical about everything from Bridgerton to The Witcher. She can also recite entire episodes of New Girl, Brooklyn Nine-Nine and Parks and Recreation. In her spare time, Sara loves to knit, crochet and cross-stitch. Also a musical theatre aficionado, Sara counts Samantha Barks as one of her heroes and is a loyal fan of Jodie Comer.

Cynthia Erivo signs on to new Wicked project
Wicked star details "healthy" change in sequel
Wicked fans demand For Good trailer after teaser
Wicked's Cynthia Erivo explains "insane" roles
When is Wicked 2 coming out?
Wicked's Cynthia Erivo lands next movie role
Cynthia Erivo & Ariana Grande open the Oscars
Wicked fans "screaming" over exciting cast reunion
Wicked finally confirms streaming release date
Wicked Dorothy rumour addressed by star
Is Wicked available to stream?
Lin-Manuel Miranda on why he wasn't cast in Wicked
DIGITAL SPY, PART OF THE HEARST UK ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK
We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England. All Rights Reserved.