Broadway + NYC
Broadway
Off-Broadway
Off-Off Broadway
Cabaret
Dance
Opera
Classical Music
United States
Eastern
Central
Western
Minneapolis / St. Paul
Connecticut
Atlanta
Chicago
Los Angeles
Central New York
West End
WEST END
UK Regional
International
Canada
Australia / New Zealand
Europe
Asia
Latin America
Africa / Middle East
Entertainment
TV/Movies
Music
The movie musical will draw inspiration from Pharrell Williams' life.
POPULAR
Da’Vine Joy Randolph is in talks to join a new movie musical at Universal from Pharrell Williams. Kelvin Harrison Jr. is attached to star.
Deadline reports that Tick, Tick...BOOM! writer Steven Levenson and Martin Hayes are penning the script for the coming-of-age musical. Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind director Michel Gondry is set to helm the feature.
The movie musical is set in Virginia Beach in 1977. It will reportedly draw inspiration from Williams' childhood when he grew up in the city's Atlantis Apartments.
Kelvin Harris, Jr. will be seen in the upcoming prequel to The Lion King. He was also seen in the Peter Dinklage-led Cyrano movie musical and as B.B.King in Baz Luhrmann's Elvis Presley biopic. Other films include in Waves, Luce, It Comes At Night and Monsters And Men. 
Pharrell Williams is known for his chart-topping single "Happy." He has composed music for the Despicable Me films and Hidden Figures. As a music producer, he has worked with artists like  Beyoncé, Ariana Grande, Miley Cyrus, Kendrick Lamar, and more.
Da'Vine Joy Randolph, a Philadelphia native made her Broadway debut in Ghost, which earned her a Tony nomination. She recently won an Oscar for her performance in The Holdovers. She has also been seen on screen in Only Murders in the Building, The Idol, and more.
Madeline Ashton is the most beautiful actress (just ask her) ever to grace the stage and screen. Helen Sharp is the long-suffering author (just ask her) who lives in her shadow. They have always been the best of frenemies… until Madeline steals Helen’s fiancé away. As Helen plots revenge and Madeline clings to her rapidly fading star, their world is suddenly turned upside down by Viola Van Horn, a mysterious woman with a secret that’s to die for.  After one sip of Viola’s magical potion, Madeline and Helen begin a new era of life (and death) with their youth and beauty restored…and a grudge to last eternity. Life’s a bitch and then you die. Or not!
BroadwayWorld is saddened to report the passing of Tony-nominated actor Stephen Mo Hanan. Hanan passed away on April 3, 2025 at his home in Manhattan.
Actors' Equity Association is raising alarm over President Donald Trump’s latest budget proposal, which calls for the elimination of federal funding for the National Endowment for the Arts (NEA) and other cultural agencies.
A bevy of Broadway’s brightest stars - from icons Jennifer Holliday and Andrea Martin to show-stopping newcomers Tom Francis and Jasmine Amy Rogers - lit up the Al Hirschfeld Theatre on April 28, 2025, at the inaugural Broadway Dream Roles. Get a first look at highlights from the event!
Jordan Litz and his Wicked co-stars have returned with another installment of the 'Swankified Stairwell Sessions.' This time, they video features Allie Trimm and Mary Kate Morrissey for a performance of 'What Is This Feeling?'
Videos
Recommended For You
Sign up for announcements, and exclusive discounts on tickets to your favorite shows!
© 2025 - Copyright Wisdom Digital Media, all rights reserved. Privacy Policy