ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre, Senior Contributor. Forbes contributors publish independent expert analyses and insights. Hugh McIntyre covers music, with a focus on the global charts.
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
BEVERLY HILLS, CALIFORNIA - MARCH 10: Justin Timberlake attends the 2024 Vanity Fair Oscar Party ... More Hosted By Radhika Jones at Wallis Annenberg Center for the Performing Arts on March 10, 2024 in Beverly Hills, California. Justin Timberlake could tie Kelly Clarkson's all-time record for most Best Pop Vocal Album Grammy nominations, perhaps alongside Taylor Swift and Ariana Grande. (Photo by Jamie McCarthy/WireImage)
Justin Timberlake has had a tough year. First, his new album Everything I Thought It Was turned out to be perhaps the biggest commercial disappointment of his solo career. Then, he was arrested for allegedly driving under the influence.
While 2024 has not shaped up to be a stellar time for the pop superstar, things may turn around—if only slightly—in a few months. Eligibility for the 2025 Grammys closed a little over a week ago, and nominations are expected to be released later this year. Timberlake is far from a shoo-in, but he could wind up a possible winner again.
Timberlake’s latest full-length is certainly being considered by voters for a Best Pop Vocal Album slot. The set may have underperformed, but the Recording Academy’s body has a tendency to stick with the names they love—those that have proved themselves many times before. Even if a new album fails to live up to its predecessors, it’s usually easier for a legend to wind up a nominee with a lackluster project than for a newcomer with a more impressive one.
If Everything I Thought It Was does wind up being included in the highly-competitive Best Pop Vocal Album field, it will mark Timberlake’s sixth career nod in the category. That sum includes his solo work and the music he released as a member of NSYNC. The boy band is also eligible for several Grammys this time around, though not with a full-length.
One more nod in the Best Pop Vocal Album vertical would help Timberlake tie the all-time record for most nominations. Currently, the honor is owned by Kelly Clarkson, who has snagged half a dozen chances to win.
Timberlake is presently matched with both Ariana Grande and Taylor Swift with five Best Pop Vocal Album nominations apiece. Both of those women released huge titles in the past eligibility period, and they are all but assured to land one of the five or six available slots. All three artists could match Clarkson’s record, or perhaps only some of them will manage to do so.
NSYNC scored back-to-back nominations in the Best Pop Vocal Album space in 2001 (No Strings Attached) and 2002 (Celebrity), though they never won any award. Timberlake snagged the prize in 2004 for his first solo offering, Justified. He was then nominated again for his own efforts FutureSex/LoveSounds and The 20/20 Experience – The Complete Experience.
Eligibility for the 2025 Grammys runs from September 16, 2023, through August 30, 2024. The nominees will be named on November 8, and the sixty-seventh annual Grammy Awards will be held on February 2, 2025.