Is it 'poise' or 'ploys'?
Maureen Lee Lenker is a senior writer at Entertainment Weekly with over seven years of experience in the entertainment industry. An award-winning journalist, she's written for Turner Classic Movies, Ms. Magazine, The Hollywood Reporter, and more. She's worked at EW for six years covering film, TV, theater, music, and books. The author of EW's quarterly romance review column, "Hot Stuff," Maureen holds Master's degrees from both the University of Southern California and the University of Oxford. Her debut novel, It Happened One Fight, is now available. Follow her for all things related to classic Hollywood, musicals, the romance genre, and Bruce Springsteen.
 There's nothing that can stop you from becoming popular — except maybe getting the words right.

 Ariana Grande, who stars as Glinda in the forthcoming Wicked film, gently corrected the movie's official social media accounts on Wednesday, commenting on a post of a "Popular" lyric video that appeared to feature incorrect lyrics.

 The video, which shares a glimpse of Grande's take on the iconic number, reads, "I'll teach you the proper poise when you talk to boys." Ironically, the post also includes that caption, "We know about popular."

 Grande commented, "It's ploys!!!!!! I love you @wickedmovie."

 Upon further investigation, however, it seems the confusion over these lyrics is more widespread. In fact, Genius lists the lyrics as "proper poise." On the Original Broadway Cast Recording, it sounds like original Glinda, Kristin Chenoweth, is definitely saying "ploys." Not to mention the lyric video on the official Wicked Broadway YouTube account also features the word "ploys."

 The Universal music department shared a lyric sheet with Entertainment Weekly, personally approved by lyricist Stephan Schwartz, that confirms "ploys" is the correct word.

 It's no surprise that Grande is in the right here. Her relationship with Chenoweth and love for the role goes back to when she was 10 years old when the two met following a performance of the show on Broadway. Chenoweth has been very vocal about giving her blessing to Grande throughout the process.

 Grande remembered Chenoweth's reaction to when she first told the Broadway star that she was going to audition for Glinda in the film. "She was just like, 'I was hoping this would happen. I love you, and I trust you with it, baby girl,'" Grande said. "She was like, 'Just do your thing. Just do your thing. You are so funny and you have great instincts and no one knows that. You're gonna backdoor 'em.' And I was just like, 'Okay.'"

Universal Pictures
 Want more movie news? Sign up for Entertainment Weekly's free newsletter to get the latest trailers, celebrity interviews, film reviews, and more.

 Wicked, which also famously starred Idina Menzel, premiered on Broadway in 2003. Based on the 1995 Gregory Maguire novel of the same name and with music and lyrics by Schwartz, the Wizard of Oz prequel musical traces the two witches' paths from students at Shiz University to Elphaba becoming the Wicked Witch of the West. The show went on to earn 10 Tony Award nominations in 2004, including one for Best Musical. It won three Tony awards.

 "Popular" is perhaps the song most associated with the role of Glinda in Wicked. She sings about the many perks of popularity while making over Elphaba, who will become the Wicked Witch of the West.

 Grande has already been earning rave reviews and Oscar buzz for her work in the film. The story has been split into two parts with the first film set to hit theaters on Nov. 22.

 Wicked also stars Cynthia Erivo, Jonathan Bailey, Michelle Yeoh, and Jeff Goldblum.

 Update: This article has been updated to reflect the lyric sheet confirmation.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)