We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
"Let me reintroduce myself."
Married at First Sight UK star Erica Roberts has unveiled a new hair transformation.
The 2023 series star has taken to Instagram to share her new red hair look, writing in a post last week: "Let me reintroduce myself."
Erica then posted a video montage of her getting her hair done, captioning the post: "HAIR TRANSFORMATION It’s givinggg trust the process… I literally look like a different person!!! @luvelyhair @lucy_luvelyhair you are the best."
Related: MAFS Australia star suggests why Sara didn't show Tim her phone during task
In a follow-up post showing a variety of pictures of her new look, the star quoted Ariana Grande as she wrote: "Me and my truth, we sit in silence."
The new look comes after Erica and MAFS co-star Jordan Gayle announced last month that they had split up.
Erica later opened up a bit about the separation, saying on social media: "I think one of the hardest parts about a break-up is trying to fill that connection that you had with someone every single day.
Related: MAFS UK star announces "hard" birth of baby son and confirms name
"You go from having a security blanket and someone there 24/7 to then just not having them there at all. And one of the best ways to replace that habit is going out and doing things you enjoy, spending time with people that you love, and just having fun."
Erica further said that it is easy to "feel depressed" and "not want to get out of bed or see anyone", though suggested those in a similar situation "get out there" and that they're "in this together".
In the original break-up announcement, she said: "This hasn't been an easy decision for us both as we really wanted to make our relationship work. I truly wish him all the best and there is no bad blood between us."
Married at First Sight UK airs on E4 in the UK. Married at First Sight Australia airs on Nine Network in Australia and E4 in the UK.
Interested in talking about Married at First Sight? Visit our dedicated sub-forum
Sam is a freelance reporter and sub-editor who has a particular interest in movies, TV and music. After completing a journalism Masters at City University, London, Sam joined Digital Spy as a reporter, and has also freelanced for publications such as NME and Screen International.  Sam, who also has a degree in Film, can wax lyrical about everything from Lord of the Rings to Love Is Blind, and is equally in his element crossing every 't' and dotting every 'i' as a sub-editor.
MAFS Australia bride left "disgusted" by husband
MAFS Australia cast left stunned by bride
MAFS UK’s Caspar Todd announces engagement 
MAFS Australia bride removes ring in shock twist
MAFS Ella Morgan reacts to Supreme Court ruling
MAFS Australia fans suspect bride's "crush"
MAFS Australia: Groom's bombshell threatens feud
MAFS Australia: Controversial couple quits show
MAFS Australia fans divided over brides' row
MAFS bride breaks down in tears after row
MAFS Australia row: Bride walks out on co-stars
MAFS duo confirm real life engagement
DIGITAL SPY, PART OF THE HEARST UK ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK
We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England. All Rights Reserved.