Two survivors of the Manchester Arena bombing have won a High Court case against a man who harassed them with claims the attack was staged.
Martin Hibbert and his daughter Eve, who was 14 at the time of the attack, suffered life-changing injuries in the terrorist attack that killed 22 people and injured hundreds as they left an Ariana Grande concert in 2017.
But former television producer Richard Hall claimed there was no bomb at all, even hiding camera outside Eve’s house to try and prove she was secretly able to walk.
She uses a wheelchair as a result of injuries sustained in the attack, and was seen leaving her home in one.
But Mr Hall told his viewers there was ‘no evidence’ her injuries were due to the bomb and called her a ‘crisis actor’.
He also claimed the dad and daughter were harmed before the attack and were not even at the arena that night, despite the fact CCTV shows the pair attending the concert.
Mr Hall claimed this CCTV does not exist.
The Hibberts sued Mr Hall for harassment and data protection over the claims he made in several videos and a book.
Mr Hall said his actions were in the public interest as a journalist, telling the court: ‘The primary evidence shows there was no bomb in that room that exploded.’
Ruling in Martin and Eve’s favour on the harassment claim, Mrs Justice Steyn said there was ‘powerful evidence that Mr Hall’s course of conduct caused Mr Hibbert to suffer alarm, distress and anxiety’.
She said she would not decide the data protection claim at this stage.
Martin, who attended at the three-day trial in July in a wheelchair, sustained a spinal cord injury in the attack on May 22, 2017.
He and Eve were among those standing closest to suicide bomber Salman Abedi, 22, when he detonated explosives in his rucksack in the venue’s foyer.
A bolt from the bomb struck Eve in the head, inflicting a ‘catastrophic brain injury’, while Martin received 22 wounds from shrapnel.
Barrister Jonathan Price, for the Hibberts, said: ‘Martin, paralysed, saw Eve lying next to him with a hole in her head and assumed he was watching her die, unable to help. He saw others lying dead or injured around him.’
He added: ‘They have both suffered life-changing injuries from which they will never recover.’
They were among the 1,017 people injured in the attack, which Mr Hall claimed was staged by government agencies.
He said several people who died are living abroad or were already dead before the attack, claiming that ‘millions of people have bought a lie’.
In a previous ruling earlier this year, Judge Richard Davison said: ‘Although his beliefs may be genuinely held, his theory that the Manchester bombing was an operation staged by government agencies in which no one was genuinely killed or injured is absurd and fantastical and it provides no basis to rebut the conviction.’
Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk.
For more stories like this, check our news page.
Arrow
MORE: Beauty fanatics call this the ‘best cleanser’ they’ve ever used – leaving skin clean, silky and hydrated
Arrow
MORE: McDonald’s branch flooded with fake reviews after Donald Trump drive-through shift
Arrow
MORE: Daniel Khalife ‘bought £1.09 espresso from McDonald’s after escaping prison’
Stay on top of the headlines with daily email updates.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Your information will be used in line with our Privacy Policy
Stay on top of the headlines with daily email updates.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Your information will be used in line with our Privacy Policy