Every item on this page was chosen by an ELLE editor. We may earn commission on some of the items you choose to buy.
As the line says, “Pink goes good with green.” Here, two ELLE editors discuss what to wear to see the highly anticipated movie.
Welcome to Same Same But Different. As Gen Z and millennial culture editors, respectively, we know a thing or two about what to wear to the movies—for all ages, and especially our demographics. As we find the best products for you, we can’t help but do a little shopping for ourselves and build our personal (age-appropriate) wish lists. And now, we’re sharing them with you. Ahead, check out what’s in our hearts and in our carts lately.
Erica Gonzales: I don’t know about you, but I’ve been waiting years for this moment. And I’m sure many Wicked fans feel the same way. For something so beloved, so integral to our formative years, to finally make it on the big screen (with Ariana Grande and Cynthia Erivo, no less!)—that’s certainly worth celebrating. Now, given our roles as culture editors, we’ve of course already screened the film for work purposes, but I must confess, I do plan on watching it again once it hits theaters—and I plan to dress on theme, too. (I’d get FOMO if I didn’t!) So, it’s only right that we take over this month’s Same Same But Different to talk all things Oz. 
In fact, I couldn’t help but notice that dressing up for the movies has become even more of a Thing™ in the past year, thanks to Barbie and Oppenheimer, yes, but also Mean Girls and Dune 2. (Remember that guy who made his own sandworm?) With Wicked’s famous pink and green color scheme, it’s ripe for a thematic dress code. Erivo and Grande have already been setting a fine example in their months-long press tour. And I just know fans are itching to follow suit. The possibilities are unlimited!
What will you be wearing to the theater? Are you leaning more Elphaba or Glinda?
Lauren Puckett-Pope: I think, by nature of my blonde-ness, the decision has been made for me, right? Plus, I have some surplus Barbie pieces sitting idle in my wardrobe that deserve another outing. That being said, when the Margot Robbie feature came out last year, we were relishing the peak of summer, when wearing a tiny tennis dress to the movie theater wasn’t an unreasonable idea. But with Wicked out on November 22, I think I’m going to resort to sweaters and cardigans this time around. And sneakers! Forgive me, Glinda, but my feet can’t handle wearing platform sandals this close to the holidays. 
EG: I’m sure Glinda would approve. I love the idea of reusing pieces, too. Wicked arriving on the heels of brat summer? What a blessing. It’s the perfect opportunity to recycle any bright-green garb. We could argue that Elphaba is brat, no? For any Elphie lovers out there, I’m envisioning a black and emerald color palette and witchy aesthetics. (Please forgo the pointed hat, lest you obstruct the view of your fellow audience members.) Don’t be afraid to embrace some drama, either—because what else would you expect from theater kids?
I should also note the plethora of Wicked brand collaborations that have launched in recent months. Do any speak to you?
LPP: There are definitely a few that I think are unnecessary and admittedly a bit strange, but I do love the Bombas x Wicked collab. That truism about how the older you get, the more you appreciate socks as gifts? I’m on the cusp of 30 and, already, the only stocking stuffers I want are socks. Wicked’s Aldo collab also has some fun accessory options. I love a glitzy hair clip that can elevate a look. Given the Barbenheimer merch and Barbie-pink craze last year, do you think Wicked will accomplish the same sartorial feat?
EG: That’s a great question. As you pointed out earlier, Barbie launched at the height of summer, a season where it makes sense to wear bright, rosy hues. But in the darker days of fall, with winter on the horizon, can pink and green overtake the warm autumnal hues of the season and the reds of the holidays? We’ll have to see. I am also very curious about whether anyone will dare to tackle both Wicked and Gladiator II (“Glicked,” if you will) in the same day while dressing accordingly. Is it too early to break out the sandals? 
LPP: Yes—but I have to respect anyone who commits to wearing armor in a cramped movie theater. Or, better yet, a toga! As long as it’s Glinda pink, you know?
EG: I would love to see that. I mean, if we’re really getting creative, there’s always Dr. Dillamond cosplay. Until the next blockbuster premiere! 
We’re Hitting the Slopes—Here’s What We’re Wearing
How ELLE Editors Dress for Holiday Parties
Let the (World Series) Games Begin!
Our Fashion Month Postmortem
What Two ELLE Editors Are Wearing on Vacation
This One Is for the Brats 
Here Are Our Beauty Editors’ Current Favorite Skin
Can These Editors Pull Off the Tenniscore Trend? 
ELLE Editors Head West (Sartorially) 
ELLE Editors Break Down Their Wedding Wardrobes 
Shop Our Editors’ Favorite Accessories for Spring 
Here’s What We Think Is “In” for 2024 
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.