By Greg Evans 
NY & Broadway Editor

Josh Brolin seems to be taking his third Saturday Night Live hosting gig very seriously indeed, judging by the energy he’s bringing to the show’s latest promo.

	In the set-up, Brolin, star of Dune: Part 2, is walking through SNL‘s Studio 8H when he happens upon cast members Molly Kearney and Devon Walker enjoying a friendly game of hoops. 

	Anything “friendly” soon gets shunted aside as Brolin, shouting “Kareem!” and “Thanos!” plays decidedly rough, knocking Kearney to the ground, among other bits of aggression.

	“Anything’s possible!,” Brolin yells in triumph, only to quickly gather his wits and apologize for getting out of hand.

	










			Watch on Deadline		






	“Sorry,” he says. “I’m just excited to be here.” He then adds a sheepish, “You guys are super talented.”

	Brolin last hosted the show in April 2012 and, prior to that, October 2008. His musical guest this Saturday is Ariana Grande.

Saturday Night Live is produced in association with Broadway Video. The creator and executive producer is Lorne Michaels.
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.