By JAMES REINL, SOCIAL AFFAIRS CORRESPONDENT, FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  16:35, 6 February 2024   |  Updated:  20:24, 6 February 2024   
 76
View  comments
US voters by wide margins favor slapping criminal charges on those who share non-consensual deepfake pornographic images, like the ones that victimized pop star Taylor Swift, our first-of-its kind poll shows.
Fully three quarters of respondents said they supported making deepfake porn sharing illegal — a sign of the outrage over the compromising images using Swift's face that went viral on social media.
The DailyMail.com/TIPP Poll of more than 1,400 respondents this month found that only 14 percent were against criminalizing explicit file-sharing; while another 11 percent said they were not sure.
The dozens of graphic images showed Swift in a series of sexual acts while wearing Kansas City Chief memorabilia after she became a regular at football games to support her boyfriend, Travis Kelce.
Older voters were more supportive of punishing deepfake-sharers than were young adults
One X-rated post was viewed 47 million times before it was deleted from X/Twitter.
Alarmed social media users called the pictures everything from 'awful' to 'gross' and 'exploitative'.
'Those deepfakes were awful,' posted Melissa Heikkilä from the MIT Technology Review.
'Nobody deserves to have their image exploited like that,' added Heikkilä, saying it was time 'to fight back against deepfake porn and help millions of women and marginalized people.'
Jesse Brown, a Canadian media personality, said they were 'gross, but also absurd and obviously AI.'
'We need laws against deepfake porn that tells convincing lies, but these were just horny fanfic,' added Brown.
Swift is understood to be considering legal action against the deepfake porn website that posted the images amid calls from fans and even the White House for legislative action to combat the scourge.
The viral images helped push non-consensual deepfakes to the top of the political agenda, after years of concerns from experts that the use of AI image-manipulation software was getting out of hand.
The obscene images are themed around Swift's fandom of the Kansas City Chiefs, which began after she started dating star player Travis Kelce
Lawmakers stepped in to combat the rise of non-consensual deepfakes with a new bill that allows victims to take action against fake porn made in their likeness.
The DEFIANCE Act of 2024 was introduced by Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Dick Durbin, D-Ill., Ranking Member Lindsey Graham, R-S.C., Senator Josh Hawley, R-Mo., and Senator Amy Klobuchar, R-Minn.
It would allow victims of explicit fake images and videos generated through AI and other technology to take civil action against anyone who produces or possess the images with intent to distribute them.
In some cases, even recipients could face action, under the draft.
In May 2023, New York Congressman Joe Morelle introduced the Preventing Deepfakes of Intimate Images Act.
His legislation would criminalize the nonconsensual production and sharing of AI generated sexually explicit material.
The Democrat said he hoped the Swift scandal would focus attention on his efforts to make deep fake pornography a federal crime that warrants fines and jail time.
Our survey found that voters across all parts of the country supported criminal charges against the deepfake sharers.
Senate Judiciary Committee Ranking Member Lindsey Graham (left) and Chairman Dick Durbin (right) introduced the DEFIANCE Act along with Senators Hawley and Klobuchar
Those aged 65 years and above were much keener on imposing criminal charges on the sharers — 84 percent of them backed punitive measures, compared to two thirds of adults aged 18-24.
There was also a slight partisan tilt. Fully 81 percent of Democrats supported criminal charges, compared to 71 percent of Republican voters. 
Graphika, a social network analysis company, found that the deepfakes originated on 4chan in early January before moving to Telegram and then X, which was forced to block all Swift searches after the lewd images sparked a public outcry.
The website which posted the fake porn of Swift and other celebrities had been doing so for years.
On the 4chan channel, Swift is just one of many celebrities whose likeness has been used to create sexual or violent images.
Other victims include Ariana Grande, Billie Eilish, and Emma Watson, who played Hermione Granger in the Harry Potter film series.
Celebrity deep fake porn has been available on various websites for years, but cases involving ordinary people are rising along with the sophistication and ease in which people can access the image software, experts say.
Often victims have little recourse and struggle to get the images taken down.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have been moderated in advance.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group