Idris Elba is one of many celebrities that spends their free time in Gloucestershire
With Cheltenham Literature Festival just a few weeks away, the spa town will soon be turned into a galaxy of literary, culinary and on-screen stars.
But, with Gloucestershire lying just a couple of hours from London, the Cotswolds provide a sanctuary to household names and cult favourites alike, desperate to escape the big smoke.
Some of Gloucestershire's homegrown stars have been front-and-centre this year, including the UK's Eurovision Song Contest entry, Olly Alexander and Challengers star Josh O'Connor, who was brought up in Cheltenham.
A spokesperson for Cotswolds Tourism said: "Everyone can be assured of a warm welcome" in Gloucestershire, regardless of their status.
Starting off in the Cotswolds, it's no secret that the hills hide plenty of famous faces across the counties they straddle.
Perhaps the most flamboyant resident of south east Gloucestershire, and the most humble, is interior designer Laurence Llewelyn-Bowen, who lives in Siddington.
On Instagram, Spice World and Saltburn star Richard E. Grant often shares picturesque postcard-like snaps from his country garden in Avening.
Of course, there is a strong royal presence in the Cotswolds, too.
The King has made many a country escape to Highgrove House near Tetbury, while Princess Anne lives at Gatcombe Park Estate with her family, including daughter Zara Tindall and her ex-Gloucester Rugby player husband, Mike.
On the other side of Gloucestershire, former Years & Years frontman Olly Alexander grew up in Coleford.
In May, the Forest of Dean market town threw its support behind Mr Alexander as he represented the UK at Eurovision, with mayor Nick Penny saying residents were "proud of our Coleford lad".
Josh O'Connor, known for his roles in Challengers and The Crown, grew up in Cheltenham, while The Wanted singer Nathan Sykes was born in Gloucester and went to Ribston Hall High School's sixth form.
Also flying the flag for Gloucestershire are siblings Daisy May and Charlie Cooper, best known for their BAFTA-winning mockumentary series, This Country, filmed in Northleach and inspired by their Cotswolds upbringing.
Earlier this year, Daisy May was full of praise for staff at Gloucestershire Royal Hospital as she welcomed her third child, Benji, into the world.
Charlie and Daisy May Cooper invented early versions of Kerry and Kurtan Mucklowe while working as cleaners in Cirencester
Even if they don't live here, many celebrities visit Gloucestershire to get away, or let their hair down.
Idris Elba and his wife, Sabrina, sipped cocktails with friends Jade Holland-Cooper and Julian Dunkerton at their bar, No. 131 on the Promenade, with the Luther star performing a DJ set at Dunkertons Cider last year.
Every March, countless famous faces flock to Cheltenham Festival, with Carol Vorderman, Love Island star Chris Hughes, former Chalford resident Jamie Dornan, and DIY SOS presenter Nick Knowles among the celebrities spotted at Cheltenham Racecourse in recent years.
It may sound a little rogue but several fans of US popstar Ariana Grande reported meeting the then-Nickelodeon actor at Gloucester Railway Station in 2013, during her relationship with Nathan Sykes.
Nick Knowles has attended several rugby events in Gloucestershire, including the Rugby For Heroes 10th anniversary dinner in Cheltenham in 2022, with Mike Tindall
So what is it that makes Gloucestershire so attractive to the rich and famous?
According to Cotswolds Tourism, the hills are a "desirable hideaway for celebrities" due to the region's location and "beautiful rural countryside".
"With the region spanning more than 800 square miles, being easily accessible from London, Bristol and Birmingham, over the years more and more celebrities have been drawn to country life, cosy inns, fine dining and the appeal of the wider region," they said.
"Whether you are a local, celebrity or visitor, everyone can be assured of a warm welcome, in-depth immersive experiences, fantastic independent shopping, and local food & drink, all year round. 
"With renowned music events such as Big Feastival (on Alex James Farm), 2000 Trees, and Womad, alongside numerous quirky events, food & drink festivals, village fetes, all tastes are covered."
Tell us which stories we should cover in Gloucestershire
Follow BBC Gloucestershire on Facebook, external, X, external, and Instagram, external. Send your story ideas to us on email or via WhatsApp on 0800 313 4630.
The terrier who became an accidental celebrity. Video, 00:00:53The terrier who became an accidental celebrity
From plumber to Hollywood stylist to the stars
Tinie Tempah married in private ceremony
Music festival in South Gloucestershire celebrates huge milestone
Music festival in South Gloucestershire celebrates huge milestone
Anticipation growing over plans to open Costco in Gloucestershire
Britpop battle between Blur and Oasis takes to stage in Gloucestershire
Minchinhampton playground reopens after £50k refurbishment
Free family fun and Ukrainian celebrations to launch Nailsworth Festival
Australia PM Albanese makes stunning comeback with landslide win
Three things to know about the Australian election result
Fourteen children arrested over boy's fire death
Fear and loathing over van dwellers on Bristol's leafy streets
Local elections 2025 in maps and charts
Chris Mason: Fireworks for Reform as Labour and Tories write election post-mortems
Watch: Prince Harry's exclusive interview in full
Harry's emotional avalanche hits the Royal Family
'I saved my ID card and my dog': Israel expands demolitions of West Bank refugee homes
Five things you may have missed in Sycamore Gap trial
Nepo babies or superstars in waiting?
Politics Essential: Get the latest news and analysis delivered to your inbox every weekday
The songs that shaped Chappell Roan 
Your 'Couch to 5K' journey with Giovanna
Unmissable crime drama with Sean Bean
Bizarre crimes with brazen criminals
Copyright © 2025 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.