Home » Entertainment
Ariana Grande thinks she’d have “ended up in an insane asylum” if she hadn’t done so much preparation for ‘Wicked‘. The highly anticipated film adaptation has been one of Hollywood’s most challenging productions, with a budget exceeding $200 million.
The ‘Thank U, Next’ hitmaker portrays Glinda in the two-part adaptation of the beloved musical and she was determined to win the role on merit by pushing herself to the limit. The original Broadway production of ‘Wicked’ has grossed over $1.5 billion since its debut in 2003.
“There were so many reasons why I wanted to do this but I wanted to earn it,” she recently told Britain’s HELLO! Magazine. “Vocally it’s very different to what I usually sing, so I started training every single day with my vocal coach and my acting coach.”
“Whatever was asked, I wanted to be able to drop in and really become Glinda,” Grande continued. “I gave my everything to it and paused everything else – I really wanted it. I do think, though, if it hadn’t happened I might have ended up in an insane asylum. It’s a very different experience than anything else, for sure.” The role of Glinda was originally performed by Kristin Chenoweth, who won multiple awards for her portrayal.
The 31-year-old star felt an “immediate safety” when she met co-star Cynthia Erivo, who plays Elphaba, for the first time and their bond helped them both throughout filming. Erivo, a Tony Award winner, brings considerable stage experience to the production.
“We were at her house. We talked about everything and giggled,” she recalled of their first meeting. “I felt an immediate safety. And we made a pact to take care of each other. I was s******* my pants. But she’s the warmest human being.” Their chemistry has been praised by early test screening audiences.
“That promise that we made to each other and how we kept it is one of the things we’re proudest of,” Grande emphasized. “We have a lot of strange, similar, traumas and pains that we’ve been through. I’ve felt really isolated in mine because they’ve been somewhat specific. But playing a character that made me feel less alone, because they’re similar, is something I needed in my life.”
The film adaptation has been in development for over 15 years, with various directors and actors attached to the project throughout its journey to the screen. Jon M. Chu, known for ‘Crazy Rich Asians’, directs this version, bringing his distinct visual style to the magical world of Oz.
The production involved over 500 crew members and took nearly a year to film, with elaborate sets constructed across multiple sound stages. The costume department alone created more than 1,000 individual pieces for the ensemble cast and background performers.
Grande‘s dedication to the role included months of dance training, accent work, and studying the original musical’s source material. She spent over 200 hours in vocal preparation alone, working to adapt her pop singing style to the demands of musical theater.
The two-part format of the film follows a recent trend in Hollywood of splitting major adaptations, allowing for more detailed storytelling and character development. Part One is scheduled for release in November 2024, with Part Two following in 2025.
Industry experts predict the films could revolutionize the movie musical genre, combining traditional theatrical elements with modern filmmaking techniques. The production utilizes state-of-the-art visual effects and innovative camera techniques to bring the magical world to life.
The collaboration between Grande and Erivo represents a unique pairing of pop and theater talents, bridging different entertainment worlds. Their performances are already generating awards season buzz months before the film’s release.