Manage your account
Packing their bags!
After former President Donald Trump’s election victory over Vice President Kamala Harris, some of the biggest stars in Hollywood have threatened to leave the US.
America Ferrera is reportedly ready to pack her bags after Trump’s victory. The 40-year-old is allegedly looking to start a new life in the UK with her husband, Ryan Piers Williams, and their two children, son Sebastian, 6, and daughter Lucia, 4.
A source told Daily Mail that the “Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants” alum is in search of a better life for her kids.
“America is sick that Donald Trump is President again,” the insider claimed to the outlet. “She is devastated that Kamala lost. She thought the country she lived in was better than that.”
Sharon Stone echoed her fellow actress’s sentiments, stating it’s time for her to flee America.
“I am certainly considering a house in Italy,” Stone told the Daily Mail in July. “I think that’s an intelligent construct at this time. This is one of the first times in my life that I’ve actually seen anyone running for office on a platform of hate and oppression.”
Meanwhile, in a 2023 interview with the Guardian, Cher, 78, said she fell ill under Trump’s administration. “I almost got an ulcer the last time. If he gets in, who knows? This time I will leave [the country].”
“Game of Thrones” vet Sophie Turner also pledged to “get the f–k out” of America and move back to her home country of the United Kingdom if Trump were to step into power.
During Trump’s first run for the Oval Office in 2016, Raven-Symoné expressed on “The View” that if a Republican won the election, she would leave the country. Although she didn’t flee at that point in time, she has yet to reveal what the future holds for herself and wife Miranda Maday this time around.
Billie Eilish, 22, who endorsed Harris leading up to the election, took to her Instagram Stories to share a simple message to her followers after the results were in.
Eilish wrote, “It’s a war on women.”
Fellow singer Ariana Grande used her own platform to share her heartbreak over the election results.
“Holding the hand of every person who is feeling the immeasurable heaviness of the outcome today,” the 31-year-old penned.
Outrage also sparked on X, formerly Twitter.
Christina Applegate vented on the platform, revealing that her 13-year-old daughter Sadie had been “sobbing” over the result.
“Why? Give me your reasons why????? My child is sobbing because her rights as a woman may be taken away. Why? And if you disagree, please unfollow me,” Applegate wrote on Wednesday.
“Please unfollow me if you voted against female rights. Against disability rights. Yeah that,” she wrote in a follow-up post. “Unfollow me because what you did is unreal. Don’t want followers like this. So yeah. Done. Also after today I will be shutting down this fan account that I have had for so many years because this is sick.”
Cardi B had a message for those gloating on her timeline, too.
Donald Trump’s dominant 2024 election win was only a shock to the smug elites
Mike Johnson asks House colleagues to re-elect him to speakership post 
Follow the New York Post’s 2024 Election Live Updates
Bernie Sanders unleashes blistering takedown of Dem Party after Harris’ loss: ‘Abandoned working-class people’
Trump’s next step: Hiring ‘the best people,’ cabinet to execute his agenda
Kamala Harris tells supporters it’s ‘going to be OK’ after blowout election loss, casts herself as Democratic leader in defiant concession speech
“So listen,” she said in a video posted to X on Wednesday. “Imma let you know this right now, okay? So, you little trumpets, you won, I know you’re happy. Whatever the f–k. No one’s acting like bitter losers. However, you need to leave me the f–k alone because I got one more f–king cigarrete in me before I start lighting your ass up. Alright?”
Cardi, 31, added, “And that’s word to the United States of mother f–king America.”
The rapper, who spoke at Harris’ Wisconsin rally earlier this month, took a moment to praise the VP too.
“No need to nasty, y’all picked your winner…All we can do is be hopeful and wish the best,” she wrote. “Before Kamala joined the race, we knew how this country is set up and what was probably going to happen but it was so inspiring how she fought and changed so many minds, including mine.”
Trump, 78, won the Electoral vote by a total of 295 to 226. The popular vote came out to 72,765,347 for Trump and 68,114,042 for Harris.
After Trump’s win, he addressed the American people, stating in a powerful message, “This is a movement like nobody’s ever seen before and, frankly, this was, I believe, the greatest political movement of all time. There’s never been anything like this in this country, and maybe beyond. And now it’s going to reach a new level of importance because we’re going to help our country heal. We’re going to help our country heal.”
He added, “We have a country that needs help, and it needs help very badly. We’re going to fix our borders, we’re going to fix everything about our country and we’ve made history for a reason tonight, and the reason is going to be just that.”
Harris conceded the next day, sharing in a poignant speech, “”Let me say my heart is full today. My heart is full today, full of gratitude for the trust you have placed in me, full of love for our country, and full of resolve.”
She added, “The outcome of this election was not what we wanted, not what we fought for, not what we voted for, but hear me when I say the light of America’s promise will always burn bright as long as we never give up and as long as we keep fighting.”