American singer Lady Gaga has said it was her “supreme honour” to perform at the Paris Olympics opening ceremony.
The 38-year-old surprised viewers by singing in French during her performance on Friday evening, which saw her deliver a burlesque take on the French classic Mon Truc En Plume.
On X, formerly Twitter, she said: “I feel so completely grateful to have been asked to open the Paris @Olympics 2024 this year.
“I am also humbled to be asked by the Olympics organising committee to sing such a special French song—a song to honour the French people and their tremendous history of art, music, and theatre.
“This song was sung by Zizi Jeanmaire, born in Paris a French ballerina, she famously sang Mon Truc en Plumes in 1961.
“The title means ‘My Thing with Feathers’. And this is not the first time we’ve crossed paths.
“Zizi starred in Cole Porter’s musical Anything Goes which was my first jazz release.
“Although I am not a French artist, I have always felt a very special connection with French people and singing French music.
“I wanted nothing more than to create a performance that would warm the heart of France, celebrate French art and music, and on such a momentous occasion remind everyone of one of the most magical cities on earth – Paris.
“We rented pom poms from Le Lido archive – a real French cabaret theatre.
“We collaborated with Dior to create custom costumes, using naturally moulted feathers. I studied French choreography that put a modern twist on a French classic.
“I rehearsed tirelessly to study a joyful French dance, brushing up on some old skills – I bet you didn’t know I used to dance at a 60s French party on the lower east side when I was first starting out.
“I hope you love this performance as much as I do. And to everyone in France, thank you so much for welcoming me to your country to sing in honour of you – it’s a gift I’ll never forget.”
The singer congratulated the athletes who are competing and added that it was her “supreme honour” to sing for them.
On Friday evening, Lady Gaga emerged from a plume of pink feathers as she sang alongside a group of dancers while wearing a black bodice with a detachable black and pink ruffled skirt.
The singer, real name Stefani Germanotta, performed next to the River Seine, near the Notre Dame cathedral, during what is the first-ever opening ceremony to be staged outside a stadium.
As the ceremony moved down the river, it paid tribute to the country’s culture and history including Les Miserables, a popular novel by Victor Hugo, which has subsequently been turned into a musical.
Following a sequence paying homage to the historical epic, French heavy metal band Gojira performed at the Conciergerie, a former courthouse and prison in the city.
Among the other performers was French-Malian singer Aya Nakamura, who sang while dressed in a golden dress paired with gladiator boots and gold jewellery.
The celebrations were met with heavy rain with performers, including pianist Alexandre Kantorow, braving heavy showers during their performances.
A total of 85 boats carried the team delegations on a four-mile journey through the centre of Paris, with more than 300,000 spectators lining the banks of the river.
Get the latest news sent straight to your messages by joining our WhatsApp community today.
You'll receive daily updates on breaking news as well as the top headlines across Scotland.
No one will be able to see who is signed up and no one can send messages except the Daily Record team.
All you have to do is click here if you're on mobile, select 'Join Community' and you're in!
If you're on a desktop, simply scan the QR code above with your phone and click 'Join Community'.
We also treat our community members to special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners. If you don’t like our community, you can check out any time you like.
To leave our community click on the name at the top of your screen and choose 'exit group'.
If you’re curious, you can read our Privacy Notice.
Great Britain flagbearers Tom Daley and Helen Glover waved to the crowds as the British delegation sailed down the river while British prime minister Sir Keir Starmer was among those watching from the main stadium in the Jardins du Trocadero.
Celebrities including Wicked star Ariana Grande and and American singer Pharrell Williams appeared at a red carpet event prior to the ceremony.
Don't miss the latest news from around Scotland and beyond - Sign up to our daily newsletter here .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.