A star-studded crowd attended the return to the Olympics of Simone Biles, the most decorated athlete in the history of gymnastics.
Hollywood star Tom Cruise and Oscar-winning actress Jessica Chastain were among the high-profile fans seated in the packed Palais Omnisports Bercy Arena in Paris on Sunday.
Rapper Snoop Dogg had front-row seats, while film director Greta Gerwig, singers Ariana Grande and John Legend, and Vogue editor-in-chief Anna Wintour also attended Biles’ competition.
Snoop Dogg was in a party mood and danced during the team’s presentations.
Cruise was mobbed by fans and agreed to selfies, shaking a few hands.
Biles competed in the team’s qualifying alongside US teammates Jordan Chiles, Hezly Rivera, Sunisa Lee and Jade Carey.
It was her first competitive appearance in Paris, where she will try to add to her already impressive tally of seven Olympic medals.
Also in attendance were USA snowboarder Shaun White and his girlfriend Nina Dobrev.
Athletes across the Olympic spectrum have said they want to make it a point to watch the most decorated gymnast of all time in what could be the final competition of her unparalleled career.
They include LeBron James and the US men’s basketball team, which was busy with Olympic qualifying on Sunday.

                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.