Alabama’s contingent of “American Idol” hopefuls fared pretty well Sunday night as the show’s new “Idol Arena” format turned out to be just as much of a meat grinder as anyone might have predicted and more of a mess than anyone might have wanted.
At the start of the show, the field of 143 included three singers who’d gotten Platinum Tickets during auditions, meaning they weren’t at risk this round. Abi Carter, Odell Bunton Jr. and Julia Gagnon put in an appearance, but didn’t have to sweat the “biggest cut in ‘Idol’ history.”
That left 140 candidates with one shot, just a few precious moments on stage, for each to make their case before around 80 of them were cut. Was a single two-hour episode enough to give a real sense of the field? Not by a long shot. Did the show’s producers opt to spend some of that precious time on repetitive backstory rather than performances? Yes, they did. The upshot was an episode that basically felt like another round of auditions, and one that was wasting a lot of talent.
There were some potential star-making performances, notably Ajii’s blazing rendition of the Lynyrd Skynyrd classic “Simple Man” and KB Richen’s heart-wrenching take on Jessie Murph’s “How Could You.” And there was at least one head-scratcher that “Idol” fans will be talking about for years, in Madai Chakell’s combative quadruple-take on Ariana Grande’s “Tattooed Heart.” Let’s just say that she and Luke Bryan weren’t very impressed with each other.
And there was a very rushed elimination at the end that left us without a definitive list of who made it through and who didn’t. The dust might not settle for just a minute: The carnage continues Monday night, when a “Showstoppers” round drops the roster to 24 finalists.
Among the singers representing Alabama, here’s who made an impression on Sunday and who didn’t:
Triston Harper of McIntosh, Ala., is shown during the "Idol Arena" episode of "American Idol" (Disney/Eric McCandless)Disney
Triston Harper: The kid from McIntosh was the first singer called to the Arena stage, and he crushed it. Singing an original song called “Wrapped Up in Jesus,” the 15-year-old once again showed adult confidence and a barrel-chested voice tailor-made for country music. Harper clearly has an affinity for the bygone era when rock, rockabilly and country weren’t all that far apart, and someone like Elvis could tap all three in the same song – with a little gospel thrown in, to boot. Harper advanced.
Mia and Jacy Matthews: The sisters from Centre got a good bit of screen time, as the show played up the dramatic possibility that this might be a fork in the road for them. And it was. Younger sister Jacy didn’t make the cut, while Mia, 19, did. It was bittersweet for her. “She’s my best friend,” said Mia. “I don’t know how to do this without her.”
K-Blocks: This 27-year-old from Montgomery wasn’t shown during the audition episodes, but made up for it here with a dynamic take on Amy Winehouse’s “Valerie” that had the judges on their feet. “When you look at a star, they’re just so interesting to watch,” said Katy Perry, who added, “I just want to have more fun with you.” Said Lionel Richie: “She’s so adorable.” K-Blocks advanced.
Justice Murphy: The Alabama State University student was featured during a montage, looking fierce as she made the most of the moment with “I’m Here” from “The Color Purple.” “We have to have an emergency meeting of the ABC network” said Richie, complaining about the difficulty of whittling down the field. Murphy was among the candidates chosen to advance. USA Today said she and Harper were among those who “thrived in the spotlight.”
Dawson Slade: The 17-year-old from Moulton didn’t get a spotlight moment in Sunday’s episode; his fate remains uncertain.
Ty’Esha Lashay: The Monroeville native wasn’t shown singing on Sunday. But she could be seen among a group picked to proceed to the next round.
Brant McCullough: The high-schooler from Samson also wasn’t featured. One way or another, we should know more by the end of Monday’s episode.
“American Idol” airs Sundays and Mondays on ABC. The day after new episodes premiered, they become available for streaming on Hulu.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices