By CLAUDIA SMITH FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  07:01, 16 April 2024   |  Updated:  07:01, 16 April 2024   
 3
View  comments
Reba McEntire used the last steal of the Knockouts round to save Jackie Romeo on Monday's two-hour episode of The Voice on NBC.
Jackie, 20, of Massapequa, New York, performed the Rihanna song Love On The Brain and was saying her final goodbyes after losing her round and was walking off the set when Reba, 68, surprised her by pressing her button to steal her.
The move shocked Jackie and Reba got up to hug her.
'Jackie could sing country, Jackie could sing anything she wants because she's that strong of a singer,' Reba said.
Jackie started crying and Reba said that she hoped she was having fun.
Reba McEntire used the last steal of the Knockouts round to save Jackie Romeo on Monday's two-hour episode of The Voice on NBC
'Absolutely,' Jackie said.
Jackie had just lost the round to Zoe Levert, 20, a singer/songwriter from New Orleans, who sang Cowboy Take Me Away by the Dixie Chicks.
'She was a one chair turn in the blinds, but she keeps rising to the occasion and we are watching her blossom,' John Legend, 45, said of Zoe after naming her as the winner.
'You remind me so much of Taylor Swift,' Shay Mooney, 32, of Dan + Shay said to Zoe.
'Jackie you've got a wonderful voice,' Reba said. 'Zoe I love your tone and I love the runs there are so effortless.'
'Zoe you just have that amazing control of pitch, I think you are going to be a star,' Chance the Rapper, 30, said. 'Jackie you absolutely sang the mess out of that song. I just have a new understanding and respect for that song.'
The two-hour show opened with Team Chance's contestants Maddi Jane, 25, from Chicago, who wowed the coaches singing New Rules by Dua Lipa, and Kamalei Kamalei Kawa'a, 27, from Maui, who made the brave move to sing John's hit song All Of Me in front of him.
Kamalei said he picked the song because it was the first song he sang for his wife.
Jackie, 20, of Massapequa, New York, performed the Rihanna song Love On The Brain
The two-hour show opened with Team Chance's contestants Maddi Jane, 25, from Chicago, who wowed the coaches singing New Rules by Dua Lipa
Kamalei Kawa'a, 27, from Maui, who made the brave move to sing John's hit song All Of Me in front of him
Keith Urban, 56, who joined the show as the mega mentor, urged Kamalei in rehearsals to pull him in and sing a little more tenderly.
'Kamalei thank you for singing my song,' John said. 'One of the things that I'm known for on this show is that I'm a bit tough on people covering my songs, but I was really into your version. It was beautiful.'
'Kamalei your voice just makes me feel good, kind of like when I go to Hawaii,' Reba said. 'Your people are so warm and welcoming, and you brought that.'
'Maddi you have such confidence and attitude on stage but then you also have the vocal talent to back it up,' Chance said.
Chance ultimately picked Maddi as the winner.
'Maddi really showcased her superstar power,' Chance said.
Kamalei was crying saying his goodbyes when Reba and John hit their steal buttons. Reba told him that he touched her heart while dabbing tears from her eyes. Kamalei picked John as his new coach.
'I had to push for him,' John said. 'He came to Team Legend.'
Both singers advanced after Maddi won and Kamalei was stolen by John Legend
Team Legend's Gene Taylor, 34, from Vernon, New Jersey, added his own twist to Aerosmith's classic hit I Don't Want To Miss A Thing. He told Keith that he sees himself in a rock band. John urged him to 'dirty it up a little bit' because he sounded too proper in rehearsal.
Mafe, also on Team Legend, gave an emotional rendition of Ariana Grande's Almost Never Enough. She said she wanted to model her career after Ariana.
'Gosh you got a good voice,' Keith told Mafe.
The judges gushed afterward about their performances.
'Gene, I'll start with you, you put your own personality and style into a great Aerosmith song,' Reba said. 'Steven Tyler would be proud.'
Chance said that he felt connected to Mafe's singing. Shay told Gene that he had one of the best voices.
John picked Mafe as the winner of the round.
'I love Mafe,' John said. 'Her tone is so beautiful. Her energy is so warm and calm and it's just really special.'
Team Legend's Gene Taylor, 34, from Vernon, New Jersey, added his own twist to Aerosmith's classic hit I Don't Want To Miss A Thing, while Mafe gave an emotional rendition of Ariana Grande's Almost Never Enough
John picked Mafe as the winner of the round
Karen Waldrup, 37, from Mandeville, Louisiana, on Team Dan + Shay was shocked when she walked into rehearsal and saw Keith. She told him she had just been to one of his shows. Karen, in a sequined fringed jean shorts outfit, gave an emotional performance of Trisha Yearwood's Georgia Rain.
'You've got such a great voice,' Keith said.
Ducote Talmage, 20, a firefighter from Auburn, Alabama, put his all into singing the Luke Combs song She Got The Best Of Me.
'Ducote, I love that cool rasp in your voice,' John said. 'And Karen, my lord, that was beautiful.'
'Karen you stayed in the moment the whole song,' Reba said. 'I just loved your performance of it.'
Dan + Shay picked Karen as the winner of the round.
'What a performance,' Dan said. 'You are such a star.'
Dan + Shay picked Karen as the winner of the round
Team Reba's duo of 17-year-old twins Jeremy and Justin Garcia from Millbrae, California, piled on the harmonies while belting out You Are the Reason by Calum Scott.
Zeya Rae, 23, from Stockton, Georgia, from Team Reba, picked River by Bishop Briggs. She said her mother was her inspiration for raising her as a single parent. Keith encouraged her to make sure to tell a story when she was singing.
'You gave a bad a** performance,' Chance said to Zeya.
Chance told the twins that they were technically talented. John also urged them to be a little bit more in sync with each other.
Reba picked Justin and Jeremy as the winners of the round. They were shocked when they heard the news and hugged each other.
'It was a hard decision because Zeya is so good, but I had to choose Justin and Jeremy because of the uniqueness of their act,' Reba said. 'Everybody's great singers but we have to have something a little different.'
Reba picked Justin and Jeremy as the winners of the round
On Team Chance, Alyssa Crosby, 32, from Binghamton, New York, gave an emotional performance of Elton John's I Guess That's Why They Call It The Blues. Keith encouraged her to stay in the moments of the song.
Rletto, 27, from Orlando, Florida, on Team Chance, performed Justin Bieber and Kid Laroi's hit Stay. Keith told him to make the song a 'real ballad.'
'There is a lot of pressure going into a lot of these knockout rounds,' Keith said. 'I'm really feeling for all the artists. There is this incredible balancing act of being calm, centered, but energized that every one of them got to stick because it's do or die.'
'Man that was such a great performance by both of you guys,' Dan said. 'Alyssa, your technique is just insane. Elton's not an easy singer but you absolutely crushed it.'
On Team Chance, Alyssa Crosby, 32, from Binghamton, New York, gave an emotional performance of Elton John's I Guess That's Why They Call It The Blues, while Rletto, 27, from Orlando, Florida, performed Justin Bieber and Kid Laroi's hit Stay
Rletto was named as the winner and advanced to the Playoffs
'This is one of the best knockout performances of the day,' Shay said.
'You could put on a master class on what it means to perform,' Shay said to Rletto. 'Because you brought me into that performance and I believe every word that you sang.'
Chance picked Rletto as the winner of the round.
'I had to go with Rletto,' Chance said. 'He's just a world class talent.'
The Voice will return Monday on NBC with the premiere of the Playoffs stage.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group