Grande and Cynthia Erivo spoke about queerness in "Wicked" during a new interview.
 Ariana Grande is defying gravity and expectations when it comes to Glinda, the character she and Kristin Chenoweth helped bring to life in stage and screen adaptations of the beloved musical Wicked.

 In a new interview, Grande and big-screen Elphaba actress Cynthia Erivo — who is queer — discussed how director Jon M. Chu's adaptation brings out an element of queerness in the age-old story.

 Grande told the Gay Times that she felt Glinda "might be a little in the closet" with regard to her feelings for Elphaba, after earlier expressing that the iconic Wizard of Oz characters provide a "truth and such a safe space for one another" that is important in all relationships "whether it’s romantic or platonic."

Universal Pictures; Steve Granitz/FilmMagic
 Chenoweth, who originated the role of Glinda in Wicked on Broadway, commented on an Instagram post highlighting Grande's quote, confirming that she, too, felt that Glinda might be queer. "I thought so too way back when…." she wrote.

 Elsewhere in the interview, Grande speculated on the future of "Gelphie," the fan-given relationship name for the pair, in media: "You never know, give it a little more time. It is just a true love, and I think that transcends sexuality," she said.

 Erivo additionally observed that Elphaba and Glinda have a unique bond that transcends classification.

 Want more movie news? Sign up for Entertainment Weekly's free newsletter to get the latest trailers, celebrity interviews, film reviews, and more.

 “I think Elphie is… She’s goes wherever the wind goes. I think she loves Glinda, I think she loves love. And I don’t think there’s anything wrong with celebrating the deep connection the both of them have,” the Oscar nominee said. "They do have a real relationship. It is true love, which is probably why people are shipping it. What they build with each other is an unbreakable bond and love."

 Regardless of where the characters stand, one thing is certain: Wicked is poised to be one of the biggest commercial and critical successes of the season, with Oscar buzz already building for the project — particularly for Grande's performance.

 In a recent interview with Entertainment Weekly, Chu said that Grande and Erivo had fittingly explosive chemistry on set.

 "There's something in the alchemy of Wicked, you can talk to any cast about this, the Elphabas and Glindas are always very different and yet they share a similar power in a way," he said. "So I trusted that that alchemy would work here, and it worked in spades."

 Wicked is now playing in theaters nationwide, with the second portion of the two-part blockbuster adaptation set for release next year. Watch Grande and Erivo discuss their characters in the video above.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)