This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      
Who is Ariana Grande? Here are some facts
Toy company Mattel has some explaining to do, after dolls created in partnership with the new Universal Pictures movie, "Wicked," were released in packaging that includes the web address for a pornographic website.
The dolls, direct replications of the actors who star in the movie, are special edition items released ahead of the movie's premiere on November 22.
Fox News Digital can confirm that the address for a website other than the film's current website, wickedmovie.com. is printed on the back of the packaging for more than one toy. 
The address found on the back of the doll box directs to a page that requires people to be 18 years or older to enter. The dolls, being sold at retailers like Target, Kohls and Amazon, advertise that the toy is acceptable for children over the age of four, but is a choking hazard for those under 3 years of age.
‘WICKED’ DIRECTOR SHARES FIRST LOOK AT ARIANA GRANDE AND CYNTHIA ERIVO'S CHARACTERS
Mattel doll of Glinda from "Wicked," depicted by Ariana Grande. (Mattel )
In a statement given to Fox News Digital, Mattel expressed their regret for what they called an "unfortunate error."
"Mattel was made aware of a misprint on the packaging of the Mattel Wicked collection dolls, primarily sold in the U.S., which intended to direct consumers to the official WickedMovie.com landing page. We deeply regret this unfortunate error and are taking immediate action to remedy this. Parents are advised that the misprinted, incorrect website is not appropriate for children. Consumers who already have the product are advised to discard the product packaging or obscure the link and may contact Mattel Customer Service for further information."
LIKE WHAT YOU’RE READING? CLICK HERE FOR MORE ENTERTAINMENT NEWS
Packaging of the Mattel doll Fiyero shows an adult website printed on the back. (Mattel/Fox News Digital)
Other "Wicked" inspired toys, manufactured by Lego and Funko, do not include the adult site's address.
Users on social media were horrified by the gaffe, writing posts on X including, "Thats an insane oversight, someone getting fired lol," and, "whoever did this needs to be fired immediately cuz why would they do that knowing that it’s mostly kids buying these dolls."
A Funko ‘Pop!’ doll depicting Glinda from the movie "Wicked" (L) and a Lego toy depicting the Emerald City from "Wicked" (Fox News Digital)
CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR THE ENTERTAINMENT NEWSLETTER
This weekend in Los Angeles, stars from the franchise, both past and present, showed up to the "Wicked" premiere. The film, fronted by Ariana Grande (Glinda) and Cynthia Erivo (Elphaba), is generating buzz for its cinematography. 
Cynthia Erivo and Ariana Grande appear at the Los Angeles premiere of "Wicked." (Axelle/Bauer-Griffin/FilmMagic/Getty Images)
Kristin Chenoweth and Idina Menzel, both of whom played the roles of Glinda and Elphaba, respectively, on Broadway, showed up in support of the film and took pictures with the movie's two leading ladies.
Idina Menzel and Kristin Chenoweth pose on the carpet with Cyntiha Erivo and Ariana Grande. (Amy Sussman/Getty Images)
CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP
Additional Hollywood stars like Jennifer Lopez, Sheryl Lee Ralph and Sarah Paulson also attended the event.
Hollywood's A-list showed up at the Los Angeles premiere. (VALERIE MACON/AFP via Getty Images/Axelle/Bauer-Griffin/FilmMagic/Getty Images/Gilbert Flores/Variety via Getty Images)
Caroline Thayer is an entertainment writer. Follow Caroline Thayer on Twitter at @carolinejthayer and LinkedIn. Story tips can be sent to caroline.thayer@fox.com.
Get a daily look at the top news in music, movies, television and more in the entertainment industry.
By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use, and
        agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can
        opt-out at any time.
Subscribed

      You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!
    

        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by
        Factset. Powered and implemented by
        FactSet Digital Solutions.
        Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by
        Refinitiv Lipper.