The singer's sophomore record debuted at No. 1 on the Billboard 200.

													By
												

	Hannah Dailey


Ariana Grande is giving her fans everything in honor of her sophomore album’s 10-year anniversary.

	On Thursday (Aug. 22), the pop star commemorated a decade of My Everything by sharing new vinyl and digital deluxe editions of her 2014 era, a year that found her dominating the Billboard Hot 100 top 10 with hits such as “Break Free,” “Love Me Harder” with The Weeknd and “Problem” featuring Iggy Azalea. The pink-tinted vinyl, which is available for preorder on Grande’s website, features the original set’s track list plus songs that were previously never made available in the format: “Bang Bang,” “Only 1,” “You Don’t Know Me,” “Cadillac Song” and “Too Close.”

	The Grammy winner also unveiled a brand new digital deluxe edition of My Everything including “Too Close” and “Cadillac Song,” marking the first time those bonus tracks have ever been available for streaming. The celebration continues next week, with Grande planning to release a limited 7″ vinyl bundle featuring “Problem,” “Break Free,” “Love Me Harder” and “One Last Time” on Monday (Aug. 26), followed by a digital bundle with a capella and instrumental versions of those same singles as well as “Bang Bang” on Tuesday (Aug. 27).

	










	Plus, the star released a new line of anniversary merch on her website, complete with pastel pink, lavendar and black shirts, sweatshirts and sweatpants.




			Trending on Billboard		






	By the time Grande released My Everything in 2014, opening at No. 1 on the Billboard 200, she was already a full-fledged pop superstar thanks to her debut record, Yours Truly. The latter LP celebrated its 10th anniversary last year, which the Florida native commemorated by releasing filmed live performances of “Honeymoon Avenue,” “Daydreamin,’” “Baby I,” “Tattooed Heart” and “Right There.” She also engaged with fans through Q&As on social media, as well as dropped an extended anniversary edition of the album.

	Eleven years ago, Yours Truly also debuted at No. 1 on the albums chart, but Grande told Billboard in 2014 that she allowed herself to celebrate for only about an hour before immediately getting back to work on the project that would become My Everything. “I’m a workaholic, and a perfectionist,” she said at the time. “I never thought I’d be able to say this, but I love this [album] five times as much as I love Yours Truly. They’re different, but I love this one so much more.”

	Stream the 10th anniversary edition of My Everything below:

	









Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.