By ELEANOR DYE FOR MAILONLINE  
 Published:  18:24, 7 January 2024   |  Updated:  18:30, 7 January 2024   
 7
View  comments
Paramore are reportedly the latest band to decide to record their early music. 
The US group - fronted by Hayley Williams and also consisting of guitarist Taylor York and drummer Zac Farro - formed in Tennessee in 2004. 
The Still Into You band were signed to Atlantic Records for 20 years but are now free artists after their contract came to an end. 
They are said to have fallen out with their old management and are reportedly set to re-record with Hayley's own publishing company, But Father, I Just Want To Sing Music.  
Hayley, 35, is also a long-term pal of Taylor Swift, who has famously decided to re-record her music catalogue. 
Paramore are reportedly the latest band to decide to record their early music. L to R: Taylor York, Hayley Williams, Zac Farro
The move is thought to be inspired by Taylor Swift, who has famously recorded her own music 
A source told The Sun: 'All they want is ownership of their music. 
'Taylor is really supportive to them behind the scenes and is always available to give them advice. She's their biggest cheerleader. 
'There's likely to be more bands and artists who re-record their music in years to come to regain rights.' 
On December 27, fans had begun to worry when Paramore's social media accounts were emptied of posts. 
They also announced last week that they had dropped out of the ALTer Ego Festival in California on January 13. 
However the latest news shows the band are still as active as ever as they prepare to support Taylor on the European leg of the record-breaking Eras tour. 
Taylor even gave Hayley a feature on her own re-recorded version of Speak Now on the Castles Crumbling 'vault' track - which are songs she wrote at the time of the original album but never released.
Taylor decided to re-record her music to regain ownership of her songs after Scooter Braun's company bought the master recordings of her first six albums in 2019.  
On December 27, fans had begun to worry when Paramore's social media accounts were emptied of posts
The superstar's album re-recordings - which so far include Fearless, Speak Now, Red and 1989 - have attracted much attention worldwide, with many seeing it as a powerful declaration against bosses in the music industry. 
Her latest release in October was 1989, which featured five brand-new tracks. 
The 2014 album, which originally featured 13 songs on the standard version and 16 songs on the deluxe edition, includes her hit singles Shake It Off and Blank Space among others. 
Back in 2019 Taylor took to her Tumblr to reveal 'bully' Scooter Braun - who is the manager of Justin Bieber, Ariana Grande and many more - acquired the label she was previously at - Big Machine Records. 
His company Ithaca Holdings LLC bought Big Machine Label Group for a reported $300 million.
The deal included the master recordings of all six of her albums - all of her previous music and her legacy.
On her Tumblr post, Taylor slammed Scooter as well as Big Machine Label Group CEO Scott Borchetta and revealed she was not offered the opportunity to buy her own masters and that the former bullied her for years. 
Other artists who have rerecorded music include Blondie, who revisited their 1981 album Best Of Blondie in 2014, under the new name Ghosts Of Download. 
MailOnline has reached out to representatives for Hayley Williams for comment.  
Taylor's latest re-recorded album was 1989 in October 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group