Lima Abdullah is a Newsweek Politics Editor based in Washington D.C. Her focus is reporting on U.S. politics and policy and the impact on society. She has extensive experience managing digital and broadcast coverage of, editing, and reporting on the federal government--including investigative work-- and election-year political campaigns. Limah has also received an Edward R. Murrow award for team coverage, among other honors. You can get in touch with her by emailing h.abdullah@newsweek.com .
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
Vice President Kamala Harris and former President Barack Obama lit up the stage in a celebrity-packed event in the swing state of Georgia as Harris embarks on the final stretch of the campaign.
Rock legend Bruce Springsteen performed "The Promised Land," "Land of Hope and Dreams," and "Dancing in the Dark."
Other celebrities who showed up to stump for Harris included the actor Samuel L. Jackson, director Spike Lee, filmmaker and actor Tyler Perry, and DJ Mix Master David.
"Music is a very effective shorthand for making connections with perspective voters and certain constituencies without having to say certain things," Loren Kajikawa, music program chairman of the music program at The George Washington University's Corcoran School of the Arts & Design told Newsweek via phone on Tuesday. "You can tap into certain attitudes and feelings embedded in the music. It can be a way of saying 'I am like you, because we share this music together.' It can also be a way of sharing presidential identity."
Trump and Harris both have eclectic musical selections on the trail and such selections reflect how they have appeal to varied constituencies, Kajikawa said.
The Harris campaign's other musical guests  have included Megan Thee Stallion, Lizzo, Usher, Lil Jon, Maren Morris, Quavo, Lance Bass, and Stevie Wonder.
She has been endorsed by Taylor Swift, Cher, John Legend, Stevie Nicks, Olivia Rodrigo, Neil Young, Willie Nelson, Moby, Lil Nas X, Katy Perry, Kesha, Jon Bon Jovi, James Taylor, Charli XCX, Billie Eilish, Bon Iver, Ariana Grande, Barbra Streisand, and Cardi B.
Musicians supporting Trump include Jason Aldean, Kid Rock, Kanye West, Sexyy Red, Anuel AA, Justin Quiles, Azealia Banks, Billy Ray Cyrus, DaBaby, Waka Flocka, Lil Pump, M.I.A., Kodak Black, according to Billboard Magazine.
Beyoncé will join Vice President Kamala Harris in the singer's hometown of Houston on Friday. Though she hasn't officially endorsed a presidential candidate, she did allow Harris to use her song "Freedom" as a campaign anthem.
"Beyonce is a smart choice, connects her to another strong Black woman with a large fan base," Kajikawa previously told Newsweek, adding that Freedom is a shrewd selection. "It's liked by millennial and Gen Z fan base who she needs to show up."
Harris used Thursday's rally in Georgia to highlight her central theme of embracing "joy" and opposing Trump, who she says embraces "fear."
Indeed, her rally stood in sharp contrast to Trump's rally in Arizona earlier in the day, during which he painted a dismal picture of illegal immigration and what he refers to as "migrant crime."
"We're like a garbage can for the world," he said, and later added: "The United States now is an occupied country. But it will soon be an occupied country no longer. November 5 will be called liberation day in America."
Newsweek is committed to journalism that's factual and fair.
Hold us accountable and submit your rating of this article on the meter. 
Newsweek is committed to journalism that's factual and fair.
Hold us accountable and submit your rating of this article on the meter. 
Lima Abdullah is a Newsweek Politics Editor based in Washington D.C. Her focus is reporting on U.S. politics and policy and the impact on society. She has extensive experience managing digital and broadcast coverage of, editing, and reporting on the federal government--including investigative work-- and election-year political campaigns. Limah has also received an Edward R. Murrow award for team coverage, among other honors. You can get in touch with her by emailing h.abdullah@newsweek.com .
Lima Abdullah is a Newsweek Politics Editor based in Washington D.C. Her focus is reporting on U.S. politics and policy and the impact on society. She has extensive experience managing digital and broadcast coverage of, editing, and reporting on the federal government--including investigative work-- and election-year political campaigns. Limah has also received an Edward R. Murrow award for team coverage, among other honors. You can get in touch with her by emailing h.abdullah@newsweek.com .
Lima Abdullah is a Newsweek Politics Editor based in Washington D.C. Her focus is reporting on U.S. politics and policy                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC