By HEIDI PARKER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  22:56, 14 February 2024   |  Updated:  23:56, 14 February 2024   
 120
View  comments
Kim Kardashian was accused of having one of the most boring VIP Super Bowl boxes when in the Allegiant Stadium in Las Vegas on Sunday.
But everyone was wrong.
Turns out her $1M box was a hot zone for love as her new boyfriend was tucked away in the back minding his own business as Kim chit-chatted with her sister Khloe Kardashian and pal Lala Anthony.
Upon closer inspection of one of the many images taken on game day - when the Kansas City Chiefs beat the San Francisco 49ers - it has been discovered that Odell was hiding out in the box filled with A-listers.
The Baltimore ravens football player could be seen in the back row of the large box as he glanced down at his cell phone.
He is not looking at the camera so it is hard to tell it was him, but it indeed was.
In front of him were Kim and her sisters Khloe Kardashian and Kendall Jenner, as well as Justin Bieber and his supermodel wife Hailey Bieber, Denver Bronco's quarterback Russell Wilson and his singer wife Ciara, Anthony and model Winnie Harlow.
Kim Kardashian was accused of having one of the most boring VIP Super Bowl boxes when in the in the Allegiant Stadium in Las Vegas on Sunday. But everyone was wrong. Do you see her new boyfriend Odell Beckham Jr in the back?
Odell was way in the back row hiding behind three sods. He had on a black cap and his head was down. Kim was in the front row with a black cap on as well
The SKKN owner was also seen in the company of Odell when arriving back to her hotel suite inside the Wynn Tower Suites in Las Vegas on February 10 as seen in photos obtained by DailyMail.com. 
The reality TV star, 43, and the football player, 31, have been happily dating for five months, but are being careful to stay under the radar so as not to invite judgment, UsWeekly reported last week.
'Odell's personality is much more private than Kardashian's,' a source told the site. 
The athlete is more 'low key,' it was shared, and he doesn't want to be headline news like she was with Kanye West, Kris Humphries as well as Reggie Bush, and, more recently, Pete Davidson.
Now the SKIMS founder and the football wide receiver are 'trying to figure out the next steps' to their romance.
It seems to be an odd connection as her younger sister Khloe reportedly dated Odell briefly in 2016. Odell has also worked with Kim's younger half sister Kendall Jenner for the Moon toothpaste campaign in 2021. 
Kim and Odell were also together in Los Angeles in early February.
They were at the same pre-Grammy party with TMZ claiming there was talk they were amorous. 
The star-studded pre-Grammy bash was thrown by Jay-Z at the exclusive Bird Streets club and also saw other celebrity attendees including Lil Uzi Vert as well as Kris Jenner's boyfriend Corey Gamble.
This was a first sighting of Kim and Odell arriving back to her hotel suite inside Wynn Tower Suites in Las Vegas on February 10
Beckham Jr attended Michael Rubin's 2024 Fanatics Super Bowl Party at the Marquee Nightclub at The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas earlier on February 10
Odell has known Kim's family for years; he already did a Moon ad in 2021 with Kendall Jenner, who was also in the SB box
'Odell's personality is much more private than Kardashian's,' a source told the site. The athlete is more 'low key,' it was shared and he doesn't want to be headline news like she was with Kanye West, Kris Humphries and Reggie Bush, and, more recently, Pete Davidson
A source told DailyMail.com that Kim is being careful with her Odell relationship.
But she wants to keep mum as speculation of their romance continue. 'Kim wants to keep her romantic life as private as she can right now,' an insider told DailyMail.com. 
On Monday Kim was accused of having a very dull box at the Super Bowl. 
While Kim looked at her cell phone with her head down, foe Taylor Swift pumped her arms in the air as she cheered on her Kansas City Chiefs boyfriend Travis Kelce.
Both boxes were sprinkled with VIP names (and Kim had even bigger names around her than Taylor did), but the temperature was a big contrast. 
There even appeared to be a guy asleep in his seat in Kim's camp. 
But there was plenty going on in that box, it turns out, as her new love interest was there all along.
Kim and Taylor have a negative history that includes Kim's ex-husband Kanye West so a comparison on their two boxes was inevitable.
Kim was seen left and her foe Taylor Swift right 
In Taylor's box was Blake Lively, singers Ice Spice and Lana Del Rey, and Top Gun: Maverick actor Miles Teller with model wife Keleigh Teller. A bonus buddy: Emma Stone's stylist pal Ashley Avignone
In Kim's box were her two sisters Khloeand Kendall. That is a lot of star power right there.
And the Keeping Up With the Kardashian's vet also had buddy Justin Bieber and his supermodel wife Hailey Bieber.
Also seen were Wilson and his singer wife Ciara who sat one row back from Kim.
Reality TV star Anthony - who used to be married to basketball star Carmelo Anthony - was also spied as she sat next to Kim then said hello to Ciara.
Harlow was also spied as she looked at her cell phone and didn't seem to chat much to anyone. 
In Taylor's box was movie and TV star Blake Lively, who is married to Deadpool actor Ryan Reynolds. 
Also present were singers Ice Spice, Lana Del Rey and RIOTUSA, and Top Gun: Maverick actor Miles Teller with model wife Keleigh Teller. 
A bonus buddy: Emma Stone's stylist pal Ashley Avignone.
There are a lot of factors to weigh in: Kim is much older at 43, is a busy reality TV star and SKIMS mogul and mom of four, and has already been to several football games in the past (she used to date Reggie Bush, after all).
Kim was more interested in her phone than the game as she sat next to La La Anthony and Khloe Kardashian
There were not a ton of smiles, but there was plenty of pouting and puckering up for the camera
Supermodel Kendall Jenner looked like she could have used a Red Bull
Hailey Bieber rested her head on the back of her seat that was marked Justin Bieber
Hailey texted away as Justin appeared to be in deep meditation
Also seen were Denver Bronco's quarterback Russell Wilson, who was on his phone, and his singer wife Ciara, who held on to her phone
This man looked as if he was taking a nap. Not far behind him was Odell
Model Winnie Harlow maybe was playing Candy Crush; Khloe is seen at bottom
Taylor is 34 and fresh at all of this, plus she is romancing one of the key players on the field so she was very invested in the game.
The Kansas City Chiefs ultimately beat out the slight favorite San Francisco 49ers, 25-22, as Patrick Mahomes threw a three-yard game-winning touchdown pass to Mecole Hardman in overtime. 
Kim and Taylor have a past.
Swift slammed Kim for 'taking her down psychologically' during her 2023 TIME Magazine's Person of the Year interview. Taylor revealed details about the dispute that originated when Kim's then-husband, Kanye West, incorporated explicit lyrics about the emerging star in a 2016 song.
Kanye asserted that Taylor had given her consent for the reference. However, after Taylor denied it, Kim intervened by releasing what the popstar referred to as 'an illegally recorded phone call' between them, aiming to prove otherwise.
Taylor expressed that the resulting public fallout felt like 'a career death,' emphasizing, 'Make no mistake—my career was taken away from me.'
Reflecting on the aftermath and the severe toll it took on her well-being, Taylor shared with the outlet, 'You have a fully manufactured frame job, in an illegally recorded phone call, which Kim Kardashian edited and then put out to say to everyone that I was a liar.
'That took me down psychologically to a place I've never been before. I moved to a foreign country. I didn't leave a rental house for a year. I was afraid to get on phone calls.'
'I pushed away most people in my life because I didn't trust anyone anymore. I went down really, really hard.'
The conflict between Taylor, Kim, and Kanye began surfacing as early as 2009, unexpectedly emerging when the then 19-year-old Taylor received the Best Female Video award for You Belong with Me at the MTV Video Music Awards. Out of nowhere, during her acceptance speech, Kanye abruptly stormed onto the stage, wrestled the microphone from her hands, and declared, 'Yo, Taylor, I'm really happy for you, and Imma let you finish, but Beyoncé had one of the best videos of all time. One of the absolute best!'
In an attempt to ease the awkwardness, Beyoncé later invited Taylor on stage when she won Video of the Year for Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It), graciously providing the country music star with a moment in the spotlight.
However, the tension persisted when the father-of-four once again embarrassed the star at the 2015 VMAs. It seemed like the two were getting along, as Kanye quipped, 'You know how many times they announced Taylor was going to give me the award 'cause it got them more ratings?'
However, Taylor later revealed his statement bothered her, as he publicly suggested it was for ratings, while privately asking her to join him on stage because it would 'mean so much.' Taylor later told Rolling Stone: 'I'm standing in the audience with my arm around his wife, and this chill ran through my body. I realized he is so two-faced. That he wants to be nice to me behind the scenes, but then he wants to look cool, get up in front of everyone and talk s**t. And I was so upset.'
In recent months Taylor has been getting more headlines than the games themselves as she has flown across the country supporting her man at his matches. 
With every game she attends, fans' eyes have been firmly glued on her reactions from her suite and of those who have been celebrating around her. 
For the biggest night in American football, a host of celebrities descended upon the Vegas arena, including the likes of Lady Gaga and Ariana Grande.
Yet not everyone made it into Taylor's suite, with Beyonce - who is part of Taylor's squad - opting to watch the game in a separate box alongside husband Jay-Z and their daughter Blue Ivy. 
Also with them was the former Twitter boss Jack Dorsey. 
Says a lot about their relationship when he&rsquor...

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group