By ADAM S. LEVY FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  02:44, 18 April 2024   |  Updated:  04:45, 18 April 2024   
 12
View  comments
Ariana Grande was pictured with her beau and Wicked co-star Ethan Slater in a shot she posted to Instagram Wednesday, among a carousel of photos on the site.
The thank u, next singer, 30, posted a series of emojis and characters to caption the series of shots, which included one in which she walked alongside Slater, 31, and fellow Wicked star Jonathan Bailey, 35.
The black-and-white photo was a shot of the trio of actors from behind as they promoted upcoming two-part musical movie, a prequel to The Wizard of Oz, in Las Vegas last week.  
Grande's romance with Slater, which commenced last July, has fallen under some scrutiny, as he filed for divorce from his wife Lilly Jay last summer after five years of marriage, as the former couple share a one-year-old son.
Grande has past been involved in high-profile relationships with SNL alum Pete Davidson, rapper Big Sean and late rapper Mac Miller.
Ariana Grande, 30, was pictured with her beau and Wicked co-star Ethan Slater, 31, in a shot she posted to Instagram Wednesday among a carousel of photos on the site. Also seen in the shot was Wicked actor Jonathan Bailey, 35 
The Boca Raton, Florida native was seen in a selfie in which she wore a black top and white dress with her blonde locks pulled back
Another shot in the carousel saw Grande laughing alongside Bailey and Cynthia Erivo, 37, who plays Elphaba in the movie. 
The Boca Raton, Florida native was seen in a selfie in which she wore a black top and white dress with her blonde locks pulled back. Grande was seen applying lip gloss in a separate shot from the same set. 
The 7 Rings singer in another shot was pictured alongside her brother Frankie Grande's husband Hale, 31. 
In the shot, Grande wore Mickey Mouse ears with a red bow and black designer sunglasses with a white top as she made a kissing face.
Grande was pictured with longtime pal Courtney Chipolone, 27, in the series of images. 
One shot, hyping up the forthcoming Wizard of Oz-offshoot, showed a bookcase with a series of Oz books. 
The Grammy-winning performer has been on the promotional trail for her highly-anticipated lead role opposite Erivo in the upcoming film. 
Grande portrays the roles of Glinda in the Jon M. Chu-directed movie, which she promoted last week in Las Vegas at the CinemaCon, the National Association of Theatre Owners annual convention.
Another shot saw Grande laughing alongside Bailey and Cynthia Erivo, 37, who plays Elphaba in the movie
The Grammy-winning performer was seen applying lip gloss in a separate shot
The 7 Rings singer in another shot was pictured alongside her brother Frankie Grande's husband Hale, 31 
One shot, hyping up the forthcoming Wizard of Oz-offshoot, showed a bookcase with a series of Oz books 
Grande was pictured with longtime pal Courtney Chipolone, 27, in the series of images
Slater, who plays the role of Boq in Wicked, was seen last fall in NYC 
Grande and Erivo, who portray the respective roles of Glinda and Elphaba in the movie, were pictured April 10 at CinemaCon in Las Vegas 
In the motion picture due out in November, Erivo plays Elphaba, while Grande plays Glinda 
The film's stars were seen in front of a backstage mirror on director Jon M. Chu's social media 
Grande told the crowd at Caesars Palace April 10, 'We both felt such a tremendous responsibility to honor these women and to pour our hearts, our souls, our tears - so many different pairs of lashes,' Variety reported.
The cast also includes Michelle Yeoh, Bowen Yang, Bronwyn James, Keala Settle and Marissa Bode.
The motion picture is slated to arrive in theaters the next two Thanksgivings, with release dates of November 27, 2024, and November 26, 2025.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group