ByEmma Woollacott
ByEmma Woollacott,
 Senior Contributor. 
Richard Hall outside the Royal Courts Of Justic. (Photo by Yui Mok/PA Images via Getty Images)
A U.K. court has ruled against a man who claimed that the bombing attack at an Ariana Grande concert in 2017 was an "elaborate hoax."
Martin Hibbert and his daughter Eve, severely injured in the attack, sued former television producer Richard Hall for harassment.
He appeared at Eve’s home address in September 2019, having said that he was "skeptical over whether the daughter had any injuries." He also knocked on Eve’s mother’s door several times, and on neighbors’ doors, before setting up a camera in his car and filming Eve in her wheelchair, along with her caregiver and her mother.
Hall also gave talks and published a book and videos pushing his claims that the bombing was faked, claiming that several of those who died were "crisis actors" or were living abroad or dead before the attack. He defended his actions on the grounds that, as a journalist, his actions were in the public interest.
But, ruled the judge, Justice Karen Steyn, "I have no doubt that his course of conduct was a negligent, indeed reckless, abuse of media freedom. Applying the legal approach that I have outlined to the parties’ respective Convention rights, I find that Mr Hall’s course of conduct amounted to harassment."
Martin and Eve Hibbert were standing close to bomber Salman Abedi at the time of the explosion — indeed, they were the closest victims to survive. Martin received 22 wounds from shrapnel and was left with a spinal injury. He is paralyzed from the waist down, wheelchair-bound and suffers from post-traumatic stress disorder.
Meanwhile, Eve — aged just 14 at the time of the attack — received serious brain damage, unable to walk unassisted, suffering from PTSD and depression and needing full-time care for the rest of her life.
"We shouldn’t have to face such allegations that the Manchester Arena attack never happened, and that our injuries were not as a result of the bombing — we certainly shouldn’t have needed to be here in court to make a stand and to protect others from this kind of behaviour," said Martin Hibbert in a statement.
"For many families affected by the bombing it is struggle every day, even now more than seven years on, to comprehend what happened, and the impact it has had on their lives. They should never have to face such hurtful claims and I hope this case sends out a clear message that it will not be tolerated," Hibbert added.
The case has clear similarities to the 2012 lawsuit brought against U.S. broadcaster Alex Jones over his claims that the Sandy Hook mass shooting, in which 20 first-graders and six staff members were killed, never happened.
But while that particular conspiracy was widely believed, Hall has had less success spreading his views. While a handful of outraged conspiracy theorists are pitching the ruling as the criminalization of free speech, these views are getting very little traction.