The “Quiet on Set: The Dark Side of Kids TV” documentary series that went viral with dramatic revelations about abuse on the set of Nickelodeon childrens’ TV series has recently aired a new bonus Episode 5. If you missed the four-part premiere and new episode live streaming, you can still watch the whole five-part series on demand by streaming it free on Investigation Discovery.
• You can watch the whole thing FREE with Philo (free trial), with Fubo (free trial), or with DirecTV Stream (free trial).
To see some of the former stars reunite after years apart, watch a clip from the Breaking The Silence special bonus episode, courtesy of the ID Network.
The series profiles and lays out the experience of former and current celebrities that were once child stars, including actors like Drake Bell, Ariana Grande, Amanda Bynes, Jamie Lynn Spears, Jennette McCurdy and others. For a sneak peek of the documentary, check out the Quiet on Set docuseries trailer.
The former All That and Kenan & Kel star said that while Dan Schneider was credited as the creator of those ‘90s Nickelodeon shows, Thompson wasn’t aware of the abuse that was going on.
So far, Amanda Bynes has not made any comment regarding the documentary or the allegations made in the Quiet On Set docuseries.
The first two episodes called “Hidden in Plain Sight” “Too Close to the Sun,” premiered on Sunday, March 18. The third and fourth episodes aired on Monday, March 19. The entire series is available to stream on Philo, including the new “Breaking The Silence” episode, which premiered on Sunday, April 7.
The limited documentary series on Investigation Discovery looks at the difficult lives of child stars on Nickelodeon TV shows and the alleged abuse they faced at the hands of acting coaches, directors, and other television producers and professionals. The harrowing story starts in episode one where former child actors accuse producer and head writer Dan Schneider of creating a toxic workplace for female writers. The show also examines the event where two crew members were arrested for sexual abuse of former child actors.
Drake Bell from Nickelodeon’s Drake & Bell show is featured heavily in the third episode where he accuses acting coach Brian Peck of sexual abuse. Additional featured former child stars include Giovonnie Samuels, Kyle Sullivan, Bryan Hearne, Katrina Johnson, and actors from The Amanda Show, All That, iCarly, and more. Dan Schneider, the creator behind several popular hit Nickelodeon shows, including “iCarly,” “Drake & Josh” and more has been accused of “sexualizing children,” in his shows but has vehemently denied these claims in several media interviews and statements leading up to and after the documentary’s debut.
What: Quiet on Set: The Dark Side of Kids TV
When: All episodes are available to stream on demand now with Philo.
TV channel: ID Network
Watch the show live streaming online: You can watch the whole thing FREE with Philo (free trial), with Fubo (free trial), or with DirecTV Stream (free trial).
What TV channel is ID Network on? Find out by using the channel finders here: Verizon Fios, AT&T U-verse, Comcast Xfinity, Spectrum/Charter, Optimum/Altice, DIRECTV and Dish.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices