Nothing screams Christmas quite like gothic horror. In his first project since 2022's The Northman, Robert Eggers returns with cinematographer Jarin Blaschke for a remake of 1922's Nosferatu. The Lighthouse alum Willem Dafoe also returns for what Siddhant Adlhkada's review describes as "one of the finest, most viscerally exciting works of horror this year."
Whether you're planning a Babyratu double feature or want to track down the original silent film, here's everything we know about streaming Nosferatu online. 
The extended cut of Nosferatu (2024) is streaming exclusively on Peacock. The movie landed at Peacock instead of Max or Netflix because its distributor, Focus Features, is a subsidiary of NBC Universal. Peacock subscriptions start at $7.99/month, and unfortunately, the service does not offer a free trial. If you aren't interested in another subscription, the theatrical cut of Nosferatu is available to rent or buy from most digital marketplaces, including Prime Video. 
The details of Nosferatu's physical release were announced as the movie arrived on digital marketplaces. A 4K and Blu-ray edition of Nosferatu was released on February 18, including an extended cut of the movie as well as a pretty fantastic slate of bonus features. Check out our guide to upcoming Blu-rays for more info on physical releases. 
The new Nosferatu movie is a remake of the German 1922 silent film directed by F. W. Murnau, which itself was an adaptation of Bram Stoker's Dracula trying to avoid copyright issues. Here's the official synopsis for the new Eggers adaptation: 
A gothic tale of obsession between a haunted young woman and the terrifying vampire infatuated with her, causing untold horror in its wake.
Besides the original 1922 silent film, there's also a (notoriously long) 1979 adaptation of Nosferatu directed by Warner Herzog. Both are available online for free, and you can check out your streaming options below: 
Black and White: 
In Color: 
Nosferatu was written and directed by Robert Eggers, with cinematography from Jarin Blaschke and a score by Robin Carolan. The movie stars the following cast: 
Nosferatu is rated R for bloody violent content, graphic nudity and some sexual content. The theatrical cut of the movie runs for a total of two hours and 12 minutes, while the extended cut runs four minutes longer. 
Not yet available for streaming.