The actress and retired music mogul are "just friends," a source tells PEOPLE
TheImageDirect.com
 Julianne Hough and Scooter Braun took a stroll in New York City over the weekend.

 On Friday, Sept. 6, the dancer and actress, 36, and retired music mogul, 43, were spotted out and about together — but they are “just friends,” a source tells PEOPLE.

 As they wandered the streets of N.Y.C., the (strictly platonic) pair soaked up the late summer weather while chatting and enjoying some iced coffee together as Hough walked her dog, Sunny.

TheImageDirect.com
 For the outing, both dressed casually, with Braun in a white T-shirt, shorts, sneakers and baseball cap, and Hough sporting a casual-yet-chic spin on the Canadian tuxedo, which the Dancing with the Stars co-host accessorized with chunky sunglasses and kitten heels.

 The duo’s friendly stroll comes as Hough gears up to host season 33 of DWTS later this month. Braun, meanwhile, announced his retirement from music management in June.

 The PEOPLE Puzzler crossword is here! How quickly can you solve it? Play now!

 Neither Hough nor Braun, who both finalized divorces in 2022, is publicly dating anyone.

TheImageDirect.com
 The former music exec — who is known for working with clients like Justin Bieber and Ariana Grande, as well as his public feud with Taylor Swift — filed for divorce from his ex-wife, Yael Cohen, in July 2021, and it was finalized in September 2022. The former couple share three children together.

 Hough and ex-husband Brooks Laich, meanwhile, announced their decision to separate in May 2020 and finalized their divorce in June 2022.

 Never miss a story — sign up for PEOPLE's free daily newsletter to stay up-to-date on the best of what PEOPLE has to offer, from juicy celebrity news to compelling human interest stories.

 The Footloose actress recently reflected on her split from the former hockey pro — who first confirmed their relationship in 2014 — during an episode of Dax Shepard's Armchair Expert podcast.

 While discussing her previous relationships in the Aug. 12 episode, Hough said, "I feel like our relationship and our marriage was exactly right, and the end of it is right too. We both have regrets that it didn't work out because I don't think we had the maturity to come together."

 Describing some of the dynamics of their relationship, the star said that Laich, 41, “was contracting while I was expanding.”

 "We just couldn't find each other in that," she continued. "We just went into our own protective modes. So we've definitely accepted what happened, but we're sad that it didn't work out because I've only dated great human beings."

 And, despite their decision to separate, Hough told the podcast hosts that the retired athlete had "the greatest heart that I could've ever had the privilege of being with."

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)