A judge has ruled in favour of a father and daughter suing a conspiracy theorist who claims the Manchester Arena terrorist bombing was faked.
Martin and Eve Hibbert brought a claim - now successful - against Richard Hall, described as a journalist, broadcaster and media producer, for harassment, misuse of private information and data protection breaches. They were both left with severe disabilities after the blast, which followed an Ariana Grande concert in May 2017 and left 22 people dead.
Mr Hibbert, from Chorley, Lancashire, who uses a wheelchair and was rendered paraplegic, suffered 22 shrapnel wounds, including one that severed his spinal cord, as he attempted to shield Eve from the explosion. His daughter, who also uses a wheelchair, is severely brain damaged and will need support for the rest of her life.
Try MEN Premium now for FREE... just click here to give it a go.
They applied for a summary judgment for parts of their claims against Mr Hall – a legal step that would see those aspects decided without a trial. A judge has now ruled in their favour - and branded Mr Hall's theories 'absurd and fantastical'.
Jonathan Price, for the Hibberts, said in written submissions that Mr Hall 'disputes that it was a terrorist attack, that it involved any kind of destructive explosive device at all, and he contends that many of those purporting to be victims of it, including the claimants, are in fact ‘crisis actors’ and were not involved in the attack at all'.
Mr Hall, the High Court heard, maintains that the attack was 'a staged operation using an intelligence asset as an alleged perpetrator'.
He believes it was a 'staged scenario' or 'drill' orchestrated by 'various public sector agencies' using 'numerous recruited members of the public, potentially a hundred or more' some of whom were 'tasked with portraying fake injuries'.
A 'select few', he believes, within the emergency services were also 'briefed and aware of the staged nature of the event'. Mr Hall also alleged there was no explosion at all, but a 'loud pyrotechnic device' used.
The Hibberts said Mr Hall, in videos published on his website and on YouTube, and in public lectures, accused them of lies and deception and has misused personal data including their names, images and medical information.
Written submissions reveal: "One aspect of the claim is that in September 2019 the defendant visited Eve's home where she lives with her mother. The visit was unannounced. The defendant's account is that it was his intention to ask Eve's mother for an interview. Having received no response to his knocking on the door, he set up a camera inside his vehicle and recorded footage of Eve, her mother and her carer."
In a published written judgement today, judge Richard Davison said he 'rejected' Hall's 'hypothesis'.
He said in the ruling: "I do not propose to engage with the detail of the defendant's evidence. Suffice it to say that, although his beliefs may be genuinely held, his theory that the Manchester bombing was an operation staged by government agencies in which no one was genuinely killed or injured is absurd and fantastical and it provides no basis to rebut the conviction."
Still CCTV images of the Hibberts at the concert venue were also shown to the Manchester Arena public inquiry.
The judge said it was 'unrealistic to maintain' that the Hibberts were not present at the Arena on the night - and he said it was 'simply preposterous' to suggest they 'were either not severely injured at all or acquired their injuries earlier and by a different mechanism than the bombing'.
"For these reasons, I find that the defendant has not discharged the evidential burden which rests on him," said the judge in a ruling. "He has no real prospect, indeed no prospect at all, of success on the issues and I will resolve them in the claimants’ favour," he said.
The judge said he would list the case for a further hearing to 'decide consequential orders, costs and directions to take the claim forward to a final determination'.
The hearing in London was told that Hashem Abedi, whose brother Salman died after detonating the device, was found guilty of 22 counts of murder and jailed.
The Hibberts' barrister said he had 'ticked off' the issue of proving those killings 'unless the defendant [Hall] can prove that the 22 people were not murdered in the way described on that day'.
The court heard there was also a 'very detailed' report into Mr Hibbert's medical condition by his spinal injuries consultant.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.