By
Melanie Davis
Updated: 
Having a top ten global pop hit doesn’t sound like it would come with many downsides, but as rising superstar and “Espresso” singer Sabrina Carpenter’s friends found out, it very much can. Carpenter visited Capital UK ahead of her performance at the 2024 Summertime Ball and revealed that her friends have…strong opinions about her summer bop.
Strong as a shot of espresso, you could say.
Sabrina Carpenter’s “Espresso” had the perfect makings for a summer smash hit. With a mid-Spring release date, infectious beat, and quotable lines like I’m working laaaate, cause I’m a singerrrr, the single off Carpenter’s sixth studio album Short n’ Sweet because her first top ten single of her career.
But despite this impressive accolade, all that caffeine has had some irritating effects. “I’ve had some of my, like, I don’t want to call them older friends, but they’re definitely older than me. I feel like they have been really annoyed with me in particular. They’ve almost verbalized it like, ‘I hate you because I cannot go to sleep without singing this song,’” Carpenter revealed in a May 2024 interview with Capital FM.
“That doesn’t sound like an issue to me,” Carpenter riffed. “But I can understand how it’s annoying to have a song stuck in your head. But I’m very grateful that it is.”
The ubiquity of Sabrina Carpenter’s tongue-in-cheek, addictive pop hit might annoy some listeners. But for other fans, they hate that the song isn’t getting more attention. “Espresso” became another piping hot point of discussion surrounding the 2024 VMAs, which many fans believe snubbed Carpenter from a “Song of the Summer” nomination.
Carpenter did make the category, but not with the song many listeners expected. “Please, Please, Please,” another single off Short n’ Sweet, was the lucky track to make the cut. Nevertheless, Carpenter fans weren’t having the “Espresso” withdrawals. “Still confused how espresso wasn’t even nominated for summer song when it was literally everywhere.. All summer?” One X, formerly known as Twitter user wrote.
“Maybe they didn’t nominate espresso for song of the summer so there would be competition,” another added. Other notable “Songs of the Summer” nominees are “BIRDS OF A FEATHER” by Billie Eilish, “Fortnight” by Taylor Swift, and “we can’t be friends (wait for your love) by Ariana Grande.
MTV did nominate Carpenter’s “Espresso” for “Song of the Year,” which is inarguably the more comprehensive accolade. So, the catchy pop tune still has a chance to come out on top. Either way, Carpenter fans can rest assured knowing they’ll get to see the pop star perform at the VMAs, and we don’t doubt she’ll be bringing out her biggest hits.
So, nomination snubs and small annoyances aside, we don’t think this is the last “Espresso” shot we’ll enjoy anytime soon.
Photo by Annie Lesser/imageSPACE/Shutterstock
Only members can comment. Become a member. Already a member? Log in.
Is ‘Saturday Night Live’ New Tonight? Host & Musical Guest (5/3/25)
Kelly Clarkson Thinks This Fellow ‘American Idol’ Alum Would Be “A Fun Hang” on a Deserted Island
Cover Songs Merle Haggard Liked the Most (And the Type of Country He Couldn’t Stand)

			© 2025 American Songwriter			American Songwriter: a Savage Ventures Brand