Coleen Nolan and Shane Richie’s son Jake Roche was living the dream just over 10 years ago when he followed in his famous parents’ footsteps by topping the charts.
Jake was flying high with pop-rock band Rixton when they scored a UK number one with Me and My Broken Heart. He went on to tour with Ed Sheeran and Ariana Grande and was engaged to Jesy Nelson from Little Mix.
But, less than two years later, his life had taken a nosedive. Rixton was no longer topping the charts, he’d split with Jesy, and after a breakdown found himself claiming Universal Credit and living with his mum.
Being the son of The Nolans star and Loose Women panellist Coleen and EastEnder’s actor Shane was bound to bring an air of expectation. Born in Reigate, Jake, 31, was just seven when his parents split, leaving him spending his time between his mum’s house in Blackpool and his dad’s in London.
He started out as an actor, playing Isaac Nuttall in Emmerdale in 2010, before forming Rixton two years later. The band saw an initial wave of success in America.
Speaking to The Times, Jake said: “We kicked off big time in America. We hung around with Biebs a fair bit."
That of course is international pop sensation Justin Bieber. The band were managed by Scooter Braun, who backed them along with Universal Music, music tycoon Benny Blanco and a few others.
One day though, it all came crashing down. "My calendar was blocked out every single day from the age of 18 until 23, 24 and then just nothing. I'd never experienced failure in my whole life. Every audition I would go to I would get. It blew me to smithereens."
With his music career in pieces, Jake said broke up with Jesy and "moved into Ed Sheeran's house”. The Thinking Out Loud singer was on tour at the time, and Jake suspects he was “a bit worried” about him.
After that, he moved back home with Coleen and applied for Universal Credit. He says he is “hyper-aware” that a lot of people are less privileged than he is, confessing he has a new-found appreciation for being a “nepobaby”.
He knows he can sing and act, but admits he was only able to hone his skills due to his upbringing. Jake’s father Shane however, whose real name is Shane Roche, came from “absolutely nothing”, running away from home at 15 to become a Pontins blue coat.
Shane, Jake says, had to repeatedly audition for the West End revival of Grease after choreographer Arlene Phlips “didn’t want” him. Shane’s stardom looms in Jake’s Edinburgh Fringe musical comedy Neporrhoids!.
Jake describes it as a “classic story of a teen pop star who gets it all and loses it all”. The show had a shaky start with Jake confessing it was “not good for anyone” as he “just kept crying”.
The show has improved though with Jake having written the songs, which he says are “very melodically driven”. Jesy’s name is bleeped out, with a voice-changer used to mimic his father’s.
He says the show has led to him becoming “extremely close” with Shane. It made him examine the “tough ride” that led the actor to starring as Alfie Moon.
Jake now feels “so far removed” from his time as a pop-star. He is having a baby with his fiancée and wants his family to be “financially comfortable”.
Jake Roche: Neporrhoids! is at Pleasance Courtyard (Beside), Edinburgh, to August 25.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok , Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.