“Wicked” has claimed victory at one of the first major stops on the road to the 2025 Oscars. 
As the opening lyric of Stephen Schwartz’s musical goes, “Good news!”
Or is it?
On Wednesday, the National Board of Review named the big-budget adaptation of the Broadway show its top film of the year.
Adding to the haul, the film’s Jon M. Chu won best director.
His stars, Cynthia Erivo and Ariana Grande, meanwhile, did not take home best actress and supporting actress (those respectively went to Nicole Kidman for “Babygirl” and Elle Fanning for “A Complete Unknown”). 
Instead, the green-and-pink duo got a combined special award for “Creative Collaboration.”
Before you hop on a Swifter and start belting “Defying Gravity,” there’s just one problem with these honors — statistically, they’re curses. 
The group’s record is spotty, to say the least.
NBR’s best picture winner has only gone on to win the top Academy Award three times in the past 24 years: “No Country For Old Men” (2007), “Slumdog Millionaire” (2008) and “Green Book” (2018). 
That’s barely a 12% success rate since Y2K.
The same number applies to their rocky best director Oscars overlap: Steven Soderbergh (“Traffic,” 2000), Ang Lee (“Brokeback Mountain,” 2005) and Martin Scorsese (“The Departed,” 2006). 
If I was Universal, I would be “loathing” those odds.
The taste of the National Board of Review — a New York-based organization made up of, according to its website, “enthusiasts, filmmakers, professionals, academics and students,” rarely aligns with that of the Oscars, a group of 9,375 Hollywood pros.
The Academy’s directors branch, for instance, which chooses their Best Director category, tends to favor craft over popularity. 
Last year it nominated Justine Triet and Jonathan Glazer, whose “Anatomy of a Fall” and “The Zone of Interest” had zero dance numbers or flying monkeys.
The kick-off week for award season has been crowded. The Gotham Awards crowned their winner, “A Different Man,” and the Independent Spirit Awards also announced their nominees Wednesday. 
As both honor indies, “Wicked” was about as ineligible as it gets.
The New York Film Critics Circle gave “The Brutalist” their biggest honor, which also rarely goes on to snag the Oscar.
But the only title so far to wind up mentioned by every one of these organizations is the terrific “Anora.” 
It was nominated for best picture by the Indie Spirits and Gothams, and won best screenplay at the NYFCC. 
Sean Baker’s New York-set comedy also is one of the National Board of Review’s 11 best films of the year, which, besides it and “Wicked,” also include: “Babygirl,” “A Complete Unknown,” “Conclave,” “Furiosa: A Mad Max Saga,” “Gladiator II,” “Juror #2,” “Queer,” “A Real Pain” and “Sing Sing.” 
If history holds, roughly half of those won’t make the Oscars Best Picture nominee cut. “Wicked” and “Anora” will.
The old sports saying goes “stats are for losers,” and perhaps the musical will defy the odds.
After all, it has been a strange year without any award season juggernauts or pundit consensus. People are looking for something solid to grasp onto. 
In the next five days come the telling AFI Awards and the Golden Globe nominations, where the “Wizard of Oz” riff should do well. 
Fans will be praying the Oscars race has been changed … for good.
Advertisement