Today's Digital Daily	
			



	
			Today's Digital Daily	
			

The first lady made her message loud and clear with her designer choice.
Senior Editor

	While voters, pundits and critics in both political parties hash out every last word and gesture from Thursday night’s debate between President Joe Biden and former president Donald Trump, First Lady Jill Biden delivered a not-so-subtle message with her fashion statement at a rally Friday morning in North Carolina.

	FLOTUS turned up in a navy blue silk crepe dress with crop sleeves imprinted with “VOTE” in white lettering from the New York City-based designer Christian Siriano. The message didn’t just come across loud and clear for the TV cameras, photographers and videographers shooting the rally, which was held at Raleigh’s fairgrounds, but for viewers and social media followers too. The first couple reportedly touched down in Air Force One at Raleigh-Durham International Airport at 2 a.m. Friday.

	











	
			Related Articles	
	













	Fashion Scoops
	



	
			Canada's Prime Minister Mark Carney's Wife Has Her Own Global Career  Experience	
			













	Government and Trade
	



	
			White House Calls Amazon's Reported Tariff Transparency Plans a 'Hostile and Political Act'	
			








	The president’s poor debate performance prompted some members of the media and the Democratic Party to suggest bowing out, retirement and/or a replacement might be in order, according to reports.  But Biden had a different message for supporters in Raleigh, telling them, “Folks, I don’t walk as easy as I used to. I don’t speak as smoothly as I used to. I don’t debate as well as I used to, but … I know how to tell the truth. I know right from wrong, and I know how to do this job. I know, like millions of Americans know, when you get knocked down, you get back up.”




			You May Also Like		






	The first lady’s “VOTE” dress seemed to relay another call to action. And Siriano, who millions know from his “Project Runway” days and from his social media reach, reiterated that Friday afternoon with this statement, “Dr. Biden wearing my dress sends a clear message to us all. A vote for Biden is a vote for human and civil rights. As a young American brand and designer, what we can do is give our clothes a voice and I hope this speaks to you. Now let’s get to work!”

	As of 2022, there were 161.4 million registered voters in the U.S.

	Shoppers can copy the first lady’s look, but only to a certain degree. A puff-sleeve version of the “VOTE” dress is available on Siriano’s e-commerce site for $3,800. The designer’s creations have been worn by such celebrities as Cynthia Erivo, Cardi B, Coco Rocha, Lizzo, Jennifer Lopez, Ariana Grande, and Oprah Winfrey.

	FLOTUS’ wardrobe choice for the rally was more pronounced than the tonal periwinkle pantsuit that she wore to Thursday’s 90-minute debate in Atlanta. Many got a closer look at her ensemble in a video of the first lady praising her husband’s debate performance and then assisting him off the stage that went viral.

	Meanwhile, Melania Trump’s go-to stylist Herve Pierre had Thursday night off, since the former first lady chose not to attend the historic showdown between an 81-year-old sitting president and a 78-year-old former one. The on-air battle in CNN’s home city attracted 51.2 million TV viewers based on preliminary numbers from Nielsen.

	The Bidens will be in New York over the weekend with Jill Biden set to deliver remarks at a political finance event in New York City. The first couple are expected to attend a fundraiser for the president’s re-election campaign Saturday night in East Hampton.
Sign up for WWD news straight to your inbox every day
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
WWD and Women's Wear Daily are part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All Rights Reserved.