Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
He joins previously announced honorees Adrien Brody, Nicole Kidman, Mikey Madison and Kieran Culkin, among others.

							By 

	Beatrice Verhoeven

Deputy Awards Editor

Dune: Part Two director Denis Villeneuve will receive the Visionary Award at the Palm Springs International Film Festival, the Palm Springs International Film Awards announced on Wednesday.

	The awards will take place on Jan. 3, with the festival running from Jan. 2 to Jan. 13.



	“Denis Villeneuve has once again pushed the boundaries of cinematic storytelling with Dune: Part Two. His visionary direction and unparalleled attention to detail have not only brought Frank Herbert’s epic saga to life but also set a new standard for what film can achieve,” says Festival Chairman Nachhattar Singh Chandi. “A true visual masterpiece, Villeneuve’s work transcends entertainment, immersing audiences in a universe where every frame is a testament to his artistry and innovation. It is our honor to present Denis Villeneuve with the Visionary Award.”

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	Movies
			



	
		
					Far East Film Festival: Yihui Shao's Feminist Drama 'Her Story' Wins Top Prize		
			














	
	Movies
			



	
		
					Oscars Keep 2026 Date as L.A. Marathon Agrees to Reschedule to Avoid Conflict		
			








	The Visionary Award is “presented to a filmmaker who breaks boundaries in the art of cinema,” says the organization. Previous honorees include Alfonso Cuarón (Roma) and Michel Hazanavicius (The Artist), who received the Academy Award for best director, and Richard Linklater (Boyhood), Tom McCarthy (Spotlight), Martin Scorsese (The Irishman) and Quentin Tarantino (Inglourious Basterds), who went on to receive Academy Award nominations in the category.

	Villeneuve joins previously announced honorees Adrien Brody (Desert Palm Achievement Award, Actor), Timothée Chalamet (Chairman’s Award), Conclave (Ensemble Performance Award), Kieran Culkin (Breakthrough Performance Award, Actor), Colman Domingo (Spotlight Award, Actor), Ariana Grande (Rising Star Award), Angelina Jolie (Desert Palm Achievement Award, Actress), Nicole Kidman (International Star Award), Mikey Madison (Breakthrough Performance Award, Actress) and Emilia Pérez (Vanguard Award).

	Villeneuve’s Dune received six Oscars, five BAFTAs, three Critics Choice Awards and nominations from the Producers Guild, Directors Guild and Writers Guild of America. His other directorial credits include Blade Runner 2049, Arrival, Sicario, Prisoners and Incendies.
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.