Frances Hannon, the lead hair and makeup artist, breaks down how she got Elphaba and Glinda ready for the big screen.
Every item on this page was chosen by an ELLE editor. We may earn commission on some of the items you choose to buy.
In the highly anticipated film adaptation of the musical Wicked, everything is exhilarating, more beautiful than the real world, and evocative of the vibrant 1939 Wizard of Oz in technicolor. The water twinkles, the Emerald City glitters, and the two main characters, Elphaba and Glinda (played by Cynthia Erivo and Ariana Grande, respectively), leap to life onscreen, thanks in large part to their memorable beauty looks. 
As the lead hair and makeup artist for the film, Frances Hannon had the momentous task of finding unique aesthetics for each character. Through their makeup and hair, Elphaba and Glinda become Wicked witches fit for the modern era. 
As you might expect, finding the right green for Elphaba was Hannon’s biggest challenge. Hannon wanted Elphaba’s skin to look as realistic as possible  rather than painted-on. “It was very important that the green be real-looking,” Hannon says. “They did discuss possibly doing the green in post-[production] in the very early days, but Cynthia was quite adamant that she wanted to go onto the set green every day.” As for Glinda, Hannon wanted her to appear timeless. “[Glinda’s look] is accessible to everybody, because it is classical and simple and princess-like,” she says. Below, Hannon shares how she nailed the perfect green, the makeup product Grande used before every scene, and what fans can expect for the movie’s second part, which comes out in fall 2025. 
I started with having Cynthia discover the green and how it works on her skin. We wanted to keep her looking beautiful. Ari’s makeup look was more about looking for the princess in the character. We wanted to [find] a timeless look, so that in 20 years, when people are still watching this, it will look as beautiful as when [the film] comes out next week.
[The green was] very different from what’s done on the Broadway production. [On Broadway,] it was face paint, and [on stage,] it’s one type of lighting. Whereas [in the film,] we would have Cynthia running from a beautiful daylight scene into a dark journey. We had to contend with a true storyline and much bigger set. The green had to be bespoke, and of course, [work with Erivo’s] skin tone as well. I started with models, and I worked out how to make the green perfect for Cynthia. I got the green easily, but I couldn’t keep it the same in all the different lighting that we would be working in. It was when I discovered a neon product [that everything came together]. David Stoneman, who makes products for us, added some neon yellow to my green—just a few drops. It gave that beautiful quality that I think really shows on Cynthia’s skin in the film. It is very see-through, believable, and contoured, and doesn’t transfer onto Ari.
The green was all airbrushed on. But  [the addition of neon yellow] really made her glow all the time. The neon yellow was a product that I found in Canada that was discontinued. It is just a cream eyeshadow and gave the reflective quality I needed. On top of that, we contoured her. We did eyebrow transfers, because she doesn’t have eyebrows. We did little freckles for her youthful look that we carried through, but [they] became softer as she grew up. [I wanted] to keep her very vulnerable and very accessible, because the story is about us all connecting as humans. 
We kept Ari’s look iridescent and opalescent, and it was in tone with her costumes most of the time. For her body, face, and hair, we wanted that feathery, light, princess-like quality. It was never a heavy, dark lipstick or a dark eyeshadow.  Once we did that with Ari, combined with the reflective base on Elphaba, it gave an amazing balance. 
When Ari would get ready in the morning, the whole process was very much part of Glinda walking onto the set. We used a lot of her products,  r.e.m. beauty, and there is one highlight called Miss Mercury. At the end of [getting ready], she would just put a tiny little dab [of Mercury] on the end of her nose. I felt like that was that last little touch that brought her into her space for the day. Then quite often, [before a new scene], she’d do it again. I thought it was very much a Glinda situation.
In every film, not just in Wicked, an artist’s input is absolutely paramount. Both Cynthia and Ari had really strong input into how they felt on individual days, and how they felt about the characters throughout the film. Ari might say, “I’d like to wear a clip in my hair,” or “I’d like it to be simpler.” Or Cynthia would  say, “I’d like to add a hairstyle here today, or put it in a braid, or stick a pin in it.” We do it, but they own it. They add and bring what they want to their character.  You can see so much of Ariana Grande, but she absolutely is Glinda. I wonder, will Ariana Grande ever be the same as the singer? She’s so wonderful in the part, isn’t she?
We didn’t want her to be the type of princess [with] very structured, tailored, and extravagant updos. That really wasn’t our Glinda. She was very natural. The more she finds herself, her heart, and falls in love with Elphaba, [the more we wanted] to keep [her looking] casual, even though she is the princess. Her hair emulated the beautiful waves and curves of her costumes. Also, our sets had a very Art Deco, Art Nouveau feel. Though [we put waves in her hair], it had a freedom that most people will be able to relate to. 
Without revealing anything from Part Two, I feel like everybody will find that Part Two is equally as original and exciting as Part One. The characters all still have a really long journey, so there’s loads more to come, visually and in the story. 
This interview has been edited and condensed for clarity.
Mother’s Day Gifts for Beauty-Obsessed Moms 
The 10 Best Tinted Eye Creams for Tired Under Eyes
Why Microdosing Is the Future of Skin Care
The Best Texturizing Sprays to Buy Right Now
The Best Face Primers for Long-Lasting Makeup 
Top Barrier Creams to Heal and Protect Your Skin
Salmon Sperm Products Are Like Botox in a Bottle
The Baby Fat Boom
The Best Water Creams to Hydrate Your Skin 
The $20 Brown Mascara That Saved My Wedding Day
The Best Korean Skin Care Products for Acne
ELLE Loves: Chance Eau Fraîche
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.