Today's Digital Daily	
			



	
			Today's Digital Daily	
			

Grading Hollywood's biggest carpet.

	Zendaya: A

	Zendaya is the best-dressed celebrity of the present, and this floral metallic Armani Privé gown hits all the high fashion notes while still feeling young and cool. 

	Florence Pugh: A

	This feels like a complete update of the 1920s Hollywood siren, with the crystal-encrusted, satin, floor-length skirt paired with a sculptural wavy bodice and suspended straps. The plunging neckline and Bulgari snake necklace add another cool element to the effort. The punk hair with the dark roots gives it an edge, finishing the look.





	
			Related Articles	
	













	Fashion Scoops
	



	
			'RuPaul's Drag Race': Michelle Visage and Carson Kressley Reflect on the Show's Fashion Evolution Ahead of 'All Stars' 10 Premiere	
			













	Fashion Scoops
	



	
			A Look Back at Anna Nicole Smith's Kentucky Derby Style That Lives On Through Her Daughter Dannielynn Birkhead	
			








	Ariana Grande: D




			You May Also Like		






	She took the Barbie comforter with her to the red carpet. The outfit looks very cozy, if taking a nap is an option. The overwhelming volume and amount of fabric engulf her. 

	










	The Rock: Fail

	We still haven’t found a situation in which a pearl gray satin suit works. This could be more appropriate as a honeymoon pajama set. 

	Anya Taylor-Joy: C+

	Underwater sensation meets mythological creature seems to be the inspiration for this elaborate frock. She’s such a fashion power player that we expect the best from her. We do appreciate the level of craftsmanship involved, but this is not her best. 

	Sandra Hüller: A

	This complete stunner, inspired by a ’40s Schiaparelli look, is the ideal Oscars dress. It brings Huller to the best dressed list. It’s not easy to carry this dress but she pulls it off and shows she’s a total fashion player. 

	America Ferrera: A-

	Just when we thought we wouldn’t be into Barbie pink any longer, Ferrera proves us wrong with this chainmail goddess gown. Ferrera sparkles and the colored-stone necklace and easy bob add the perfect touches. 

	Billie Eilish: A-

Eilish is in a league of her own. She’s been very specific yet directional in her red carpet appearances this season. Everything resonates around menswear and this Chanel version of a school uniform is one of her best. The socks and mary janes give it a fun sense of humor. 
Sign up for WWD news straight to your inbox every day
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
WWD and Women's Wear Daily are part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All Rights Reserved.