Lana Del Rey, Ariana Grande, Bad Bunny and dozens more stars attended the annual fashion event.

													By
												

	Hannah Dailey


	From Ariana Grande to Lana Del Rey, Usher to Sabrina Carpenter, dozens of stars gathered in New York City Monday (May 7) for the biggest American fashion event of the year, each one looking more show-stopping than the last.

	This year’s Met Gala theme was particularly dramatic — “Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion” — and prompted guests to show up to the red carpet on the steps of the Metropolitan Museum of Art in floral gowns, creatively tailored suits and wearable sculptures falling under the “Garden of Time” dress code set by Anna Wintour and co-chairs Bad Bunny, Zendaya, Jennifer Lopez and Chris Hemsworth. Del Rey, for instance, showed up looking like a glamorous woodland nymph in custom Alexander McQueen, while Tyla dressed as a human hourglass in a Balmain outfit designed to look like it were made out of sand.

	










	Meanwhile, Grande sported not one, but two gowns, walking the carpet in a mother-of-pearl dress by Loewe before performing a mini-concert during the gala in an ethereal Maison Margiela Artisanal costume. “had the honor and most special time performing at @metmuseum … working on this performance was an experience i will cherish forever,” she later wrote on Instagram. 

	The gala also featured a celebration of the Met Museum’s new exhibit, which is also titled “Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion.” Every year, the event raises funds for the museum’s costume institute and coincides with the annual premiere of a new fashion exhibit on the grounds.

	And while there were almost too many fabulous looks to choose from — Lizzo, Cardi B, Lil Nas X, Stray Kids, the list goes on and on — Billboard wants to know which was your favorite. Whose style were you rocking with the most at the 2024 Met Gala? Check out our gallery of red carpet photos from this year’s showcase and cast your vote below.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.