By Dade Hayes 
Business Editor

	A new promotion for Wicked turns back the clock to 2021 to show co-stars Ariana Grande and Cynthia Erivo reacting to being cast as the film’s co-leads by director Jon M. Chu.

	The longform spot, titled “Connect to Your Dreams,” is a plug for the movie as well as distributor Universal Pictures parent Comcast‘s Xfinity broadband, mobile and pay-TV services. In recent years, long-form Xfinity ads have featured a quasi-sequel to E.T., Steve Carell as a Covid-challenged Santa Claus; and an Illumination-animated spinoff of Sing 2. Usually, the promos debut just before NBC’s coverage of the Macy’s Thanksgiving Day parade, but the November 22 bow for Wicked accelerated the usual timeline.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	













	News
	



	
		
					'Wicked' Casts Spell With $230M In Profit To Fly In As No. 5 Most Valuable Blockbuster Of 2024		
			















	Executives
	



	
		
					Comcast CEO Brian Roberts, President Mike Cavanagh Annual Pay Dips By 5%		
			







	The new spot is directed by Alice Brooks, Wicked’s director of photography, in collaboration with Chu. It tells a condensed story of both lead actresses reaching for their dreams from childhood to the Wicked  shoot.




			Watch on Deadline		






	“I think the world needs to see more of you, and we would love you to be our Elphaba,” Chu is shown telling Erivo, who beams a euphoric smile and rests her head in her hands. “We want you to be our Glinda the Good,” Chu tells Grande, who covers her face and lets out an unintelligible stream of elation, shedding happy tears. Grande had gone public on Twitter back in 2011 with her desire to one day take on the “dream role” of Glinda, and her posting of that fateful tweet is recreated in the film, setting up her Zoom reaction.

	Erivo and Grande both shared the short film across their social channels this morning and it will also appear on TV and digital/social platforms in the coming days and weeks. In order to emphasize the theatrical aspect of the film, the spot will be the first ever shown in 4DX in select U.S. sites. Thanks to the format, audiences “will feel the magic of Oz” thanks to the combination of “on-screen visuals with synchronized motion seats and environmental effects like bubbles, wind and lightning,” a press release said. The 4DX run stems from a partnership with National CineMedia and CJ 4DPlex.

Wicked synergy at Comcast/NBCUniversal began months ago, with a trailer premiering at NBCU’s annual upfront pitch to advertisers in New York last May. Over the summer, talent also appeared in Paris during NBCU’s coverage of the Summer Olympics.

	










	Pre-release tracking has projected that the musical will bring in more than $80 million in its first weekend at the domestic box office.

	Clayton Ruebensaal, Chief Creative Officer, Xfinity, said the aim was “to tell a story that showcased how the power of connection, plus a bit of technology and magic, brought these two actors together and into the roles of Glinda and Elphaba. Connecting people and bringing them closer to incredible experiences and content like Wicked, is core to the Xfinity brand. We are excited to be part of this proud moment for the company.”
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.