Perfume fans may know of the cult-favourite scent from fragrance giant Tom Ford - the captivating Vanille Fatale which comes with a hefty price tag of £290. Described as a 'a beguiling, richly cinematic and deeply seductive scent', you can pick one up at the likes of Sephora and John Lewis (where it's currently a 'trending' item).
For those dismayed at the premium pricing and looking for something a little more wallet-friendly, beauty experts at renowned retailer Beauty Pie are offering a solution with the launch of the Vanille Nue Eau de Parfum. Costing members £28 for a 50ml, it holds some of the same top notes as the designer alternative.
Vanille Nue is also available for non-members at £60, which is still a mega £230 less than Tom Ford's. Made in France, notes include vanilla, bergamot, and rum absolute, as well as heliotrope and jasmine that lie on a musk base. Described as 'addictive' and 'sophisticated' shoppers have commented on the "heavenly" scent, claiming it lasts all day long.
READ MORE: No3 London dry gin voted 'best gin in the world' slashed by 15% in Amazon sale
READ MORE: Princess Kate Christmas gift guide including £163 off her designer handbag
On Beauty Pie's website, Vanille Nue has an overall 4.3 star rating, with one customer leaving a review that reads: "It’s always risky to buy a perfume you haven’t tried in real life, but I trusted the reviews and went for it. As the other comments said, this perfume is a vanilla fragrance for those who don’t want it to be sickly sweet like a dessert. "
They continued: "There’s so much depth to the scent, including spicy rum notes. It also lasts such a long time, surviving my commute on the tube in the rain and back again. I get lots of compliments when I wear it so I highly recommend."
A second reviewer wrote: "Really solid everyday fragrance whose base notes last for hours. No nonsense packaging, perfect size for hand bag to reapply. First time I've bought a fragrance without testing and I'm left very satisfied with my choice. Goes without saying excellent value for money."
While a third added: "Vanilla heaven. Lovely vanilla essence. Smells very expensive. Always get compliments." A fourth said: "Warm, soft and inviting, this great perfume is beautiful, it lasts and it brings so many compliments."
Although, this customer found Vanilla Nue wasn't for them, as they said: "I loved the description of this perfume and it smells great in the bottle. However it doesn’t work well on my skin. I wish BP would sell small 5ml tester bottles so we could try a perfume out before paying for a whole bottle. Otherwise it’s a waste of money, and perfume."
This customer wasn't convinced of it being a worthy alternative to a more expensive fragrance, they wrote: "Ok, but nothing to write home about. Would certainly dispute it smelling like a perfume costing more than £100... that said, it's a nice enough scent and it does seem to last on the skin."
Beauty Pie members can pick up the fragrance for £28, or regular customers can bag it for £60 here. Elsewhere on the market, vanilla fragrance lovers might want to check out Ariana Grande's Mod Vanilla, Eau De Parfum, which at the time of writing has been reduced at ASOS to £31.45 from £37 or for £33 at Amazon.
Additionally, Space NK has the PHLUR Vanilla Skin Body Mist for £24 which has received rave reviews, or Boots has reduced the price of the Cosmic Kylie Jenner Eau de Parfum 100ml which is now down to £36.66 from £55.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.