Profile
Sections
Local
tv
Featured
More From NBC
Follow NBC News
 news Alerts
There are no new alerts at this time
Scooter Braun announced Monday that he is officially retiring from managing some of the music industry's biggest stars as he fully embraces his role as CEO of Hybe America and spends more time with his children. 
The news is not entirely unexpected after headlines last year that Braun’s firm, SB Projects, had parted ways with singers Demi Lovato and Idina Menzel. Reports also speculated that Braun was potentially on the outs with Justin Bieber, one of his oldest clients, and Ariana Grande. 
Braun issued a statement officially declaring that after more than 20 years, "this chapter as a music manager has come to an end." The move was at least two years in the making, but Braun said a conversation with a client last year solidified the decision.
"One of my biggest clients and friends told me that they wanted to spread their wings and go in a new direction," Braun said. "We had been through so much together over the last decade, but instead of being hurt I saw it as a sign." 
Braun's investment firm, Ithaca Holdings, merged with Hybe America, a branch of a South Korean entertainment company, in 2021. As part of the sale, Braun was offered the opportunity to lead the U.S. operations. 
He described his work-life balance as untenable, particularly as his family life has suffered. Braun and his former wife, Yael Cohen, filed for divorce in 2021. 
Braun noted that as a talent manager, he was constantly on call for some of the industry's biggest stars 24 hours a day without a day off.
"But as my children got older, and my personal life took some hits, I came to the realization that my kids were 3 superstars I wasn’t willing to lose," he said. "The sacrifices I was once willing to make I could no longer justify. It was time to step into a new role." 
Braun said in his statement that he was excited to help Hybe grow and invest in new talent through his role as CEO while also reflecting on how far Bieber and Grande have developed since he began managing them as children. 
"To see them both come up to be the legends they are today will forever be one of my greatest honors," he said. "As we change our working relationships now, I will continue to root for them with the same passion that I did at each of their humble beginnings."
A spokesperson for Grande said in a statement last week that she will be managed by Good World Management going forward but that she and Braun look forward "to continuing their long-standing business partnership." 
Though Braun is leaving the role of manager, his firm will continue to manage clients as Allison Kaye and Jennifer McDaniels lead the company. 
"These two incredibly powerful women will now step into a role that I know will grow into the most impressive women-led management business our industry has even seen," he said. 
Doha Madani is a senior breaking news reporter for NBC News. Pronouns: she/her.
Diana Dasrath is entertainment producer and senior reporter for NBC News covering all platforms.
© 2025 NBCUniversal Media, LLC