Partly sunny, warm, and a bit humid through early afternoon, then showers and t-storms becoming more likely in the mid to late afternoon and evening; a few gusty storms or heavy downpours are possible. .
                                
Mostly cloudy with shower and t-storms likely, especially before midnight. 
 Updated: May 3, 2025 @ 4:01 pm
Reporter
It was a moment audio engineer Kyle Mann said was nothing short of surreal: winning a Grammy Award for his work on singer-songwriter Victoria Monet's "Jaguar II."
"It didn't fully compute. I'm not sure if it still has fully computed," said Mann.
"It was a little like a waking dream of sorts," he added.
Mann lived in Fleetwood between 1995 and 2004. He said he recorded with bands at some local studios in Berks County.
"I went to Brandywine Heights, and I left and moved to Nashville and was there for a while," Mann explained.
He said when he was 12 years old, a four-track reel-to-reel recorder his cousin got sparked his interest.
"It blew my mind that he could record his band and then record himself again by singing over it," said Mann.
Now Mann's work can be heard on releases from artists like Andy Grammer and Ariana Grande.
"There's nothing that I love more than getting to record an incredible singer," said Mann.
"He is just a beaming light. He is everything a friend could ask for. He is just top notch," friend Chris Barlet said of Mann.
Barlet said he has known Mann since middle school.
They were in the music program in the Brandywine Heights Area School District.
"He was a phenomenal bass player, just all-around musician, Barlet said. "He just blew everybody away with his knowledge and his ability to play pretty much any instrument you put in front of him."
And now, Mann is a Grammy Award winner.
"I woke up in the middle of the night and just went on Instagram and saw that he won, and I couldn't sleep the rest of the night," Barlet said. "I was just so over-the-top excited for this guy."
Reporter
Matt Roush, TV Insider
Dan Clarendon, TV Insider
Dan Clarendon, TV Insider
Dan Clarendon, TV Insider
Dan Clarendon, TV Insider

                            Get local Breaking News alerts sent directly to your inbox.
                        

Success! An email has been sent to  with a link to confirm list signup.
                                    

Error! There was an error processing your request.
                                    

                            Watch all of WFMZ-TV News and Syndicated Programing 24/7 on your Streaming App enabled TV.
                        
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers:
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.