Please refresh the page or navigate to another page on the site to be automatically logged inPlease refresh your browser to be logged in
The celebrity crowd at Wimbledon has featured stars such as the Beckhams, Sienna Miller and David Attenborough so far 
I would like to be emailed about offers, events and updates from The Independent. Read our Privacy notice
Wimbledon’s Royal Box is known for hosting a starry guest list – and there are plenty of familiar faces in the stands for the men’s final.
Each year, the Royal Box is a hub of celebrity happenings, like last year when American musician Ariana Grande caused a frenzy among her fans when she appeared at the men’s singles final not wearing her wedding ring.
Keep up with Wimbledon 2024 via our liveblog.
The Royal Box, situated in the prime-viewing slot at Centre Court, has been used for the entertainment of friends and guests of Wimbledon since 1922, and it has 74 exclusive seats. Invitations are sent by the Chairman of the All England Club, but members of The Championships’ Organising Committee and The Lawn Tennis Association can make suggestions.
Many celebrities are returning guests, like Beckham and his mother Sandra, while new generations of actors and public figures are inducted into the Wimbledon VIP world each year.
Find out all of the familiar faces in the Royal Box at Wimbledon, below:
Day 14
All the stars came out for the men’s final on Sunday (14 July). Kate Middleton made an appearance alongside her sister, Pippa. It’s the second event the princess has attended since revealing her cancer diagnosis.
Tom Cruise was also in attendance alongside his Mission: Impossible director Christopher McQuarrie, as well as actor Benedict Cumberbatch and his wife Sophie Hunter. Australian tennis pro Lleyton Hewitt was seated in the royal box as was London mayor, Sadiq Khan.
Day 13
Several famous stars rushed to see Barbora Krejcikova beat Jasmine Paolini in the Wimbledon women’s final. On Saturday (13 July), Zendaya – the Hollywood star of Luca Guadagnino’s tennis drama Challengers – was spotted at the game as was fellow actor Kate Beckinsale (Serendipity, the Underworld franchise) and Skyfall and 1917 director Sam Mendes. 
Hugh Jackman, who is in London to promote his new film, Deadpool & Wolverine, was also in attendance, sat with theatre director Ian Rickson, while singer Ellie Goulding and Strictly Come Dancing professional Johannes Radebe were also present. Former tennis pros Billie Jean King and Martina Navratilova were there, also.
Day 12 
The final Friday of the Wimbledon tournament saw many familiar faces from the stage and the screen seated in the Royal Box. Bridget Jones actor Hugh Grant arrived alongside his wife Anna Eberstein. Meanwhile, McMafia star James Norton, Oppenheimer actor Rami Malek, Billions’ Damian Lewis, comedian Sharon Horgan and The Devil Wears Prada favourite Stanley Tucci were all in attendance. 
“Goldfinger” singer Dame Shirley Bassey also stepped out, days after recieving her Companion of Honour award for her services to music from the King on Tuesday (9 July). 
Day 11
In attendance on day 11 were six-time Wimbledon singles champion Billie Jean King and her partner Ilana Kloss, herself a former Wimbledon junior champion and No 1-ranked doubles player. Gavin & Stacey’s Rob Brydon was also in the stands, along with Endeavour actor Roger Allam.
Day 10
Bjorn Ulvaeus of Abba fame could be seen on day 10, along with Hollywood royalty Keira Knightley and her husband James Righton, the former lead singer of Klaxons. Withnail & I’s Richard E Grant was on the guest list too, accompanied by screenwriter and producer Jemima Khan.
Day nine
Royalty graced the box on day nine, with Princess Beatrice in attendance. In an odd-couple pairing, British actor Stephen Fry and Girls creator and star Lena Dunham also went together. They co-starred on the comedy movie Treasure. Comedian Michael McIntyre was also there with his wife, Kitty. Alfie star Sienna Miller and her boyfriend Oli Green were present, too. And musician Cliff Richard was also on the guestlist.
Day eight
Comedian Lenny Henry was joined by his wife Lisa Makin as he enjoyed the games on day eight. Singer and TV personality Nicole Scherzinger also attended the matches solo, as her fiancé and international rugby player Thom Evans appeared to be away. 
Day seven 
Wimbledon’s first weekend saw familiar faces from the entertainment industry seated in the Royal Box. On day seven, former Bake Off  judge Mary Berry attended the tournament with her daughter Annabel Bosher. Also seated for the action was Magic Mike’s Last Dance actor Salma Hayek, Love Actually director Richard Curtis and Pointless presenter Richard Osman. 
Sports presenter Gabby Logan also stepped out with her proffessional rugby player husband Kenny, who she recently revealed she had threatened to leave during a menopause “meltdown”. 
Day six 
As is tradition on the middle Saturday of the tournament, Wimbledon day six saw a long list of Olympians and sports stars seated in the Royal Box. 
There was Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola, who stepped out with his wife Cristina Serra; England cricket captain Ben Stokes; and Lionesses captain Leah Williamson, who attended with her father David. 
To continue the sports star-filled guest list, Olympic gold medalist Jessica Ennis, cricketer Joe Root, and cyclists Laura Kenny and Chris Hoy also made appearances.
Day five 
Day five’s Royal Box guests included Dustin Hoffman, Marcus Wareing, Lord Andrew Lloyd Webber, and Emily Eavis. 
The Graduate actor Dustin Hoffman attended with his wife Lisa. Meanwhile, the celebrity chef arrived at the tournament alongside his wife Jane, and Glastonbury Festival organiser Eavis came off the back of another successful year at Worthy Farm, which saw headline sets from Dua Lipa and SZA. 
Day four 
Day four’s VIP attendees included Bear Grylls and the Princess of Wales’ parents. The 50-year-old adventurer and TV presenter attended alongside his wife Shara while Carole Middleton stepped out for the tennis alongside Kate’s father Michael. 
Day three 
The third day saw Theresa May and tennis star Maria Sharapova in the stands. The former prime minister, who served from 2016 to 2019, attended alongside her husband Phillip. Meanwhile, former world number one tennis player Sharapova took a seat alongside her fiancé, British businessman Alexander Gilkes. 
Day two 
Wimbledon’s second day saw Sir Cliff Richard, Foo Fighters frontman Dave Grohl and Duran Duran’s Simon Le Bon all watching the tennis drama unfold. 
Richard, who is a regular face among the crowds, was joined by his friend and ITN newsreader Sir Trevor McDonald. Meanwhile, 55-year-old rocker Grohl was joined by his wife and director, Jordyn Blum and Duran Duran’s Le Bon took a seat beside them. 
Day one 
Day one’s crew of A-listers were a familiar crowd, including David Attenborough, Baroness Floella Benjamin and David Beckham. 
The 98-year-old Planet Earth presenter and his daughter Susan have made a tradition of attending the games together over previous tournaments. Meanwhile, former England footballer Beckham is known for bringing along his mother, Sandra, to the tennis championships each year.
Join thought-provoking conversations, follow other Independent readers and see their replies
Please refresh the page or navigate to another page on the site to be automatically logged inPlease refresh your browser to be logged in