By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Another Met Gala has come and gone. On Monday night, celebrities arrived to the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York in celebration of the Costume Institute’s new exhibition, “Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion,” in wide range of looks. Guests were encouraged to adhere to this year’s theme, “The Garden of Time,” which was inspired by the 1962 short story by J.G. Ballard, and they did not disappoint.
While the some stars donned intricate, bespoke floral gowns and headpieces paired with simple sandals, others focused on their feet wearing dramatic, statement shoes. 

 











			Watch on FN		





Jennifer Lopez, one of the evening’s co-chairs, for instance, chose independent designer Andrea Wazen for her Met Gala red carpet shoes. She wore the designer’s Loulou platforms that sat on an 150 mm heel and was made entirely of luxurious satin. 

Related Stories Kylie Jenner Sits Courtside in Wild Snakeskin Boots at Lakers Game With Boyfriend Timothée Chalamet From Angelic Boots to Burger Sneakers: Katy Perry’s Met Gala Shoes Through the Years 
“It’s such an honor to see my shoes placed on Lopez for the biggest night of the year! I am so grateful to her amazing stylists Rob and Mariel for being so supportive of my brand from the very start,” Wazen told FN. “I love how [Lopez] is often seen in my shoes and I truly feel she connects with the brand so well and has become a muse for me when designing each collection.”
Other stars with the best shoes of the night decided to go custom. 
Kylie Jenner wore a standout pair of Sergio Rossi srBella custom-made slingbacks in champagne crepe satin, which matched her Oscar de la Renta gown.
And FKA Twigs, meanwhile, went with height for her Met Gala shoes, wearing a pair of custom ‘GZ AIDA’ cream suede platform sandals by Giuseppe Zanotti. The singer went even further and accessorized her feet with crystal toe-rings and anklets. 
In another custom shoe moment, former LSU women’s basketball star and current WNBA player Angel Reese made her Met Gala debut in Stuart Weitzman. Reese paired Weitzman’s Eva 75 slingback in custom-dyed seafoam satin to match her 16Arlington by Marco Capaldo gown. The heels were further customized with over 600 crystals, each meticulously placed by hand.

 









“I’ve always dreamed of this moment and being her on my 22nd birthday is amazing,” she said inside the Mark Hotel before making her way to the Met Gala red carpet. “I feel beautiful and I feel sexy.”
But the custom shoe that may have won the night? Ariana Grande‘s Christian Louboutin x Maison Margiela’s Tabis. The singer was the Met Gala’s surprise performer and Grande took the stage in a bespoke Maison Margiela Artisanal by John Galliano dress. The custom Tabis were then hand painted to match the greens and blues seen in her performance ensemble. 
Grande wasn’t the only Met Gala attendee is custom Christian Louboutin for Maison Margiela. The designer duo also outfitted two of the Met Gala’s most stylish co-hosts, Zendaya and Bad Bunny, with custom-made Tabi split-toe looks.
Bad Bunny’s Tabi boots, worn with spats, were a standout part of his Margiela haute couture look — composed of a midnight blue wool smoking jacket with black grosgrain lapels and red silk ribbon inseam lampasse. For Zendaya’s look, her custom-made Louboutin x Margiela Tabi pumps peeked out from her haute couture sage lamé and organza bias-cut dress worn over a duchess satin corset. 
For all of the 2024 Met Gala shoes, click through the gallery.
By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.