By ASHLEIGH GRAY FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  08:03, 13 December 2024   |  Updated:  09:09, 13 December 2024   
 26
View  comments
Cynthia Erivo and Zoe Saldana commanded attention as they both opted for black outfits at Thursday evening's Screen Actors Guild Awards Season Celebration event in Los Angeles.
The 37-year-old Wicked actress arrived in a long-sleeved dress with a triangular, sequin covered center.
The frock boasted lace detailing and an attached wrap that tied at the front. 
Erivo's ensemble was likely put together with help from her go-to fashion stylist Jason Bolden.
Meanwhile, the 46-year-old Emilia Pérez star modeled a slinky, sleeveless number with asymmetric straps.
Cynthia Erivo and Zoe Saldana commanded attention as they both opted for black outfits at Thursday evening's Screen Actors Guild Awards Season Celebration event in Los Angeles
The 37-year-old Wicked actress arrived in a long-sleeved dress with a triangular, sequin covered center
The frock boasted lace detailing and an attached wrap that tied at the front 
Erivo showed off what have become her signature accessories - long, ornately embellished nails
Erivo showed off what have become her signature accessories - long, ornately embellished nails.
And the Harriet actress hit the red carpet with her hair buzzed while showing off an array of small, silver-toned hoop earrings.
Erivo has received a 2025 Golden Globe nomination in the Best Performance By A Female Actor In A Motion Picture – Musical Or Comedy category for her turn as Elphaba in Wicked.
Her co-star and close friend Ariana Grande was also nominated, and the singer said they immediately sent each other congratulatory flowers.
'We were just crying together and screaming, and we sent each other flowers immediately,' the 7 Rings songstress told People this week. 
'I'm just really deeply proud of her and of us together and the work that we've done. And to see it be recognized is just so — the weight is more than I could have imagined,' she added.
Saldana also received a Golden Globe nod in the Best Supporting Actress category for her part as Rita in Emilia Pérez, which also stars Selena Gomez.
'It feels really overwhelmingly beautiful,' she said of the honor while speaking with People. 
'I didn't know how much I wanted it because I stopped thinking that it would ever happen for someone like me. I'm really having an out of body experience and my heart is full of gratitude. It feels good to be recognized for the hard work that you put into something that you believe so much in,' the veteran entertainer added.
The 46-year-old Emilia Pérez star modeled a slinky, sleeveless number with asymmetric straps
Saldana posed up with Monsters actor Cooper Koch, 28
Shrinking star Christa Miller, 60, showed up to the gathering in a sleek, brown, leather dress. 
The entertainer showed off her fit figure in the body-hugging piece, which was long sleeved and fell to her ankles.
She wore soft crimps in her shoulder-grazing brunette locks, which she styled in a center part.
Miller rounded out her fashion-forward display with a pair of shiny black, round-toe shoes. 
Comedian Fortune Feimster, 44, was also present at the starry Chateau Marmont-hosted affair.
Fortune, who recently released a new Netflix special, wore a silvery gray blazer over a black shirt and added dark trousers. 
Shrinking star Christa Miller, 60, showed up to the gathering in a sleek, brown, leather dress
Comedian Fortune Feimster, 44, was also present at the starry Chateau Marmont-hosted affair
Natasha Rothwell, 44, flashed her megawatt smile as she attended the party in a little black dress with fine stone stripes and sheer long sleeves
Filmmaker Mario Van Peebles, 67, looked spiffy in a cranberry-red pantsuit with black accessories. And 53-year-old actor Walton Goggins looked great in a gray, black, and white color palette
Before hitting the swanky second annual SAG celebration Cynthia turned heads earlier in the day while out in West Hollywood
The fashionista kept cozy in a sizable, full-length, black puffer jacket with an exaggerated collar
Before hitting the swanky second annual SAG celebration Cynthia turned heads earlier in the day while out in West Hollywood.
The fashionista kept cozy in a sizable, full-length, black puffer jacket with an exaggerated collar.
She wore an argyle-patterned sweater dress underneath her outer layer and carried a large, metallic silver Louis Vuitton purse. 
Erivo punctuated the statement-making ensemble with a pair of pointy-toe, apple red boots with silver hardware details.
And she layered a long, green, beaded necklace around her neck while sporting a toned-down, natural-looking makeup application.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group