John Fogerty, leader of the '60s-'70s Rock & Roll Hall of Fame band Creedence Clearwater Revival, will play Pinewood Bowl on Sunday.
Entertainment reporter/columnist
We know all the songs — “Proud Mary,” “Fortunate Son,” “Born on the Bayou,” “Down on the Corner,” “Who’ll Stop the Rain,” “Bad Moon Rising,” “Looking Out My Back Door” — and Sunday night, we’ll get to hear them live from their creator.
Those are, of course, the songs of Creedence Clearwater Revival and their creator is John Fogerty, who will celebrate them at Pinewood Bowl.
The “we” who know all the songs isn’t just the 3,000 or so people who will make their way to the Pioneers Park amphitheater Sunday. It’s a surprisingly wide multi-generational, trend-defying swath of listeners, as Rolling Stone unearthed this week.
“CCR are the most awesomely bizarre case of a classic band that’s bigger than ever right now, without anyone really noticing,” wrote Rolling Stone’s Rob Sheffield. “But their greatest-hits collection 'Chronicle' is riding high on the Billboard 200 every week, always somewhere in the thirties or forties. It’s currently Number 39, right ahead of the new Ariana Grande album. It’s higher than anything by the Beatles or the Stones or Zeppelin or Queen.”
The continuing presence of “Chronicle” on the charts and the continuing ubiquity of the songs in movie and television soundtracks, and on terrestrial and, especially, satellite radio, led the magazine to headline its story “The Biggest Band in America in 2024 is ... Creedence Clearwater Revival.”
That thrilled Fogerty, who posted a video of his reaction on X.
“This is pretty exciting,” Fogerty said. “Rolling Stone just published an article saying that the No. 1 band in America in 2024 is Creedence Clearwater Revival. and, of course, they spoke about all those songs that Creedence did. I wrote ‘Proud Mary,' 'Bad Moon Rising' and 'Green River,' all these other songs that came directly from my heart at the time.”
“I think it’s fascinating and pretty wonderful that my music is still revered like this. God bless you fans for hanging onto these songs and singing them, carrying them in your heart all these years. I’m excited. I think it’s really cool. Thank you for this wonderful gift.”
Fogerty first played those songs in Lincoln in May 1972 when CCR stopped at Pershing Auditorium on a 20-date tour in support of “Mardi Gras,” the band’s seventh and final album. That show occurred just five months before Creedence disbanded, never to reunite, save for a 1980 performance at brother Tom Fogerty’s wedding.
The CCR rhythm section of bassist Stu Cook and drummer Doug Clifford played the Zoo Bar with Sir Douglas Quintet and Texas Tornados frontman Doug Sahm back in the ‘80s. But Fogerty hasn’t played in Lincoln in 52 years.
As fans hope and expect, Fogerty and his Travelin’ Band have been playing a preponderance of CCR songs on “The Celebration Tour,” usually about 15 to 20, with a song from the Golliwogs, CCR’s predecessor, and his biggest solo hits – “Centerfield,” “The Old Man Down the Road” and “Rock and Roll Girls” thrown in.
Interestingly, CCR didn’t have a No. 1 hit during their four-year life span. But they landed 14 consecutive top 10s from 1968-72 and their first hit “Susie Q” just missed, coming in at No. 11.
Ultra-productive, CCR released seven albums and has sold more than 45 million albums in the U.S alone. Five of those records – 1969’s “Bayou Country,” “Green River,” which had its 55th anniversary Wednesday, “Willy and the Poor Boys” and 1970’s “Cosmo’s Factory” and “Pendulum” are counted among the greatest rock ‘n’ roll albums ever.
And, at least for some of us, they made CCR, in the words of the late, great Mojo Nixon, "the only band that matters” and not just in the late ‘60s and early ‘70s.
I’ve done my best to see Fogerty as many times as possible and have never been disappointed by the performance — at 79, he can still sing ‘em the way they should be sung, play the guitar licks that have been burned into the mind – and the songs that will forever remain rock ‘n’ roll at its finest.
See you Sunday.
Download the new Journal Star News Mobile App
Reach the writer at 402-473-7244 or kwolgamott@journalstar.com. On Twitter @KentWolgamott  
Receive the latest in local entertainment news in your inbox weekly!
Entertainment reporter/columnist
Tickets go on sale Thursday for a Sept. 10 Lied Center for Performing Arts concert by Amy Grant.
The 34th year of Jazz in June, the free outdoor music series, will feature artists Jumaane Smith, Caity Gyorgy, Pete Fucinaro and Sam Greenfield.
On Monday, fans will learn if Jadyn Olesen advances to the live rounds of the NBC singing competition.
The Music Box, a space to cultivate and foster Lincoln musicians on 14th Street south of O Street and the first element of Lincoln's music dis…
Lincoln folk/Americana trio The Wildwoods will celebrate "Meadowlark," their new album about Nebraska, Saturday before going back on the road …
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Sign up with
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Sign in with
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.