When it comes to purchasing perfume, either for personal use or as a Christmas gift, the toughest choice isn't typically the brand but the size. However, Boots has simplified my decision by slashing the price of the 100ml version of one of my favourite scents - and it's only 11p pricier than a 50ml bottle.
Kylie Jenner's debut fragrance, Cosmic , launched at Boots in March and swiftly became the store's fastest-selling perfume launch of 2024. Despite my usual avoidance of celebrity perfumes, this one quickly earned a place in my regular rotation due to the numerous compliments it garners.
Typically priced at £34 for 30ml , £43 for 50ml or £55 for 100ml, it's already a reasonably priced scent compared to other renowned brands like Marc Jacobs, Yves Saint Laurent and Dior. But all three sizes have been discounted for Black Friday, allowing me to stock up and complete my Christmas shopping.
READ MORE: Best beauty advent calendars for 2024 that are available to buy now from Boots, Liz Earle and more
READ MORE: I worked at Boots and these are the best early Black Friday deals to shop now for Christmas
Now, a 30ml bottle is less than £30, priced at £28.90, while the 50ml bottle is now £36.55. The largest bottle, 100ml, has a larger discount and currently costs £36.66 , which is just 11p more for a bottle twice the size. It's almost as cheap as the 30ml bottle at full price, reports the Liverpool Echo .
The perfume is characterised as a 'magnetic ambery floral', boasting top notes of sweet star jasmine and fresh blood orange, complemented by rich golden amber and red peony. The scent is rounded off with warm, cosy notes of cedarwood and vanilla musk, which shoppers describe as 'smells sweet, feminine, and not too overpowering.
I started wearing Cosmic in the summer, and it’s carried me through from the balmy sunny evenings of August all the way through to these chillier weeks. Usually, I opt for quite sultry scents with notes of wood, leather and spice. I like those almost aftershave-y notes, so the sweet floral scent of Kylie Jenner’s perfume was quite a change from my usual favourites - but a refreshing one, to say the least.
I’m used to quite strong perfumes, but Cosmic is incredibly subtle by comparison, so much so that I often can’t really smell it on myself after an hour or so beyond a lingering sweetness. However, whenever I wear it, everyone around me seems to notice - especially my fiance, who can’t stop complimenting me whenever I wear it. I love that it makes itself known without being overpowering, and because it’s relatively inexpensive compared to others I own, I’m quite happy to be liberal with the application to satisfy my own mind, too.
I’m not the only one who loves it, either, with the fragrance racking up more than 1,400 five star reviews . One said: “After seeing reviews, I finally caved in to purchase. I love Kylie and support all of her products, but for perfumes, I'm more picky. This did not disappoint. It smells sweet, feminine, and not too overpowering.”
Another added: “i purchased this fragrance about 2 weeks ago. i truly wear it everyday. it is the perfect sexy scent for everyday wear. i will say, i spray A LOT & it's not overwhelming. scent doesn't seem to last all day..so i just purchased the body mist and small on the go bottle to re-up when needed. this is my new favorite scent.”
“Absolutely beautiful perfume ,” penned a third. “An elegant scent that’s not too overwhelming but smells gentle and soft. I also love the shape of the bottle, unusual and pretty.”
Though I can see how it might be too sweet for some people, with one shopper leaving a three-star review, which read: “This perfume is very sweet and warm smell, almost nauseatingly so. I was not impressed with how long it lasted either.”
There are plenty of other celebrity perfumes worth checking out, though, whether you’re thinking about Christmas gifts or just fancy a change for the festive season. Jada Jones, our resident fragrance fanatic, waxes lyrical about Billie Eilish's Eilish. She said: “It's a perfect gourmand. There's vanilla but also a dash of cocoa that really rounds it out.
"It's sweet but doesn't cross the line into sickly, thanks to some woody and spicy notes lingering near the base. Whenever I've worn it on dates, I've received compliments, and friends often ask me what I'm wearing. I think it's a good option for late teens and women in their 20s and 30s and definitely a treat for under the Christmas tree — I'm actually expecting my dad to 'surprise' me with it.”
Meanwhile, shopping writer Lauren Codling is still a fan of the nostalgic Britney Spears Fantasy. She added: “It never crossed my mind to choose any other celebrity perfume besides Britney Spear's Fantasy — the iconic fragrance that graced nearly every teenage girl's dressing table back in the day. Nearly two decades after its initial launch in 2005, Fantasy still stands the test of time; it's the ideal balance of fun and sophistication, transporting anyone who wears it back to the good ol' carefree days of BlackBerry phones and frosted eyeshadow.”
Or, if you’re a fan of the new Wicked film, Ariana Grande Ari Eau de Parfum Spray , 50ml is currently reduced on Amazon for £24.45, down from £40. The bottle is definitely giving Glinda vibes, while the scent itself is described as having ‘sparkling fruits and an ultra-feminine floralcy’. Or you can buy Kylie Jenner’s Cosmic on offer at Boots here.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.