After 14 years a new ‘Wicked’ book is coming—here’s what you need to know
If you’ve sensed something magical brewing in the literary world, you’d be correct. Gregory Maguire’s bestselling Wicked series is returning with a new prequel book and a stunning lineup of special editions, just in time for the upcoming Wicked. Here’s everything we know so far, including exclusive insights from the author himself.
William Morrow
In honor of the Wicked movie’s release later this month, William Morrow Publishing is releasing three special editions of Wicked: The Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the West. Maguire’s 1995 bestseller, which reimagined L. Frank Baum’s Wizard of Oz series, will now come in a collector’s edition with green-edged pages, an elegant black ribbon bookmark, exclusive Oz maps and a beautifully foil-stamped cover.
William Morrow
For the first time, all four Wicked books—Wicked, Son of a Witch, A Lion Among Men and Out of Oz—will be sold as a box set. This illustrated box will feature a fresh design showcasing the Emerald City and the Wicked Witch’s hat. The books will also come with new cover designs to celebrate this milestone. 
gregory maguire​
With the Wicked movie adaptation set to premiere on November 22, 2024, starring Ariana Grande as Glinda and Cynthia Erivo as Elphaba, there will also be a special movie tie-in edition featuring the two stars on the cover. 
Wicked was originally published in 1995, was adapted into a hit Broadway musical in 2003 and will finally be hitting the big screen this month. 
“Most storytellers I know dive into our created worlds—any Oz of our own invention—out of a need for solitude,” Maguire exclusively told Woman’s World. “But Wicked has detonated into the world big, loud and lastingly.” 
“I’ve had to become presentable—mostly this involves more clean t-shirts—but it’s been worth it. The continued public embrace of Wicked in all its forms reminds me that in the private scribbling of our weird stories, alone in our coldwater garrets, we’re still trying to make a connection with readers. Maybe even to change someone else—for good.” 
Each of these special editions is available for purchase now wherever books are sold. 
William Morrow
If getting three new editions of Wicked wasn’t enough, Maguire and William Morrow are also releasing a brand new book in the series!
It is going to be called Elphie: A Wicked Childhood and is expected to hit shelves on March 25, 2025, 14 years after the release of Out of Oz, the last book in the Wicked tetralogy. 
The book will serve as a prequel, focusing on Elphaba’s life as a child. According to a press release obtained by Woman’s World, the plot will follow the Wicked Witch of The West after she “encounters the mistreatment of the Animal populations of Oz, which live adjacent to but not intertwined with human settlements, haunted by a Monkey and receiving aid from Dwarf Bears. She thrashes through her first bruising attempts at friendship, a possible lifeline from her tricky family life. And she gleans the benefits of an education, haphazard though it must be—until she arrives at the doors of Shiz University, about to meet the radiant creature that is Glinda.” 
As is the case with Wicked, there will also be exclusive editions of this book featuring sprayed green edges and a stunning map of Oz. 
You can preorder Elphie: A Wicked Childhood now wherever books are sold.
For more 'Wicked' and 'Wizard of Oz' content, keep scrolling! 
Catch Up With the Original ‘Wicked’ Musical Cast—See What These Broadway Stars Are Up To Now
What Margaret Hamilton Really Thought About Her Iconic Role as the Wicked Witch of Oz (EXCLUSIVE)
All the Actresses Who Have Played Dorothy: 10 ‘Wizard of Oz’ Stars Who Followed the Yellow Brick Road
Conversation
All comments are subject to our Community Guidelines. Woman's World does not endorse
					the opinions and views shared by our readers in our comment sections. Our comments section is a place
					where readers can engage in healthy, productive, lively, and respectful discussions. Offensive language,
					hate speech, personal attacks, and/or defamatory statements are not permitted. Advertising or spam is
					also prohibited.
				
You have successfully subscribed.
Part of the a360media Women's Service Group.Copyright © a360media 2025. All Rights Reserved
By clicking Sign In, you agree to our Terms and Conditions and that you have read our Privacy Policy.
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include:
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include: