Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Director Jennifer Kaytin Robinson's recent post about the 1998 slasher sequel led fans to push for Brandy's return in the Sony feature that hits theaters next year.

							By 

	Ryan Gajewski

Senior Entertainment Reporter

Brandy apparently did not know what Sony Pictures is doing next summer.

	During a recent conversation with The Hollywood Reporter to promote Disney Channel’s latest Descendants sequel, the star was asked about Sony’s I Know What You Did Last Summer movie reboot that is coming in hot with a theatrical release date set for July 18, 2025. Brandy emphasized that she had not heard about the new project but would want to return as Karla Wilson, the character she played in the 1998 sequel I Still Know What You Did Last Summer. 



	“I didn’t know Sony was putting that together,” Brandy tells THR of the new film. “That’s interesting!”

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	Movies
			



	
		
					Sony Is Using Roblox to Market 'Karate Kid: Legends' to the Next Gen (Exclusive)		
			














	
	Movies
			



	
		
					Mamoru Hosoda's Anime Princess Film 'Scarlet' Lands December 2025 Release		
			








	When asked if she might be pulling a fast one in order to maintain secrecy about her potential appearance, Brandy maintained that she was indeed in the dark. “I’m not pulling a fast one on you,” she said. “I did not know that.”

	Brandy went on to note that her character indeed survived at the end of the film, which was a sequel to Columbia Pictures’ original 1997 slasher flick I Know What You Did Last Summer. THR previously reported that Jennifer Love Hewitt and Freddie Prinze Jr., who starred in both movies, were in talks to return for the new feature.

	“I need them to give me a call because I survived in that movie!” Brandy continued. “I came out in the end, bloodied up, ready to go. I did not die in that film.”

	She added, “Jennifer, Freddie, hit me up.”

THR reported last week that the cast for the new movie from director Jennifer Kaytin Robinson (Do Revenge) will include Camila Mendes (Riverdale), Madelyn Cline (Outer Banks), Sarah Pidgeon (Tiny Beautiful Things), Tyriq Withers (Atlanta) and Jonah Hauer-King (2023’s The Little Mermaid). Plot details have not yet been shared.

	Robinson took to social media Tuesday to clear up rumors that her film is ignoring the franchise’s previous sequels. “It is definitely not? ISKWYDLS is (canon)”, Robinson posted about the 1998 follow-up, leading some fans to reply that they hope this sets up Brandy to appear.

	The initial I Know What You Did Last Summer hit theaters on Oct. 17, 1997, and it surpassed $72 million at the box office ($142 million today). The cast included Hewitt, Prinze, Sarah Michelle Gellar and Ryan Phillippe and focused on a friend group stalked by a villain with a hook after they tried to cover up hitting him with their car. That movie was written by Scream scribe Kevin Williamson and based on the 1973 novel of the same name from author Lois Duncan.

	










	Robinson is helming the new project from a screenplay she co-wrote with Sam Lansky following an initial script from Leah McKendrick. Neal Moritz, who was a producer on the original film, is back for the reboot.

	Brandy has experienced a return to the spotlight of late. For Descendants: The Rise of Red, which is now streaming on Disney+ and hits Disney Channel next month, Brandy reprises her role of Cinderella that she originated in a 1997 ABC movie. She also stars in the A24 psychological movie The Front Room that hits theaters in September, and Ariana Grande’s update of Brandy and Monica’s hit 1998 song “The Boy Is Mine” has been getting radio play.

	“A resurgence!” Brandy told THR about her high-profile moment. “I’m still inspired. I love what I do. I’m just excited for everything to hit the scene and see what people think, and to see if people can still be inspired by what I do.”
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Get the scoops first! Breaking news and interviews on comics, sci-fi, horror and more
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.