International students receive emails from ISSS with guidance for maintaining immigration status, students report frustration
Vanderbilt community reacts to federal executive order to dissolve Department of Education
VADNOS: Vanderbilt has failed to stand up to Trump, and that should scare all of us
Law School ranks No. 14 in 2025 U.S. News rankings
University leaders condemn government oversight in AAC&U letter, Vanderbilt administration not listed
Record-low 4.7% of applicants admitted to Class of 2029, regular decision acceptance rate down to 3.3%
Student files lawsuit against The Broadview at Vanderbilt owners for mold negligence
UPDATED: MNPD on scene at Branscomb, student death reported
GUEST EDITORIAL: Vanderbilt, dare to fulfill your duty
VUMC halts all diversity, equity and inclusion programs
“​Wicked” debuted on Broadway just over 21 years ago, making it one of the longest-running musicals to date. Now, in 2024, the beloved story has finally arrived on the big screen and is appealing not only to longtime fans and Gen Z audiences but also to those who would not consider themselves theater fans. The film opened in theaters on Friday Nov. 22 and positive feedback about the adaptation has flooded social media since. 
The story is based on Gregory Maguire’s 1995 novel “Wicked,” which was inspired by the 1939 film “The Wizard of Oz.” The movie follows young Glinda (Ariana Grande) and Elphaba (Cynthia Erivo) during their time at the fictional Shiz University. We see the characters manage their studies, opposing personalities and the upheaval of the Oz they thought they knew. All of this unfolds with music from the original Broadway production, composed by Stephen Schwartz. Although the music was not the only experience appealing to the senses. “Wicked” is also breathtakingly beautiful in its visuals, featuring lush colors alongside whimsical costumes designed by Paul Tazewell and set designs created by Nathan Crowley. 
Aside from performances by Grande and Erivo, the “Wicked” movie still has a star-studded cast, including notable actors such as Jonathan Bailey as Fiyero, Bowen Yang as Pfannee, Jeff Goldblum as The Wizard of Oz and Michelle Yeoh as Madame Morrible. Considering the breadth of talent these names hold, the movie version of the “Wicked” musical appeared promising in the time leading up to its release but some Broadway purists questioned Grande’s casting due to her pop-star status. Ahead of the release, many fans of the musical, myself included, feared that Grande might not capture the operatic vocals and physical comedy that Kristin Chenoweth brought to the iconic role of Glinda. However, Grande’s portrayal was a breath of fresh air that still managed to stay true to the fundamentals of her character — a feat likely supported by her Broadway experience at age 15 in “13: The Musical.” 
The theater I went to found itself chuckling at the subtle comedy weaved throughout the film, primarily provided by Grande in true Glinda nature. Erivo’s performance was much anticipated and largely awaited, thanks to her time as a seasoned Broadway and film actress. Alas, Idina Menzel, who originally played the role of Elphaba on Broadway, left exceptionally large ruby-red shoes to fill — the intimidating vocal range required of Elphaba’s defining and iconic song “Defying Gravity” could likely challenge the best singers. Yet, there was no denying Erivo’s immense talent as her performance was nothing short of captivating, leaving viewers with chills as the ballad closed Part I of the story. 
Director Jon M. Chu’s decision to split the film adaptation into two parts was a choice that appeared, frankly, superfluous in the time leading up to the release. However, the decision appeared much more logical as the story unfolded on the big screen. The extra time allowed the creative team to delve deeper into Elphaba’s childhood, providing more context for the story and the adversity she faced. That extra time was needed for Chu to fully flesh out themes of friendship, belonging and doing what is right and provide space for more dialogue between songs than is customary in a typical stage musical. It allowed the actors and audience to explore the story’s first and second acts without feeling rushed.
Chu was also dedicated to paying homage to “The Wizard of Oz” in every way possible. Throughout the film, viewers can spot numerous references to the classic, such as a subtle nod to why the yellow brick road is yellow and the opening black-and-white Universal logo, reminiscent of the one used in “The Wizard of Oz.” Beyond the realms of film, Chu also referenced the original Broadway musical through some thrilling cameos, including the soundtrack’s composer Schwartz; the playwright, Winnie Holzman; and, most notably, Menzel and Chenoweth, the original Elphaba and Glinda, respectively. 
It is safe to say that “Wicked: Part I” was a success in pleasing long-term theatre fans, as well as intriguing new audiences to give it a shot. Was there a downside to the film?  Only one: sadly, we must wait until November 2025 for “Wicked: Part II.”
The official student newspaper of Vanderbilt University
 Cancel reply
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email *