Isabella Tobin reviews the cinema extravaganza, Wicked, bringing hope back to the genre of musical-to-movie adaptations
As someone who grew up loving the land of Oz, The Wizard of Oz is a home-comfort to me with the concept of a technicolour world with magic and pure joy. After 85 years, Oz was brought back to our screens through the cinematic masterpiece that is Wicked. Wicked tells the story of life before Dorothy dropped in, delving into the relationship between Elphaba, the Wicked Witch of the West (Cynthia Erivo), and Glinda, the Good Witch (Ariana Grande). Themes of friendship and girlhood shine through alongside elements of self-expression and finding power and strength within yourself. The feelings of joy, melancholy and love are all amalgamated into this film making any audience member want to truly ‘dance through life’!
Themes of friendship and girlhood shine through alongside elements of self-expression
This prequel of The Wizard of Oz premiered on Broadway in 2003 staring Idina Menzel as Elphaba and Kristen Chenoweth as Glinda. 21 years later, Cynthia Erivo plays Elphaba, the villainised green witch who is shut out by society. The beginning scene shows the citizens of Munchkinland celebrating the death of Elphaba after Dorothy has melted her, which is seen in the Wizard of Oz. After singing that ‘No One Mourns the Wicked’, Glinda the Good seems to look troubled when someone asks if she knew Elphaba. This is how the film starts as we flash back to their school days at Shiz where Elphaba and Glinda met for the first time. After loathing each other at the beginning of the film, the relationship between the green, study-hard witch and the popular, pink witch begins to blossom.
This film brings a true sense of love and friendship, which has glistened through to Erivo and Grande’s personal lives. In interviews you can truly see their beautiful connection and emotion when they talk about how they found parts of themselves that they have lost, in each other. Erivo speaks of the sense of softness Grande has given her and the strength Erivo has given Grande. This is reflected so perfectly in the film that it brings goosebumps to any audience member and is a reminder of cherishing girlhood that may not be appreciated enough.
Despite the two witches being the stars of the show, the supporting cast shine through and make the triumphant film what it is. The love interest, Fiyero played by the jaw-dropping Johnathon Bailey teaches audience members to have fun and not take life so seriously. His handsome, suave mannerisms will keep your eyes locked to the screen with his sonically gorgeous singing and smooth, stylish dancing.
Another character who stands out is the Wizard, played by Jeff Goldblum. Goldblum is a comfortable actor who you know will be outstanding in any role he plays. Despite being seen as a sensational Wizard who is all-powerful, he juxtaposes this by being somewhat nervous and neurotic with his stuttering and deceiving deliverance. This is met with the other leading figure in Elphaba’s life, Madame Morrible (Michelle Yeoh). She is a strong, fierce character leading with a supportive attitude towards Elphaba’s journey through Shiz. Both characters work well together to portray trusting figures of authority… but they may not be all they seem.
The harmonies and vocals send shivers down your spine as you feel raw emotion from the pure talent produced on the big screen
It is incredibly important to discuss the music in this film; 21 years later, the songs written by Stephen Schwartz have been reproduced with the vocalists from the stars of the film. The songs feel like an audible hug. The harmonies and vocals send shivers down your spine as you feel raw emotion from the pure talent produced on the big screen. Grande stood out magnificently in ‘Popular’ as the overwhelming sensation of pink and glitz and glam felt like a sugar-rush as you watch her operatically sing whilst she twinkles on the screen, skipping around her room.
The crux of the experience is the grand finale ‘Defying Gravity’: Elphaba and Ariana’s harmonies match perfectly as they hold hands and sing to each other. The finale is a build-up as you watch Erivo slowly take control of her power and as she becomes stronger this is reflected in her vocals, as she flawlessly belts the last part of the song. You will be holding your breath due to the inevitable need to sing along with her, whilst holding back many tears.
To conclude, this film will give you the brains to remember every song lyric, will warm your heart through the power of friendship and will give you the courage to express yourself.
Wicked is in cinemas now.
Read more from Film:
Redbrick Rewind: 12 Angry Men
Review: Megalopolis
Redbrick Rewind: Black Swan
Film Writer Archie Marks reviews We Live in Time, a startlingly life-affirming rom-com with superb performances
The late great David Lynch has likely entered each of our lives in one way or another. Here is Social Secretary Cassandra Fong's experience with the iconic director
Take a look at Social Secretary, Cassandra Fong's Top Five Favourite Films, from The Sound of Music to The Death of Stalin
Music Critic Soliyana Pellicer Alemayehu reviews Bad Bunny's newest album, 'DeBí TiRAR MáS FOToS', discussing the album's blending of old and new aspects of Puerto Rican culture
Music Critic Simran Seera reviews K-pop band Stray Kids' EP, Mixtape: dominATE, discussing the musical variety and reflections on fame and success present
In their new collaborative single, Lauv and LANY's voices blend seamlessly together to narrate the story of a one-sided relationship, Music Critic Chloe Hyde writes