Super Bowl Sunday, the most watched television event in the world, has officially come to pass. While most people tuned in for the big game, movie studios used the coveted airtime to debut some of the most anticipated releases of the year. Here are the extended trailers that aired during the big game:
“A Quiet Place: Day One”
The next installment of John Krasinski’s groundbreaking sci-fi horror franchise is coming — and this time taking a look at what led to the apocalypse at the hands of sound-sensitive creatures. 
Lupita Nyong’o, Joseph Quinn (“Stranger Things”) and Djimon Hounsou (reprising his role from “Part II”) star as Earth’s inhabitants the day the creatures invade. Michael Sarnoski, who directed the acclaimed Nicolas Cage film “Pig” in 2021, is at the helm.
“A Quiet Place: Day One” releases on June 28.
“Deadpool & Wolverine”
Ryan Reynolds is back as the merc with the mouth, this time accompanied by another iconic X-Men member. 
Formerly known as “Deadpool 3,” this next installment teases some fourth-wall-breaking jabs at Disney and Marvel courtesy of the self-aware character, as well as laughs and gore that the Marvel Comics character has become iconic for. Hugh Jackman reprises his role as Wolverine towards the trailer’s end, teasing a highly anticipated superhero team-up. 
Many hope that this will be the return to form that the Marvel Cinematic Universe needs, especially after the critical and commercial disappointments of “Quantumania” and “The Marvels.”
“Deadpool & Wolverine” releases on July 26.
“Wicked: Part One”
Jon M. Chu, director of “Crazy Rich Asians” and the movie adaptation of “In the Heights,” brings this iconic Broadway musical to the screen in a hotly-anticipated adaptation. 
A prequel to “The Wizard of Oz,” Cynthia Erivo and Ariana Grande respectively play the Wicked Witch of the West and Glinda the Good Witch, who we get our first look at in this trailer. We also get a glimpse of the supporting cast, including Oscar winner Michelle Yeoh as Madame Horrible and Jeff Goldblum as the Wizard of Oz himself.
“Wicked” is set to be a two-parter, with the first film releasing on Nov. 27, and the second coming at the same time next year.
“Twisters”
“Minari” director Lee Isaac Chung helms another story in small-town rural America, this time as destruction awaits it. 
This follow-up to the 1996 disaster blockbuster “Twister” stars Daisy Edgar-Jones, Glen Powell and Anthony Ramos as a rag-tag group of storm chasers who discover that there are not one, but two twisters in town.
“Twisters” releases on July 19.
“Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes”
Centuries after the events of “Dawn of the Planet of the Apes” comes another installment of the successful “Apes” reboot series; albeit this time with “The Maze Runner” director Wes Ball at the helm instead of “The Batman”’s Matt Reeves, who directed the other films in the new “Apes” series. This extended trailer promises thrilling action sequences and breathtaking motion-capture effects to capture the conquering apes.
“Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes” releases on May 10.
“The Fall Guy”
Ryan Gosling plays a has-been Hollywood stuntman in this loose adaptation of the classic TV series from director David Leitch (who helmed such action blockbusters as “John Wick,” “Atomic Blonde,” “Deadpool 2” and “Bullet Train”). 
This humorous new trailer promises a film that has “everything,” including comedy, “ice crimes,” action, a shirtless Gosling and Gosling crying to Taylor Swift songs in front of Emily Blunt, who stars as his frustrated ex.
“The Fall Guy” releases on May 3.
Brief 30-second ads also appeared for other anticipated releases for 2024, such as “Inside Out 2,” “Monkey Man,” “Kung Fu Panda 4,” “Despicable Me 4” and “IF.”
Some of these trailers expand on previous ads with more new footage, while others are audiences’ first-ever look at these upcoming films. Either way, all of these releases promise to dominate the 2024 box office and provide solid (if somewhat familiar, given many are sequels and remakes) blockbuster entertainment.
This article was edited by Bailey Hobbs, Sara Winick and Abigail Pritchard. Copy editing done by Luna Jinks and Charlie Mennuti.
life@theeagleonline.com
Section 202 hosts Connor Sturniolo and Gabrielle McNamee are joined by fellow Eagle staff member and phenomenal sports photographer, Josh Markowitz. Follow along as they discuss the United Football League and the benefits it provides for the world of professional football.