By 

	Marc Malkin

Senior Editor, Culture and Events

Ariana Grande fans were beside themselves when a rumor started circulating online last weekend that the Grammy-winning pop princess was planning on touring in 2025.

	However, her label quickly dashed their hopes by releasing a statement on social media that said, “There are no plans for a tour next year, but Ariana remains deeply appreciative of her fans and all the continued love, support and excitement.”





	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					State of the Video Game Industry: A Special Report		
			














	
		
					'House of the Dragon' Season 3 Casts Barry Sloane, Tom Cullen, Joplin Sibtain		
			








	I caught up with the “Wicked” star at the Golden Globes First-Time Nominees luncheon Tuesday afternoon to get some clarification.

	










			Popular on Variety		






	“I feel so grateful to the acting, and I think my fans know that music and being on stage will always be a part of my life, but I don’t see it coming anytime soon. I think the next few years, hopefully we’ll be exploring different forms of art, and I think acting is feeling like home right now,” Grande told me. “I am appreciative for [my fans’] understanding. I’m so grateful for the ways in which we’ve grown together over this whole journey with ‘Wicked.’ But music will always be a part of my life.”

	Then she cracked, “I’ll perform at my mother’s house.”

	Grande also revealed that the “Wicked” cast and crew sort of knew since they started filming that the title of the second movie would be “Wicked: For Good,” which was officially announced on Monday. “We had [‘For Good’] printed on our original scripts, the hard copies that we were originally given,” she said. “We were floating around different ideas but the scripts were printed with it since day one. I’m glad it’s official now because we grew rather attached to it.”

	Grande added, “It’s just the perfect title because this project really has changed us for good.”

	“Wicked: For Good” is set to hit theaters on Nov. 21, 2025.
The Business of Entertainment