Home    Forums    Movies    2025 Oscar Predictions: Best Supporting Actress (Part 6)
These are all respected women that have already been acknowledged by the acting industry, they’re not “khias” to these people because they’ve already checked their names on several ballots before. 
meanwhile, Ariana grande after a whopping 7 albums only got into the general field one year at her main job.
compare to, say, Gaga (four years).
or sara Bareilles (two years), or brandi Carlile (three years), or her (four years). who have nowhere near the Instagram obsessives screaming on the internet, but that’s not the main measure of industry respect.
agree to disagree: Glinda, particularly in the early parts of the story (Part 1 in this case), is more comedic and lighthearted than deeply dramatic. Her role calls for a more naturally restrained emotional depth in comparison to Elphaba, whose storyline is inherently heavier. Ariana’s approach is to reflect an intentional decision to remain true to Glinda’s character rather than a lack of acting skill or depth.
Plus, I feel Ariana gave nuance to Glinda that is noticeably absent from the character’s portrayals on Broadway. For example, during no one mourns the wicked, Ariana showcases Galinda’s complexities with juggling grief and complicity given the camera closeups and her vocal arrangement. Which perfectly setups up her arc in Part 2. 
Elphaba is written as the dramatic foil to Glinda so it’s an unfair comparison to make when Ariana’s portrayal of Glinda is being universally and positively perceived by fans of the broadway musical and source material to resonate with their expectations of the character.
 Gaga (four years). or sara Bareilles (two years), or brandi Carlile (three years), or her (four years). who have nowhere near the Instagram obsessives screaming on the internet, but that’s not the main measure of industry respect. 
I believe the reality is that Grammy voters clearly have their favorites, which only further highlights the corruption and lack of transparency in their voting criteria—a truth that more people are beginning to recognize.
Hence why The Weeknd has pledged to no longer submit his work for consideration.
But we can take this discussion in the Grammy threads.
Forgot to post my wicked’s quick review yesterday, so here it is: Pros:
Cons:
I think it was an okay film, but I couldn’t get the thought out of my head that I was watching the MCUification of a musical. I need to know the gay person from twitter who called it a masterpiece back in October, I need what he’s smoking. A 5/10 
Overall i rated it as 5/10 too. We know theatre has limitations, but when comes to play with a fantasy book I think would look better if it was directed from the perspective of an atmospheric visual and maximalist filmmaker
As the acting goes you can’t judge properly other than decent because when you start to judge their range, they’re already signing again and as good trained singers there’s no surprise
The movie is really overextended and as all two-part-movies super hyped at their release, i don’t think will age well
your reply stating i should “return to stan twitter or music forums” only further proves the point that movie related spaces reek of people with a superiority complex. as if youre one to dictate what i choose to do with my life or places i wanna spend my time on LMFAO. u guys are pathetic, boring individuals. if it struck a nerve it only further proves that im right.
also the attempt at taking a jab at me implying i belong to the stan twitter (trash according to you) is funny to say the least bcs i dont even take that place religiously anymore and its still a much better ‘positivity radiating’ place to be if you will than goldderby where everybody is a debbie downer and is constantly trying to have the “better opinion”, its actually so delightful to see u weirdos seething and foaming in the mouth over wicked already being a success! it’s giving “i feel superior over being more acquainted with the movie industry and better over having a so called elevated taste in movies other than liking some popstar featuring movie trash”
your reply stating i should “return to stan twitter or music forums” only further proves the point that movie related spaces reek of people with a superiority complex. as if youre one to dictate what i choose to do with my life or places i wanna spend my time on LMFAO. u guys are pathetic, boring individuals. if it struck a nerve it only further proves that im right. also the attempt at taking a jab at me implying i belong to the stan twitter (trash according to you) is funny to say the least bcs i dont even take that place religiously anymore and its still a much better ‘positivity radiating’ place to be if you will than goldderby where everybody is a debbie downer and is constantly trying to have the “better opinion”, its actually so delightful to see u weirdos seething and foaming in the mouth over wicked already being a success! it’s giving “i feel superior over being more acquainted with the movie industry and better over having a so called elevated taste in movies other than liking some popstar featuring movie trash” 
You could’ve posted your own review and nobody would’ve told you anything. What’s the point on bashing people for their own personal opinions? Just be civilized over here because this isn’t Pop Crave replies. I think the “arrogance and superiority” doesn’t come from someone posting their review but from the ones trying to force their own perception into others.
It’s fine if you think Ariana deserves the Oscar but some people don’t and some other people do and still predict other actresses because they are aware the genre bias.
I don’t think I have seen a single person “seething and foaming in the mouth” over Wicked success, the movie was already expected to be a blockbuster as soon as it was announced.
I finished watching The Piano Lesson today, and if it were up to me, Danielle Deadwyler would be sweeping this category—easily. Her performance is nothing short of extraordinary; she should be collecting every precursor award and the Oscar itself. But since the Academy has a history of making questionable choices, I’d settle for at least a well-deserved nomination. However, let me be clear—a snub of any kind would be absolutely unacceptable.
I watched it last night. She is really good. I thought the film was good as well. I don’t understand all the negative comments.
I watched The Piano Lesson last night. It was okay, but Danielle carried the film. I feel like the only way she doesn’t get nominated is if voters don’t watch the film. Her performance is Oscar clip after Oscar clip.
 I watched it last night. She is really good. I thought the film was good as well. I don’t understand all the negative comments. 
Same here. I was confused by some of the negative reception and why so many reviews suggest that Danielle Deadwyler should be the only nominee. Yes, she holds the movie together, but it’s your typical Oscar-baity film with a strong ensemble cast and very nice visuals. It should at least receive nominations for Best Actor (John David Washington), Supporting Actress (Deadwyler), Supporting Actor (Ray Fisher/Samuel L. Jackson), and Adapted Screenplay. It should be a Best Picture contender too. 
I watched The Piano Lesson last night. It was okay, but Danielle carried the film. I feel like the only way she doesn’t get nominated is if voters don’t watch the film. Her performance is Oscar clip after Oscar clip. 
I have never read anything more accurate. Every single time Deadwyler is onscreen, not a moment is wasted. She’s always ACTING. I’m not sure which Oscar clip they’ll choose for her, but they could pick any scene, and it would be justified—she’s that good.
Same here. I was confused by some of the negative reception and why so many reviews suggest that Danielle Deadwyler should be the only nominee. Yes, she holds the movie together, but it’s your typical Oscar-baity film with a strong ensemble cast and very nice visuals. It should at least receive nominations for Best Actor (John David Washington), Supporting Actress (Deadwyler), Supporting Actor (Ray Fisher/Samuel L. Jackson), and Adapted Screenplay. It should be a Best Picture contender too.
The cinematography, screenplay, and Alexandre Desplat’s haunting score are great. I thought the cast was excellent. Michel Potts had a very strong presence and delivered some outstanding dialogue. I would definitely put it in my top 10 films. Unfortunately, it’s far too low in the predictions. When one of the YouTubers said, “This is a horror film, and the Academy doesn’t vote for horror,” I couldn’t help but roll my eyes.
. Her performance is Oscar clip after Oscar clip.
Absolutely correct. She should not miss a  nomination with a powerful performance like that.
 The cinematography, screenplay, and Alexandre Desplat’s haunting score are great. I thought the cast was excellent. Michel Potts had a very strong presence and delivered some outstanding dialogue. I would definitely put it in my top 10 films. Unfortunately, it’s far too low in the predictions. When one of the YouTubers said, “This is a horror film, and the Academy doesn’t vote for horror,” I couldn’t help but roll my eyes. 
I would roll my eyes too. Did that YouTuber even fully watch the film to consider it horror? It’s a drama film first and foremost. Does it have horror or supernatural elements? Sure. But if you walk away from watching The Piano Lesson thinking it’s a horror movie, I have to question how much attention you paid to it.
your reply stating i should “return to stan twitter or music forums” only further proves the point that movie related spaces reek of people with a superiority complex. as if youre one to dictate what i choose to do with my life or places i wanna spend my time on LMFAO. u guys are pathetic, boring individuals. if it struck a nerve it only further proves that im right.
also the attempt at taking a jab at me implying i belong to the stan twitter (trash according to you) is funny to say the least bcs i dont even take that place religiously anymore and its still a much better ‘positivity radiating’ place to be if you will than goldderby where everybody is a debbie downer and is constantly trying to have the “better opinion”, its actually so delightful to see u weirdos seething and foaming in the mouth over wicked already being a success! it’s giving “i feel superior over being more acquainted with the movie industry and better over having a so called elevated taste in movies other than liking some popstar featuring movie trash”
I thought you dgaf.
The Sunne in Splendour.
I prefer my roses white
"I want you to know, I will love you as long as I breathe"
Paul Atreides
I would roll my eyes too. Did that YouTuber even fully watch the film to consider it horror? It’s a drama film first and foremost. Does it have horror or supernatural elements? Sure. But if you walk away from watching The Piano Lesson thinking it’s a horror movie, I have to question how much attention you paid to it.
I think people watch the film but don’t truly understand it. The supernatural elements in The Piano Lesson are a metaphor. It’s about a family confronting their past and moving on. It’s a really good film, and people should watch it.
The topic ‘2025 Oscar Predictions: Best Supporting Actress (Part 6)’ is closed to new replies.
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…

				23 mins ago			

				1 hour ago			

				2 hours ago			

				15 mins ago			

				11 mins ago			

				2 hours ago			

				2 hours ago			

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media