Broadway + NYC
Broadway
Off-Broadway
Off-Off Broadway
Cabaret
Dance
Opera
Classical Music
United States
Eastern
Central
Western
Minneapolis / St. Paul
Connecticut
Atlanta
Chicago
Los Angeles
Central New York
West End
WEST END
UK Regional
International
Canada
Australia / New Zealand
Europe
Asia
Latin America
Africa / Middle East
Entertainment
TV/Movies
Music
The AGT star graced NYC's Cutting Room with special guests Jennifer Holliday, Shosana Bean and Ben Platt
POPULAR
For his age, Luke Islam has incredible vocal control, range, and awareness of what he wants. Islam’s solo show at the Cutting Room on Sunday April 28th at 7 pm featured a mix of the Broadway classics he grew up on, and R&B classics (he joked that he’s “entering my R&B era”).
Islam has appeared on screen in The Mighty Ducks (Disney +) , 13 The Musical (Netflix) and in the film Theater Camp with Tony award-winning actor Ben Platt. However, at the Cutting Room Islam was all live, connecting with an intimate audience of mostly Gen Z fans. He took a moment to talk about how special the night was before launching into song, saying “I always grew up playing a part, and now I just get to be me.”
Part of being himself included wearing a fabulous outfit. At the start of the show, Islam appeared on stage in a cape, which he took off to reveal a black jumpsuit with a pink frilly neckline. Throughout the show, he showed off his immense vocal range, belting high notes, showcasing his acting chops on character numbers and displaying a wide range of moods.
He shared duets with three very special guest stars who came out to support the young rising star. After talking about how much seeing Wicked, his first ever Broadway show, inspired him to pursue musical theater, Shoshana Bean came out, singing a stunning “For Good”, with Islam taking Glinda’s part and Bean taking Elfie’s. Jennifer Holliday spoke movingly about how she made an effort to be there despite being incredibly busy (of course she’s busy! She’s Jennifer Holliday) because she knows how important it is to support young talent. She spoke about her own start on the Broadway stage at age 17 before appearing in Dreamgirls at 21, before they launched into a duet from the show, “That’s Life.” Islam held his own against the more experienced stars, matching them in power, vocal strength, and stage presence – no easy feat.
Islam spoke throughout the night about just how important it is to be oneself. Towards the end, he sang “You Coulda Knocked Me Over With A Feather” from Shaiman and Whitman’s Some Like It Hot, talking about how inspiring it was that non-binary J. Harrison Ghee won the Tony last year. Islam is already inspiring a whole new generation of musical theater kids to just be themselves – no matter who that is.
Towards the end of the night, the final surprise guest came out – Islam's Theater Camp co-star Ben Platt. They dueted on a moving rendition of Platt's "Carefully."
Islam ended the night on an Ariana Grande song because "everyone can dance to it." As he sang, hundreds of bubbles descended from the ceiling, giving the perfect magical touch to a sweet, strong show.
The evening featured music direction by Darnell White (also on the piano), guitar by Mike Rosengarten, bass by Sean Murphy, drums by Jesse Ray, and Anthony Ware on the sax and flute. It was produced and directed by Islam’s vocal coach, Brooke Procida.
The show was produced and directed by Brooke Procida / Studio PCI @studiopci
Follow Luke online at @thelukeislam.
Photo credit: Ian McQueen @mcian98 
Continuing his not-so-slow burn of a successful concert series, Tom Kitt and his friends bring their A-Game to their most recent show.
The 5/8 cabaret show offers an evening of joyous revelation and heartfelt introspection with a diverse musical song selection that all speak the language of love in their own unique way.
The East Village supper-club Pangea is presenting its first “Singer Songrwiter Series” this month, from May 2 to 30. 
The Sophomore concert in the series rose to the occasion set by the opening night.
Videos
Recommended For You
Sign up for announcements, and exclusive discounts on tickets to your favorite shows!
© 2025 - Copyright Wisdom Digital Media, all rights reserved. Privacy Policy