Charisma News
Breaking News. Spiritual Perspective.
2024 was filled with all kinds of wild events that happened this year. Now, as we reflect on the close of the year, here are some of the most outrageous stories we saw happen in 2024 both within the church and in the wider culture. 
1. Jakes, Morris and Evans: The Dallas Megachurches Slammed with Spiritual Warfare
An increase in a number of leaders falling into sin from the Dallas area continued to grow to such a climax that there almost appeared as though a spiritual battle had to be occurring over this area. 
2. Megachurch Scandal Erupts at Iconic Gathering
Perhaps one of the strangest controversies of 2024 came out of the James River Church Stronger Men’s Conference when ministry leader Mark Driscoll called out pastor John Lindell for having a sword swallower who ascended up a pole in what he considered a sexually charged way. The controversy lasted long after the initial conference. 
Breaking News. Spirit-Filled Stories. Subscribe to Charisma on YouTube now!
3. When Ice Spice Brought Satan to the Super Bowl
At the beginning of the year, the world witnessed celebrity Ice Spice make demonic hand gestures during the Superbowl wearing an upside-down cross necklace in a black Balenciaga outfit, a brand known for promoting incredibly promiscuous activity and child abuse. She sat with her friend, Taylor Swift, who is openly known for her latest anti-God album and for having witchcraft performances during her concerts. 
4. Kanye West Renounces Christian Faith, Calls Himself God
In a sad twist to 2024, Kanye West publicly renounced the Christian faith he had embraced just a few years prior. He has since concluded that he is ‘The god of me.’ Continue to lift West up in prayer. 
5. TD Jakes Named in Lawsuit Against Diddy
With the Sean “Diddy” Combs case unraveling, a list of celebrity names was revealed in a lawsuit of who was involved in Diddy’s egregious parties. The famous bishop’s name appeared on this list, and he has previously denied accusations made against him in connection to Diddy. 
6. Kim Kardashian Sparks Outrage With ‘Demonic’ Christmas Video
Kim Kardashian closed out the year with a demonic, sexually grotesque Christmas video that mocked Jesus and included inappropriate implications revolving around Santa. As she is one of the most famous people in the world, we should also keep her in prayer; if someone like Kim Kardashian truly accepted and followed the Lord, it could spark a revival for many of her fans. 
Get your FREE CHARISMA NEWSLETTERS today! Stay up to date with current issues, Holy Spirit news, Christian teachings, Charisma videos & more!
7. Another Former Disney Star Moves Toward the Demonic
Former Disney Star Sabrina Carpenter also drifted toward the demonic with her recent song “Please Please Please” which talked about her boyfriend having the devil in him. 
8. Celebrities Admitting to Witchcraft Practice
“Wicked” star Ariana Grande and Kendall Jenner recently admitted to practicing witchcraft, with Grande says that she is the “witchiest witch.”
9. Maren Morris’ Fall From ‘My Church’ to the Alphabet Community
Country singer Maren Morris, who was formerly known for biblical principles being intertwined into her music, decided in 2024 to declare herself as part of the LGBTQ community.
As we turn the page on another year, keep those in both within the church and outside of the church in prayer and that Jesus would become the greatest desire of their hearts.
Join Charisma Magazine Online to follow everything the Holy Spirit is doing around the world!
Abby Trivett is content development editor for Charisma Media. 
See all newsletters