You’ll have probably seen the pictures from earlier this week showing hundreds of people queuing up outside a new dental practice in Bristol, desperate to get an NHS appointment. The scenes offered a stark illustration of the shocking state of dentistry here in the UK.
Now another horror story has emerged here in Greater Manchester, showing the lengths despairing patients are going to. MP Barbara Keeley told the House of Commons how a young man was wheeled into Royal Bolton Hospital's A&E department 'leaking blood' from his mouth after he tried to pull out his own painful teeth with a set of pliers.
Ms Keeley, Labour MP for Worsley and Eccles South, revealed the gruesome story as the Health Secretary unveiled a £200m NHS dentistry rescue plan. Under the proposals dentists will be offered cash to accept new patients and given £20,000 incentives to work in under-served communities.
But leading dentists have said the recovery package will not be enough to help people struggling to access care. Ms Keeley also criticised the plan saying it wouldn’t 'deal with the complexity of dental problems that are out there'. Read Paul Britton’s report here
Around this time last week I was sat in the Crown Hotel, a lovely 120-year-old pub next to Liverpool Lime Street, taking a break from a mammoth shoe-shopping trip I’d been dragged into. As we admired the elaborate ceiling, we began talking about how our neighbours down the East Lancs Road seem to have held onto so many more of their historic boozers than we have here in Manchester.
And it turns out there is some truth in that idle bit of pub chat. CAMRA’s historic pub register lists 32 pubs in Liverpool city centre with ‘intact traditional interior or features or rooms of national importance’.
Manchester, by contrast, has just 11. But that’s not to say we don’t have some absolutely belting traditional boozers here.
Here Lee Grimsditch and Phoebe Barton celebrate Manchester’s 10 oldest pubs - the youngster of the bunch, The Seven Oaks on Nicholas Street, turns 200 this year.
A father paralysed in the Manchester Arena bomb has welcomed a 'sensible' High Court ruling in which a judge slammed a man's 'absurd and fantastical' theories about the terror attack. Martin and Eve Hibbert are suing Richard Hall - described as a journalist, broadcaster and media producer - for harassment, misuse of private information and data protection breaches.
They were at the Ariana Grande concert in May 2017 and suffered life-changing injuries in the blast, which killed 22 people. Mr Hibbert was left with a spinal cord injury rendering him paraplegic and his daughter suffered severe brain damage.
Mr Hall, the High Court heard, maintains that the attack was 'a staged operation using an intelligence asset as an alleged perpetrator'. He believes the bombing was a 'staged scenario' or 'drill' orchestrated by 'various public sector agencies' using 'numerous recruited members of the public, potentially a hundred or more' some of whom were 'tasked with portraying fake injuries'.
At a hearing in London last month, Mr Hibbert and his daughter made a bid for summary judgment – a legal step to decide parts of the case without a trial – on several parts of the case's background. Judge Richard Davison ruled in favour of the Hibberts and said that without this early decision, Mr Hall would 'use the trial as a vehicle to advance and test his staged attack hypothesis'.
“Although his beliefs may be genuinely held, his theory that the Manchester bombing was an operation staged by government agencies in which no one was genuinely killed or injured is absurd and fantastical and it provides no basis to rebut the conviction,” the judge said.
Following the judgment Mr Hibbert, from Chorley, Lancashire, said: "I am pleased by the court's sensible ruling today. I believe everyone is entitled to an opinion, however, there comes a point where the line is crossed and action has to be taken.” Read more
Some good news now for anyone coming home from a night out or a late shift. Night buses will be rolled out in parts of Greater Manchester as part of a trial later this year, Andy Burnham has announced.
Speaking at the the Night Time Economy Summit at Depot Mayfield the Mayor said: "For the first time in a long time, we're talking about running night buses in Greater Manchester. We think we can stack up a night offer." The first services will be launched in Wigan and Bolton where buses are now under public control as part of the Bee Network.
But the long-term aim, Mr Burnham said, is all-night bus services on routes across Greater Manchester. More here
Workers at the Kellog’s factory at Trafford Park have told of their ‘sense of betrayal’ following yesterday’s news the historic plant is to close. Hundreds of jobs are at risk after owner Kellanova announced it was considering the future of the site where Corn Flakes, Rice Krispies and Coco Pops are made, proposing it could close by the end of 2026.
One employee told the Manchester Evening News staff knew the closure 'could be on the cards', but that there was still a 'sense of shock' when the news broke. They added: "The general feeling seems to be a sense of anger and betrayal after working for the company throughout the Covid period, when there was a great increase in cereal sales, helping to generate record profits for the company at the time - only to be told the news today that the site and workers are no longer required."
Trade union Usdaw said it would now 'interrogate' the company's business case for closure. Kellanova, which yesterday announced an annual operating profit of $1.5bn, up 24.3%, said the factory was too old and costly to modernise and that lots of the buildings at the site are already unused.
It’s Chinese New Year this weekend and Manchester will be celebrating in its usual grand fashion. The streets around Chinatown have already been adorned with thousands of red lanterns to mark the special occasion.
On Sunday a packed programme of events will take place to celebrate the Year of the Dragon in Chinatown including arts and crafts, a fun fair and a food market. Jenna Campbell has all the details here
Keep up to date with all the big stories from across Greater Manchester in the daily Mancunian Way newsletter. You can receive the newsletter direct to your inbox every weekday by signing up right here.
Weekend: Thankfully the ‘snow bomb’ didn’t arrive as forecast, and it looks like we’re in for a fairly mild and dry weekend. Tomorrow is set to be cloudy, with sunny intervals by late afternoon. Maximum temperatures 10C. Sunday will be cloudy with the odd light shower in the afternoon, 8C.
Roadworks: Peter Street in Manchester city centre is closed southbound from Deansgate to Watson Street due to roadworks until February 12.
Teen death: A 17-year-old boy has died following a 'workplace accident' on an industrial estate in Bury. A 41-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of driving offences and gross negligence manslaughter and a 36-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of gross negligence manslaughter. Read more
Concrete crisis: The full extent of the RAAC concrete crisis in Greater Manchester's schools has been revealed in a new table published today by education bosses. It reveals a total of 18 schools in the city-region have been affected - and the Government has now announced what it plans to do to resolve the crisis.
Weight: An airline which flies out of Manchester Airport has announced it will start to weigh passengers on board as well as their luggage. European airline Finnair, which operates to Helsinki from Manchester, said the move would see passengers invited to step on scales in a drive for better flight safety. More here
Amid ongoing speculation around the future of Old Trafford, chief Manchester United writer Samuel Luckhurst makes the case for building a new stadium on the site of the original ground, saying it will benefit the club on and off the pitch.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.