By 

	Caroline Brew


	Investigation Discovery has unveiled the trailer for “Quiet on Set: The Dark Side of Kids TV,” a four-part docuseries revealing the toxic work conditions behind children’s shows in the 1990s and early 2000s — specifically those from Dan Schneider, the creator of beloved Nickelodeon shows such as “iCarly” and “Zoey 101.” The series will premiere across two nights on ID from 9-11 p.m. ET/PT on March 17-18.

	Per a press release, “Quiet on Set” sheds light on an allegedly “insidious environment rife with allegations of abuse, sexism, racism and inappropriate dynamics with its underage stars and crew,” featuring cast members, writers and crew from Schneider’s popular Nickelodeon shows. These include former “All That” cast members Giovonnie Samuels, Kyle Sullivan, Bryan Hearne and Katrina Johnson and director Virgil Fabian, as well as “The Amanda Show” writers Jenny Kilgen and Christy Stratton. Alexa Nikolas will also share her experience working on “Zoey 101.”

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					Soundstage Expansion Now Feeling Crunch of Production Contraction		
			














	
		
					'House of the Dragon' Season 3 Casts Barry Sloane, Tom Cullen, Joplin Sibtain		
			








	Additional cast and crew from “iCarly,” “Sam & Cat” and “Victorious” will be featured in the docuseries, as well as Marc Summers of the popular game show “Double Dare.” “Quiet on Set” will also offer emotional testimony from cast members’ parents who say they tried to advocate for their children on set.




			Popular on Variety		






	Schneider, who is referred to in the trailer as “Nickelodeon’s golden boy,” helped launch the careers of Josh Peck, Drake Bell, Miranda Cosgrove, Ariana Grande, Jamie Lynn Spears and more. In the trailer, interviewees explain that “working for Dan was like being in an abusive relationship,” detailing various complaints filed about the showrunner over the years.

	Per the release, the series contains allegations that “shine a spotlight on these emotional accounts, chronicling a pattern of gross, abusive and manipulative behavior that unfolded across decades, as well as exclusive stories about child predators on set.” By combining interviews, archival footage, scenes from shows and social media commentary, “Quiet on Set” will re-contextualize moments from Schneider’s series.

	Mary Robertson and Emma Schwartz directed the series, which is produced by Maxine Productions and Sony Pictures Television – Nonfiction in association with Business Insider.

	Hours after this post was published, a spokesperson for Schneider reached out to Variety with the following comment: “Dan cared about the kids on his shows even when sometimes their own families unfortunately did not. He understood what they were going through and he was their biggest champion. The fact is many of the kids on these shows are put in the untenable position of becoming the breadwinner for their family and the pressure that comes along with that. Add on top of that the difficulties of growing up and having to do so under the spotlight while working a demanding job, all as a child. That is why there are many levels of standards, executives, lawyers, teachers and parents everywhere, all the time, on every set, every day. However, it is still a hard place to be a kid and nobody knew that better than Dan.”

	










Editor’s Note: This story was updated with a comment from Dan Schneider.

	See the full trailer below.
The Business of Entertainment