OMG!
Justin Bieber was ranked as one of the greatest pop stars of the 21st century, prompting a reanalysis of some of the greatest moments in his career. While Bieber's star power remains strong, back in 2010 and 2011, he experienced a rise in popularity that was inescapable, making fangirls out of every tween.  
Among his roster of fans were Sasha and Malia Obama, the daughters of then-president Barack Obama. The duo had an out-of-body experience when they met Bieber at the 30th annual Christmas concert in Washington. 
Malia, 13, and Sasha, 10 met him onstage, prompting excited hugs documented by photographers, showing the girls' excited faces and a 16-year-old Bieber who'd just released his debut album, "My World 2.0." 
Justin wore a white tux for the occasion and is seen reaching out for Sasha's hand in one of the images. She wore a purple dress and looked thrilled, while Malia wore yellow and seemed supportive of her little sister. 
The group was also joined by various people onstage, including Obama himself and Victoria Justice, a singer and actress at the time known for her work on the Nickelodeon show "Victorious," which also featured a pre-fame Ariana Grande.
A separate photo shows Bieber hugging Malia, with her looking like she can't believe her luck. 
While it was clearly a big night for the girls, it was also a memorable one for Bieber, who met the president of the US for the first time at the start of his career.
"Great night! President Obama is one cool Prez. He told me he was 'chillin'," wrote Bieber on Twitter, now known as X.
Earlier today, Bieber made headlines after his wife, Hailey Bieber, dropped some controversial comments on social media. After Bieber was ranked on Billboard as the eighth biggest pop star in the 21st century, Hailey shared her thoughts in an Instagram post.
"Billboard is a f*cking joke as per usual," she wrote in the post sharing Bieber's ranking. She also added a kiss emoji.
The ranking features stars like Britney Spears, Lady Gaga, Kanye West, Drake, and Rihanna above him, with the top three spots being released in the coming days.
© ¡HOLA! Reproduction of this article and its photographs in whole or in part is prohibited, even when citing their source.