Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
The stars of the highly-anticipated Jon Chu-directed movie adaptation dazzle in pink and green.

							By 

	Erin Lassner

E-Commerce Writer

	Met Gala veterans Ariana Grande and Cynthia Erivo hit this year’s cream and mossy green carpet in looks subtly inspired by their November movie adaptation of beloved Broadway musical Wicked. The subtle inspiration in question? Pink and green accents.

	The more understated of the two, Grande, wore a white Loewe mother-of-pearl gown designed by creative director Jonathan Anderson. Under the lights of the carpet, the dress shimmered in pastel shades of the Wicked-themed colors. Erivo sported a Thom Browne two-piece set featuring tux details, pink petals and scattered insects, including what look to be green praying mantises. See all the 2024 Met Gala looks here.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	Lifestyle
			



	
		
					The Hottest New Timepieces from Watches & Wonders, from a Brand-New Rolex to the IWC Brad Pitt Wears in 'F1		
			














	
	News
			



	
		
					Fashion Designer Riccardo Tisci Accused of Drugging, Sexually Assaulting New York Man in Legal Complaint		
			








	The duo kicked off their ‘Wicked’ method dressing at the Oscars. Grande — playing the good witch Glinda — wore a bubblegum pink Giambattista Valli Haute Couture gown. Erivo channeled her character Elphaba in a green leather Louis Vuitton dress that fashion designer Jenna Lyons and HauteLeMode style critic Luke Meagher swooned over in a THR exclusive video. “Listen, the Wicked press tour has begun,” said Meagher after the Oscars.

	At the 2024 Met Gala, Grande paired her Loewe gown with platforms from Stuart Weitzman’s best-selling Nudist collection, Lorraine Schwartz jewelry and a full face of her own makeup line r.e.m. beauty. And Erivo accessorized with black patent leather platform boots also by Thom Browne.

	The stars gushed over each other during Vogue‘s pre-event interviews. Grande said, “Getting to know and love [Cynthia] has changed my life.” Erivo returned the love, describing Grande as “spectacular.”

	At the 2018 Met Gala, Grande sported a Sistine Chapel-inspired ball gown by Vera Wang, adorned with Michelangelo’s Last Judgement fresco. Grande, a pioneer of the coquette trend, paired it with an oversized hair bow that gracefully trailed down the back of her dress. 

	Cynthia Erivo made her first Met Gala appearance in all-white Thom Browne for 2017’s event honoring Comme des Garçons designer Rei Kawakubo, and she stunned in a full white look a second time for 2022’s  In America: An Anthology of Fashion — with the dress code “Gilded Glamour and White Tie” — where she wore a Louis Vuitton lace dress, trunk and coordinating head wrap. 

	










	This year’s dress code, “The Garden of Time,” takes its cue from the 1962 short story of the same name by J.G. Ballard, which dovetails nicely with the latest Metropolitan Museum of Art Costume Institute exhibition, Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion, which opens to the public on Friday, May 10. The Andrew Bolton-curated show spotlights fragile pieces from the institute’s archives, all viewed through a lens of nature. The exhibit’s coffee table book will be released on June 18. 

	Read more of The Hollywood Reporter’s Met Gala coverage here.
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.