Charlotte Colombo
Valentine’s Day might be long gone, but love is in the air with this latest TikTok sound. And this retro-inspired R&B song urges us to celebrate our loved ones. 
Over an eclectic, smooth R&B soundtrack, a female voice sings: “Twin, where have you been? Nobody knows me like you do/Nobody gon’ love me quite like you.”
The vast majority of videos under this sound are a celebration of twin flames in all their forms: Whether it be romantic, in the workplace, at the barbers, your cousin, friends you don’t see as often, and friends you see all the time. 
It’s blown up so much that Kevin Bacon is even joining in, as he and his wife bust some enviable moves that take us right back to Bacon’s Footloose era. 
This sound comes from Muni Long’s hit single, “Made For Me.” The R&B ballad was released on Sept. 25, 2023. At the time of writing, the sound has been used in 133,600 TikToks. 
Interestingly, this isn’t Muni’s first brush with viral fame. The musician, who has previously written songs for Rhianna, Pitbull, Ariana Grande, and Kelly Clarkson among others, first went TikTok-viral in late 2021 with the song “Hrs and Hrs.” 
The song was such a hit on the app, it helped Muni score a record deal, and she even won a Grammy for Best R&B Performance. With its virility giving it a surge in popularity, will we see the same with “Made For Me?” It seems super possible.
With a relatively-short runtime (just over 3 minutes) and an irresistibly catchy hook, this song feels like it was tailor-made to go viral. 
And let’s be honest here—the chances are, it probably was. This viral moment is no accident, but that doesn’t make it any less relatable.
Now you can watch our That One Sound from TikTok column on YouTube! Subscribe to our channel and keep an eye out for new episodes every Wednesday:
The internet is chaotic—but we’ll break it down for you in one daily email. Sign up for the Daily Dot’s web_crawlr newsletter here to get the best (and worst) of the internet straight into your inbox.
Meme History: Tariff memes
Meme History: The 5 best Minecraft memes
Meme History: Dat Boi
Paul Walter Hauser has one peculiar IMDb credit he wishes he could erase
Share this article
TAGS 
Charlotte is a regular Daily Dot contributor with bylines in Insider, VICE, Glamour, The Independent, and more. She holds a Masters’s degree in Magazine Journalism from City, University of London.