The studio made it clear the actresses were not compensated differently.
Rumors circulating on social media have alleged that Ariana Grande was paid $15 million to play Glinda in Wicked while Cynthia Erivo, who co-stars as Elphaba, only took home $1 million. Universal Studios set the record straight to The Hollywood Reporter: The two leads of the film were paid the same.
A spokesperson said, “Reports of pay disparity between Cynthia and Ariana are completely false and based on internet fodder. The women received equal pay for their work on Wicked.” The studio did not reveal the exact dollar figure. Multiple sources “familiar with the situation” also confirmed to the outlet that Grande and Erivo had the same salary.
THR noted that Wicked has had an incredible box office performance already, breaking $15 million on Monday following its first weekend in theaters. 
Erivo spoke to ELLE for our Women in Hollywood issue about acting alongside Grande. She was so much more than a coworker.
“I’ve gained a sister,” Erivo said. “At this point, we speak almost every day. Both of us were blown away by how connected we were immediately. I remember the first day we got to come together. It was at [director] Jon M. Chu’s house, and Stephen Schwartz [who wrote Wicked’s music and lyrics for both the OG Broadway musical and the film] was over. He played some songs for us, and we sang together for the first time. It worked. It’s a very intimate thing to sing with someone. There’s a really beautiful dance—I need to follow you, you have to follow me. It was one of the most gratifying things to know that there was someone who was that open and available, because she was, and that meant I could be as well.
“We also had a beautiful relationship offscreen,” she continued. “We had really beautiful conversations, some that were not easy, but that’s what makes relationships. Those hard conversations that you can have with someone that mean that you have to be vulnerable are the things that make you close.”
Read her full interview here.
Étoile Season 2: Everything We Know
The Gilded Age Season 3 Is Due in June
Shop the Looks on Another Simple Favor
How 'The Four Seasons'  Differs from the Film
A Streaming Guide to Thunderbolts*
Ruth E. Carter and Paul Tazewell in Conversation
All the Twists in Another Simple Favor
The Four Seasons Finale and Starting Over
When Do New Episodes of ‘The Studio’ Drop?
What We Know About the Future of ‘Shōgun’
Landman Season 2 Starts Filming
Tracking All the Cameos in The Studio
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.