He’s scooting into a new role.
Scooter Braun announced he is retiring from music management nearly a year after parting ways with some of his biggest clients, including Justin Bieber and Ariana Grande.
“After 23 years this chapter as a music manager has come to an end,” he wrote in a lengthy Instagram statement Monday after posting several throwback photos capturing highlights from his career.
Braun, 42, explained that his retirement as a manager has been a long time coming.
“It’s a strange feeling because I think I have wanted this for a while, but I was truly afraid to answer the question ‘who would I be without them?'” he shared.
Braun, who started managing artists when he was just 19 years old, said that he spent his entire adult life being available for his clients 24/7.
“And for 20 years I love it. It’s all I had known,” he wrote.
But Braun said that as his three children — whom he shares with his ex-wife, Yael Cohen — grew older and his personal life “took some hits,” he understood that he needed to make more time for his family.
“I came to the realization that my kids were 3 superstars I wasn’t willing to lose,” he wrote. “The sacrifices I was once willing to make I could no longer justify. It was time to step into a new role.”
Braun is moving away from music management to focus on his role as CEO and board member of Hybe America, an entertainment company that continues to work with Grande and Bieber. A rep for Bieber confirmed to People on Monday that Braun is no longer involved with the “Sorry” singer’s current business of management and won’t be in the future. 
Meanwhile, Braun is also turning his efforts to investing in entrepreneurs and serving as a national board member of Make-a-Wish.
“My brilliant partner these past 3 years, Chairman Bang [Si-Hyuk], has a vision I truly believe in. But even beyond that he has become a true friend who understands where I must be in my life these days,” Braun wrote.
“And that is a father first, a CEO second, and a manager no more.”
Braun said he had been “heading towards this destination” over the past two years, but it wasn’t until his biggest client parted ways with him last summer that he decided to make a change.
While he did not name the client, reports surfaced in August 2023 that Bieber and Grande, both 30, had dropped him as their manager.
“God has been pushing me in this direction for some time,” Braun wrote. “I have nothing but love for those I have worked with over the years, and as we develop a different work relationship, I will always be in their corner to consult and support them whether it be directly or from afar.”
He then reminisced about the myriad of stars he has worked with, including Andrew Wyatt, Lil Dicky, J Balvin, Demi Lovato, Zac Brown Band, Martin Garrix, David Guetta, Carly Rae Jepsen, Quavo, Kanye West and more.
“But it was this past Christmas Day when Ariana and Justin became the biggest male and female in the history of the Spotify Billions club that I just smiled and thought ‘what a ride,'” he shared.
“To see them both come up to be the legends they are today will forever be one of my greatest honors,” Braun added of the “Stuck With U” collaborators.
“I never saw how this chapter would end, hell, I never even saw it happening. But it did. And I will cherish every moment of it. I made my plan… but it turns out I like God’s plan better. Cheers!”
Advertisement