Reginald Lewis talks about upcoming Illinois Wesleyan University Jazz Festival 
BLOOMINGTON — Hearing live jazz music is like seeing history in the making.
Whether you’ve heard jazz in the styles of American rappers and pop stars, or famous movie and video game soundtracks, pieces of jazz music are set firmly within the cornerstone memories of our lives.
Illinois Wesleyan University is keeping the record straight this weekend as it counts off performances for the campus’ 49th annual Jazz Festival. The two-day program swings into action Friday morning with over a dozen sets from both professional and aspiring performers. All performances are free to attend at the Westbrook Auditorium in Presser Hall, 1210 N. Park St., Bloomington.
At least 300 students are headed to the Titan campus, representing 14 junior high and high schools from Central Illinois playing 18 scheduled performances. Some of the local bands signed up are from Bloomington Junior High School, Normal West High School, Tri-Valley High School, , Champaign’s Centennial High School and Chillicothe’s Illinois Valley Central High School and Junior High.
Reginald Lewis is the director and professor for the Wesleyan jazz program, and an active jazz saxophone performer. He formerly taught jazz at Lincoln College before taking over the Titan campus program in the fall 2022 semester from fellow saxophonist Glenn Wilson. Lewis completed his doctorate at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, a master’s at University of Manitoba, and his undergraduate studies at Jackson State University in Mississippi.
Jazz director Dr. Reginald Lewis poses for a photo in the School of Music/Presser Hall on the campus of Illinois Wesleyan University.
Lewis said he taught jazz history last semester. He’s currently teaching jazz band courses, where he said he’s expanding on his musical repertoire. He said his students have brushed up on classics by Count Basie and contemporary works of Marquis Hill, including the trumpeter’s track “The Believer.”
The director said the festival will be an opportunity for students to get used to performing before a live audience, learn from band directors and gain stage etiquette. Lewis said they’ll also be critiqued by several highly experienced judges in a non-competitive environment.
After each 20-minute school band set, he said students will move into separate rooms for clinics staffed by well-seasoned jazz teachers. Lewis said they have an adjudicator for each music section who will provide feedback and critiques based on how they would personally rehearse the pieces.
He said they might ask for a different groove in the rhythm section, help dial in a player’s tuning or hike up the volume for a section lead.
Lewis said IWU Jazz Ensemble’s lineup is doing well, with six on saxophones, four trombone players, two bassists, three drummers, two trumpeters, a pianist and one who plays trumpet and piano. That’s about doubled from when he started in his role at IWU.
Lewis said this growth excites him. Most of his students are music education majors, he said, but he also teaches science students and athletes.
And because of rising interest in Wesleyan’s jazz program, Lewis said the university reopened the jazz minor last year.
Last year, Lewis said the festival program held open clinics with the adjudicators. And this year, those clinicians will step up to the stage to show students how it’s done. Adjudicators are set to perform each day of the festival, as will the IWU Jazz Ensemble.
The jazz director said clinicians will advise, play for and interact with students first-hand. All are listed as follows:
In a quintet named Simply This, Lewis performed with Taylor, who studied for her doctorate in musical arts at UIUC along with Lewis. Taylor is now a professor at Millikin University in Decatur, and Bridgewater is a UIUC professor.
Jazz director Dr. Reginald Lewis poses for a photo in the School of Music/Presser Hall on the campus of Illinois Wesleyan University.
“All the adjudicators are very, very experienced with what they do,” Lewis said. Bridgewater played with the Thad Jones/Mel Lewis Orchestra, Lewis continued, and Wallace played with Victor Goines and now gigs every fourth Monday with Lewis at Andy’s Jazz Club in downtown Chicago. Lewis added Campbell, a Bloomington native who still lives there, is a touring pianist and has recorded with trumpeter Clark Terry and jazz saxophonist Chris Potter.
Adjudicators are slotted for a 45-minute performance on both days of the festival. Lewis urged people to come to the show because when musicians like Bridgewater or Campbell perform, “that’s history you get to see,” he said.
“You wouldn’t want to miss that. I’d hate to sound sad, but… if you didn’t get to see Wayne Shorter live, you never see him again — he passed away.”
Lewis himself played with his grandfather Robert “Bootsie” Barnes, a legendary saxophone player. He said he got to play with Barnes before he died in 2020, and “I’ll never get that chance again.”
“When people come to town and do stuff like this, you’ll want to make an effort to come witness history,” he said.
One of the touchstone all time favorites of the VGM community, all rise for "Bob-omb Battlefield" from Super Mario 64 arranged for Big Band with alto sax solo by Andrew Gould on this Funk Big Band arrangement!
THIS SONG AND FULL ALBUMS AVAILABLE ON ALL STREAMING SERVICES and BANDCAMP!
Spotify ► https://spoti.fi/2DaYx69
BandCamp ► https://the8bitbigband.bandcamp.com
Apple Music ► https://itunes.apple.com/us/artist/the-8-bit-big-band/1397902589
Amazon Music ► https://amzn.to/35QHtjp
Follow us on social for behind the scenes video and updates on new stuff!
Instagram ► https://www.instagram.com/the8bitbigband
Discord ► https://discord.gg/nKnpAv5
TikTok ► https://www.tiktok.com/@the8bitbigband
Twitter ► https://twitter.com/the8bitbigband
https://www.the8bitbigband.com
The 8-Bit Big Band is a 30 member Jazz/pops orchestra that formed to celebrate and realize some of the best themes from video game music written from all consoles and eras! Blending together themes from Nintendo, Sega, Playstation, PC, and more and then re-arranging in genres and styles of all musical inspirations such as swing, funk, salsa, rock, modern jazz, metal, world music, and more for big band or pops orchestra instrumentation and orchestration.
Band leader/Arranger/Orchestrated by:
https://www.youtube.com/user/CRosenMusic
The members of the 8-Bit Big Band come from all around the world, but most reside primarily in New York City, and are some of the most highly sought after musicians and performers.
FULL CREDITS:
Alto Sax Solo - Andrew Gould
Drum Solo - Jared Schonig
Alto Sax - Andrew Gould, Mercedes Beckman
Tenor Sax - Zac Zinger, Jordan Pettay
Baritone Sax - Sawa Tamazane
Trumpets - Bryan Davis, John Lake, Enrique Sanchez, Joey Lamb
Trombones - Rob Edwards, Darius Christian Jones, Jimmy O'Connell, Nick Grinder
Guitar - Nir Felder
Piano - Jullian Pollack
Bass - Charlie Rosen
Drums - Jared Schonig
Arrangements and Production - Charlie Rosen
Engineered and Mixed by John Kilgore
Mastered by Alan Silverman at Arf Mastering
Shot and Edited by Halleloo Productions
VFX/Animation by Taylor Russell
Thumbnail art by @MikeKILLUZ
#the8bitbigband #videogamemusic #videogamejazz
As an educator, Lewis said his job is to keep the tradition of music alive while holding his students’ interest. Lessons on jazz composition can start with blues songwriter Robert Johnson, Lewis said, before continuing onto Louis Armstrong and John Coltrane, and then to the swing era.
The director said it's inspiring because students get excited about jazz. Another part is being a role model.
“I think the most important thing is to connect with what the students like, also while teaching them the basic foundations,” he said.
One way of connecting recently was showing how rapper Mac Miller’s track “Diablo” sampled the intro for Duke Ellington’s and Coltrane’s collaborative song “In a Sentimental Mood.” He added Ariana Grande also pulled from “The Sound of Music” waltz song “My Favorite Things” in her “7 Rings” track.
Another bridge was forged by teaching students the jazzy soundtrack heard in the Mario Bros. video game franchise. He said the ensemble will perform the “Bob-omb Battlefield” theme song, as arranged by Charlie Rosen for the Grammy Award-winning group The 8-Bit Big Band.
“When (students) play the music that they like, they sound way better,” said Lewis. They enjoy it, but it’s still jazz.”
Lewis also said he has to be relatable and open to student suggestions. If a student wants a solo, he said he’ll give them a chance, as long as they talk about the portions.
The director said he has to provide critiques, but do it in a way that doesn’t shut students down. He said one student wasn’t cutting it on their first solo, so they set up a talk. After five or six rehearsals, Lewis said that student showed great improvement.
And then at a concert, he said they sounded even better.
All performances are free to attend at the Westbrook Auditorium in Presser Hall, 1210 N. Park St., Bloomington.
Friday
9:40 a.m. — Chillicothe Junior High School
10:55 a.m. — Centennial High School
11:20 a.m. — Centennial High School
11:45 a.m. — Jacksonville High School
12:10 p.m. — Paxton-Buckley-Loda High School
1 p.m. — IWU Jazz Ensemble
2:25 p.m. — ROWVA High School
2:50 p.m. — Mossville Junior High school
3:15 p.m. — Normal West High School (Jazz Kats)
3:40 p.m. — Bloomington Junior High School
4:05 p.m. — Normal West High School
4:30 p.m.  — Illinois Valley Central High School
4:55 p.m.  — Illinois Valley Central High School
5:20 p.m.  — Illinois Valley Central High School
6 p.m. — Festival adjudicators perform
Saturday
9:40 a.m. — Bureau Valley High School
10:05 a.m. — Monticello High School
10:30 a.m. — Dwight Township High School
10:55 a.m. — Tri-Valley High School
11:30 a.m. — Festival adjudicators perform
1 p.m. — IWU Jazz Ensemble
Here is a list of four of the most influential male musicians of all time. 1, B.B. King — The King of Blues. B.B. King was a legendary and influential blues musician. He became known for his soulful guitar playing and distinctive singing style. He received numerous honors throughout his career, including 15 Grammy Awards and a Lifetime Achievement Grammy. 2, Bob Marley — The King of Reggae. Bob Marley was a Jamaican singer, songwriter, and musician who brought reggae music to global recognition. Marley's iconic songs include ‘One Love,’ ‘No Woman, No Cry’ and ‘Redemption Song'. 3, Elvis Presley — The King of Rock and Roll. Elvis Presley was a trailblazer in the development of rock music. His electrifying stage presence and performances made him a cultural icon. His fusion of country, rhythm and blues, and rockabilly created a groundbreaking sound that changed the course of popular music. 4, Louis Armstrong — The King of Jazz. Louis Armstrong was a legendary jazz musician and trumpeter. He was one of the most influential figures in the development of jazz music and is known for his unique voice and improvisational skills.
Between the 1930s and the early 1950s, Manhattan's 52nd Street (also called “Swing Street,” or simply “The Street”) was the hub of the city's nightlife. The street was home to iconic performance venues including the Downbeat, The Three Deuces, Charlie Parker’s Birdland, Famous Door, Kelly’s Stable, Spotlight, Jimmy Ryan’s, Club Samoa, Club Carousel, The Onyx, The 21 Club (the sole remaining club), and The Hickory House. The area was convenient to musicians because of its proximity to Broadway, where many had other gigs. It was also close to the studios of CBS Radio, where performers often guested, and Sarah Vaughan starred on national shows.
William Gottlieb began writing a jazz column for the Washington Post when he was a college senior in 1938. By the mid-1940s he was a writer-photographer for Downbeat magazine and also shot for some of the nation’s most popular weekly magazines. Gottlieb wrote a book called “The Golden Age Of Jazz,” and in 1995 donated his collection of jazz photos to the Library Of Congress. This collection represents the atmosphere and class embodied in what became known as the Golden Age of Jazz. Stacker reviewed Gotlieb's collection and picked out 30 stunning photos offering a representative view of that historic era and its major players.
Musicians and vocalists including the likes of Miles Davis, Stan Kenton, Cab Calloway, Dizzy Gillespie, Thelonious Monk, Ella Fitzgerald, Coleman Hawkins, Sarah Vaughan, Billie Holliday, Lionel Hampton and Charlie Parker himself headlined at these nightspots. “The Street” gained national prominence via live broadcasts by a disc jockey named Sidney Tarnopol (“Symphony Sid”). For a time, Tarnopol headquartered his program at Birdland.
The coterie of headliners who played 52nd Street frequently headed uptown with their instruments after gigs to Minton’s Playhouse in Harlem, a modest after-hours diner. There they would have the jam sessions where they workshopped their new sonic form—“bebop.” Once the foundations were laid for this revolutionary, rapidly paced genre, 52nd Street became the unofficial bebop (or “bop”) capital of the world.
Leading the bop vanguard stylistically and in influence were trumpeter Dizzy Gillespie, pianist Mary Lou Williams, pianist Monk, and drummer Max Roach. One impetus behind bop was setting a pace that was nearly impossible for pretenders to appropriate. Bop artists felt their runaway chord structures and unpredictable changes helped them secure gigs, studio work, and band positions that otherwise could have been occupied by copycats. In the late 1950s and early 1960s, the trend of urban renewal forced New York City jazz to spread geographically—or shutter altogether. The genre also lost peak popularity among the young hipsters, to folk, soul, the Beat Generation, and eventually, the British Invasion exemplified by The Beatles. The last traditional jazz spot there closed its doors in 1968; the 21 Club exists solely as a bar and restaurant now.
Gottlieb’s photographic treasure truly encapsulates a 20-year run between the end of Prohibition and the music’s migration to other sections of Manhattan—one of which was Greenwich Village. Continue reading to get a snapshot of the Golden Age of Jazz.
You may also like: American history from the year you were born
This image captures the neon collage of 52nd Street in New York City, circa 1948. The vantage point is from the south side of 52nd Street, between Fifth and Sixth avenues, looking west. The Three Deuces marquis announces saxophonist Charlie Parker headlining with Max Roach on drums.
Patrons gather at The Three Deuces on 52nd Street in New York City to enjoy a bill of bassist Oscar Pettiford and drummer J.C. Heard with flashy pianist Erroll Garner, circa 1948.
Bandleader Duke Ellington and drummer Sonny Greer are seen in action at the Aquarium nightclub in New York City, circa November 1946. The Ellington organization was one of the tightest bands in the U.S.—so much so, its members called Ellington “Old Grumpy” and “The Headbanger”—behind his back of course.
Here we find a young Miles Davis and Ray Brown back trumpeter Dizzy Gillespie at the Downbeat club in New York City, while a pre-Modern Jazz Quartet John Lewis accompanies on piano, and Cecil Payne performs on baritone sax. This photo was taken between 1946 and 1948 during the dawn of bebop.
Bandleader Stan Kenton and sax player Bob Gioga commiserate before a showbill announcing Kenton’s big band (circa 1947 or 1948). By 1947 Kenton had expanded his orchestra to 20 members, showcasing what he termed “progressive jazz.” His arranger was Pete Rugolo, later famous for his work scoring “Leave It To Beaver” and “The Fugitive.”
You may also like: Iconic products released the year you were born
Louis Armstrong is seen at Carnegie Hall in New York City, circa April 1947, holding Bobby Hackett’s trumpet, as Armstrong’s instrument had just been stolen. Armstrong was part of the first presentation of jazz at Carnegie Hall.
On the occasion of Charlie Parker’s 1947 return to 52nd Street, “Bird” performs at the Three Deuces in New York City with Tommy Potter on upright bass, Duke Jordan at the piano, and Miles Davis on trumpet. This gig was a year after Parker’s six-month rehab stint in California’s Camarillo State Mental Hospital.
Billie Holiday sings in New York City at Downbeat, circa February 1947. Lady Day’s coiff appears shorter in this image, and if she is wearing her trademark gardenia in her hair, it’s on the other side.
Bandleader and vibraphonist Lionel Hampton and saxophonist Arnett Cobb play at New York City’s Aquarium nightclub, circa June 1946. The Aquarium was situated at West 47th Street and Seventh Avenue. In that era, the Aquarium, the Downbeat, The Stork Club, The Three Deuces, and Jimmy Ryan’s were prominent midtown venues.
Six “Modern School” arrangers, Neal Hefti, George Handy, Ralph Burns, Johnny Richards, Eddie Sauter and Edwin A. Finckel, pose for a photo at the Museum of Modern Art in New York City, circa March 1947. The works of Pablo Picasso and Henry Moore are on the walls around them.
You may also like: Popular fashion trends the year you were born
Vivien Garry performs at Dixon’s in New York City, circa May 1947, with Teddy Kaye and guitarist Arvin Charles Garrison, Garry’s husband. Garry also led the Vivien Garry Quintet, in which she was the bassist.
Ella Fitzgerald, Dizzy Gillespie, Milt “Bags” Jackson, Timmie Rosenkrantz, and Ray Brown gig at the Downbeat in New York City, circa September 1947. It was in Dizzy’s band that “The First Lady Of Jazz” truly became a scat singer, influenced by the syncopation of bebop. The 30-year-old Fitzgerald also recorded “Oh, Lady Be Good!” that year.
Bandleader Cabel “Cab” Calloway is pictured in New York City, circa January 1947. Calloway was the flamboyant pioneer of the scat-singing genre, which helped birth hip-hop. He attended Lincoln University with fellow Baltimore native Thurgood Marshall. Calloway also popularized the loose-fitting zoot suit.
Pianist Nat King Cole is pictured at the piano in New York City, circa June 1947. Before he was a silky solo crooner, Cole was a brilliant slide pianist leading The King Cole Trio. Several years later he became the first Black person to host a national TV show.
Arnett Cobb and his band share the bill with “Big” Sid Catlett and his group at the Apollo Theatre in Harlem, New York City, between 1946 and 1948. Catlett was a legendary drummer, who played in Sarah Vaughan’s band. His namesake son Sid Catlett was a basketball star at Notre Dame.
You may also like: 30 famous student protests
This shot of Sidney Bechet, Freddie Moore, and Lloyd Phillips was taken at Jimmy Ryan’s club in midtown Manhattan, circa June 1947. Bechet, a clarinetist and sax player with an infamously erratic temperament, is considered a father of jazz and was one of the firsts to record a solo jazz record.
A young Miles Davis is captured observing trumpeter Howard McGhee in New York City, circa September 1947. Davis moved from his native Illinois to attend the Juilliard School but dropped out when he realized he learned more by watching and sitting in with fellow musicians in the city’s jazz clubs.
A nightclub singer performs at a venue on midtown Manhattan’s 52nd Street (circa 1948), which was the hub of postwar jazz nightlife, and home to venues such as Birdland, Jimmy Ryan’s, Famous Door, The Club Carousel, The Onyx, and Spotlight. It was referred to as “Swing Street,” or simply “The Street.”
The south side of 52nd Street is pictured here, looking west from between Fifth and Sixth avenues. The shot, taken circa July 1948, shows Samoa Club, Jimmy Ryan’s, the Onyx, Tony’s, the Club Carousel, and The Three Deuces, where Erroll Garner is headlining with Oscar Pettiford and J.C. Heard.
Sarah Vaughan sings at Cafe Society in New York City, circa August 1946. Nicknamed “Sassy,” and “The Divine Sarah Vaughan,” the Newark native was 22 when this photo was taken. She was discovered four years earlier by piano legend Earl “Fatha” Hines while she was entering talent contests at Harlem’s Apollo Theater. She began her solo career in 1945 on 52nd Street at The Three Deuces, the Famous Door, the Onyx, and the Downbeat.
You may also like: What having a baby was like the year you were born
Bebop pianist Thelonius Monk and trumpeter Howard McGhee are pictured at Minton’s Playhouse in Harlem, New York City, circa September 1947. Minton’s was an after-hours restaurant where musicians such as Monk experimented with the rapid, syncopated scales that became bebop, or “bop.” The players upped these tempos to prevent other musicians from being able to appropriate their style.
Pianist Art Tatum and bandleader and arranger Phil Moore stand outside Downbeat on 52nd Street in New York City, sometime between 1946 and 1948. In the late 1940s, Moore toured with an ensemble called The Phil Moore Four (featuring Milt Hinton on bass). Moore helped jumpstart singer/actress Dorothy Dandridge’s career. Tatum influenced everyone from Ray Charles and Bud Powell to Charlie Parker, Mary Lou Williams, and Herbie Hancock.
Bandleader Stan Kenton and Buddy Childers are pictured here in Richmond, Virginia, in 1947 or 1948. Childers was a trumpeter and composer, who is only 21 or 22 here. Kenton asked him to join his band at age 16. Kenton’s arranger in 1947 and 1948 was future TV and film composer Pete Rugolo.
Pianist James P. Johnson plays with Freddie Moore at William P. Gottlieb’s office party in Jamaica, Queens, New York City, circa 1948. Johnson was an early vanguardist of slide piano. “Slide” was a divergent genre from “rag”(time)—more bluesy and free swinging, with an interplay between the right and left hands.
Trumpeter Bunk Johnson, blues singer Huddie “Leadbelly” Ledbetter, and Alcide Pavageau perform at Stuyvesant Casino in New York City, circa June 1946. Johnson suffered a stroke in 1948, and died the following year. Leadbelly wrote the political anthem “Bourgeois Blues,” and popularized the tunes “Goodnight, Irene,” “Midnight Special,” and “Boll Weevil.”
You may also like: 50 ways America is projected to change by 2050
Pioneering pianist Mary Lou Williams is pictured at CBS Radio studio in New York City, circa April 1947. Williams, 37 here, hosted a weekly radio show called “Mary Lou Williams’ Piano Workshop.” She headlined at Cafe Society in Manhattan during this period, and mentored the likes of Thelonious Monk and Dizzy Gillespie in the nuances of early bebop.
Tenor sax king Coleman “Bean” Hawkins and Miles Davis are pictured at 52nd Street nightspot the Three Deuces, circa July 1947. Miles had just turned 21 when this photo was taken. He dropped out of Juilliard two years earlier, replacing Dizzy Gillespie in Charlie Parker’s quintet. In 1947 he was playing in Billy Eckstine’s band. Hawkins was a headliner at Kelly’s Stables on 52nd Street.
Innovative guitarist Les Paul is pictured in New York City, circa January 1947. Paul helped invent and popularize the electric guitar and toured with The Andrews Sisters in 1946. A year after this photo, Paul was in a life-threatening auto accident. Unable to rebuild his injured elbow, doctors fused Paul’s elbow at a 90-degree angle to allow him to continue playing guitar—at his request.
Bebop percussion ace Max Roach hams it up at 52nd Street’s Three Deuces nightclub, circa October 1947. Roach, only 23 here, played in Dizzy Gillespie’s band. Five years before this date, he subbed for Sonny Greer in Duke Ellington’s band, at Manhattan’s Paramount Theater. Roach was one of bebop’s first recognized drummers.
Billie Holiday is captured backstage with her boxer Mister, at 52nd Street’s Downbeat club, circa February 1947. At this time, Mildred Bailey was the feature performer a quarter mile away at The Blue Angel.
You may also like: How Pride is celebrated around the globe in 25 photos
Contact Brendan Denison at (309) 820-3238. Follow Brendan Denison on Twitter: @BrendanDenison
Receive the latest in local entertainment news in your inbox weekly!
Breaking News Reporter
Reginald Lewis talks about upcoming Illinois Wesleyan University Jazz Festival 
Heartland Community College on Wednesday unveiled its new 29,500-square-foot Agricultural Complex, which will support the school's agriculture…
Barbara Fields will speak at Illinois State University Feb. 28 in honor of Black History Month.
Lane reductions will begin at 7 a.m. Monday for street repairs at the intersection of College and Towanda avenues in Normal, the town said Friday.
The competition invites students to show their research or creative scholarship with a single, static image and to describe the connection of …
The Town of Normal has received a Bronze-level Bicycle Friendly Community Award from the League of American Bicyclists.
Pedro A. Flores appeared in court Friday and was charged with two counts of unlawful delivery of methamphetamine and one count of unlawful del…
Stefen Robinson's latest works include "Now Is Always" and "Rocks and Water Folded Up," which features guest performers and musical pioneers s…
Nakatani describes his solo percussion and gong orchestra shows as "sound sculptures." In this interview with our music columnist, he describe…
The Colby Powers Quintet opens for the Reginald Lewis Two Tenor Quintet 8 p.m. Saturday at Jazz UpFront. Our musician columnist hears how Powe…
For Black History Month, The Pantagraph's music columnist sat down to interview two of several founders Bloomington-Normal’s first Black-owned…
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Sign up with
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Sign in with
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.