As the movie adaptation of the bestselling Broadway musical “Wicked” continues to break records—quickly moving toward an international box office of $400 million to date—the story of the two witches from “The Wizard of Oz” is finding new audiences. 
Since the story focuses specifically on the “wicked witch of the west,” Elphaba, should the worldwide acclaim and feverish fanbase be a concern for Christians? 
“Wicked” is being heralded as a journey of self-discovery and affirmation. Elphaba (Cynthia Erivo), who faces a lifetime of mistrust and ridicule because of her green skin, somehow manages to capture the attention of Madame Morrible (Michelle Yeoh) when dropping off her sister to Skiz University. She is soon forcibly tied to a “frenemy,” Galinda (Ariana Grande), whose mistreatment of Elphaba morphs into compassion, and later an unlikely friendship. After letting her guard down, Elphaba is soon shocked to discover she’s being manipulated by authority figures to use her powers for their own dark purposes. 
In the stunning finale, Elphaba affirms her commitment to her beliefs, confidently displaying new powers while belting out the anthem, “Defying Gravity” and declaring war on those who sought her downfall. Like “Let It Go” from the Disney film “Frozen,” the song has soared in popularity, placing the original Broadway soundtrack at the top spot on the Apple Music charts. 
It’s clear that Elphaba’s story is igniting something in the hearts of those who encounter this story. But what does it mean for Christian audiences, especially those who see a story about a wicked witch dominating the top of the box office charts? Is this “Harry Potter 2.0?” 
Yes, the protagonist in the story is a witch, although she’s not a practicing one through most of the story. She harbors surprising powers, assumed through the circumstances surrounding her green skin and biology rather than occult practices. Her use of magic occurs sparingly, often in moments of duress
It’s understandable that even the mention of the word “witch” will give most believers pause. Many years ago, when the original Galinda, Kristin Chenoweth, a vocal Christian, released an album of inspirational songs, this author was approached about a potential interview. The publicist indicated that some other faith press had reservations about speaking to an actress most popularly known as being a witch. 
Chenoweth, who continued to gain popularity through roles in “The West Wing,” “RV,” “Deck the Halls” and “The Music Man,” became one of the most vocal Christian actresses, even bringing the house down in her concerts with a soaring rendition of Sandi Patty’s “Upon This Rock.” Regarding her inspirational project, she said, “This is more a blessing for me than anyone. I grew up wanting to be a Christian singer. My path ended up changing but this is still who I am.” 
For a potential viewer who isn’t comfortable with a story about a witch, whether it’s Glinda, Harry Potter, or Maleficent, no argument will be made here. The same sentiment applies to those who prefer not to participate in trick-or-treating or anything surrounding Halloween. God bless you for your convictions. However, for those who are drawn to the story or curious about what attracts others, let's take a deeper look.
As we approach a story that captivates the attention of popular culture to the degree “Wicked” has, one should look at the Apostle Paul in Acts 17. He reflected on the spiritual atmosphere of Athens, a spiritually minded but not Christian culture, and found a point of agreement, but not approval. He pointed to an altar honoring the “Unknown God” and related this to the one true God. 
“Then Paul stood up in the meetingof the Areopagus and said, ‘Men of Athens, I see that in every way you are very religious. For as I walked around and examined your objects of worship, I even found an altar with this inscription: TO AN UNKNOWN GOD. Therefore, what you worship as something unknown, I now proclaim to you…” (Acts 17:22-24). 
While crowds are drawn to “Wicked,” there is a longing to see a story that upholds positive, even Christian themes such as compassion, forgiveness, friendship, community, and justice. Whether or not he is mentioned, God rules over Oz, and it’s the humans who mess everything up. In the heartfelt song “I’m Not That Girl,” Elphaba sings, “Heaven knows…” which at the very least indicates that Oz is not heaven, but it does exist. 
The land of Oz is brilliant, beautiful and dazzling but plagued by the same darkness that invades our own world. The students at Shiz University are frequently shallow, unkind and materialistic, the Wizard and his colleagues are corrupt, and even those sweet little Munchkins that we grew to love are easily manipulated into a mob mentality. 
As they celebrate the death of “The Wicked Witch” based on the facts provided to them, one might think of the crowds calling for the release of Barabbas instead of Jesus. Like our world, Oz is a place ripe for correction and justice, and within the framework of this story, it’s Elphaba who will be the hero that it needs. In the real world, of course, it’s the risen Christ. 
Elphaba sees a grave injustice happening to the animals of Oz, a societal purge of a marginalized segment of their world, much like the rise of the Third Reich in Germany in the 1930s. Having no doubt developed a heart compassion from her years of being an outcast, she embarks on a quest for truth and her kind heart lands her in the crosshairs of dark forces who would later launch the campaign to discredit her. This mirrors Christian call to care for the marginalized and stand against oppression.
Perhaps the greatest takeaway from the story is the compassion and empathy that drew the two unlikely friends together. Elphaba, moved by what she sees as a kind act, returns the favor and then in her lowest moment, Glinda puts her reputation on the line to defend her. Until that moment, Glinda had been portrayed every bit as shallow as her classmates. In a simple moment that would define the rest of the story, something changed within her, and she put herself out there. This pivotal moment of selflessness reflects the Biblical call to love and stand up for “the least of these.”
As a father of three girls navigating their way to adulthood, I’m acutely aware of the challenges of growing up feeling different—or being part of a crowd that excludes others. “If you see someone alone or someone who needs a friend, you go be their friend,” I would tell them. 
As they fill the rooms of our house belting out the songs from the film, I’m happy that a film that promotes kindness, compassion, and justice has spoken to them so strongly. 
Dewayne Hamby has covered faith-based music, movies, television, books, and the retail industry for more than 30 years. He is a film member of the Critics Choice Association and the author of the book Gratitude Adjustment. Connect with him at on Facebook, X, YouTube or Instagram.
7 Must-See Christian Movies Based on Books
Join Beliefnet Today!
See all our uplifting newsletters!