LBC




                
                    Ali Miraj
                
                

12pm - 3pm


                        
                            Showbiz News
                            



Ali Miraj is Leading Britain's Conversation

        Use the LBC app to listen to live radio for LBC & LBC News
    


            Listen
        

9 August 2024, 20:39 | Updated: 9 August 2024, 21:13

        
            By Flaminia Luck
        
    
Taylor Swift fans - also known as 'Swifties' - in Vienna have made the most of a bad situation after all three concerts due to be held in the city were cancelled over a terror threat.
Fans have gathered in their thousands in the Austrian capital to sing some of the songs they would have seen live.
They have also recieved free gifts - such as necklaces or ice cream - from local shops and restaurants.
Friendship bracelets have also been left on Corneliusgasse - aka Cornelia Street - a track name from Swift's album Lover.
All three of the music megastar's concerts due to be held at the Ernst Happel stadium were cancelled after Austrian law enforcement announced it had foiled a suspected attack on the venue.
Jacki, 23, from Germany, told LBC she was "sad" when she found out the shows had been cancelled.
"At first I was sad of course, but that sadness didn’t last that long as I‘m so so so glad now she canceled it cause it would have turned into a disaster if the shows were happening. 
"I‘m just really relieved" she added.
Jacki recieved a free necklace from the Swarovski store in Vienna after showing them her Eras Tour ticket, as well as free ice cream.
Earlier this week, concert organizers Barracuda Music announced all three shows were “canceled due to government officials confirming a planned terrorist attack.” 
The statement continued, “With confirmation from government officials of a planned terrorist attack at Ernst Happel Stadium, we have no choice but to cancel the three scheduled shows for everyone’s safety.”
Earlier today, a third suspect was arrested in connection with the planned attack.
Read more: King thanks emergency services for 'all they are doing to restore peace' following rioting across UK
Read more: 'I've been expecting you' Watch moment rioter who had been waiting for police is arrested on doorstep
Swifties singing throughout Vienna, this is incredible to experience and so comforting to unite together in the wake of darkness. Thank you for all the Swiftie love and the Austrian gov’t for keeping us safe 🫶 #swifties #TaylorSwift #ViennaTStheErasTour #swiftiestrong… pic.twitter.com/jTzF1NlB3c
Swifties singing All Too Well (TV) in Vienna today 🫶🏻✨️ https://t.co/16GnsD22OG pic.twitter.com/sXKt1mUw4X
champagne problems at cornelia street in vienna ❤️‍🩹 #ViennaTStheErasTour pic.twitter.com/vSltAzuLJ6
The singer was reportedly "devastated for her fans" but "would never risk (their) safety", particularly when considering the tragic bombing that took place at an Ariana Grande concert in 2017.
"But the thought of what could have happened if the concerts had been targeted by a terror attack is horrifying, and she would never risk the safety of her fans."
The source added: "The memory of what happened at Ariana Grande's concert in Manchester is still very vivid in everyone's minds. 
"But she has told her team that she wants to try to return to Vienna as soon as possible in the future. She is very conscious of how disappointed her fans in Austria are.
"A source has told The Mirror: "Taylor has been devastated by this. She is devastated for the fans who have been waiting for years to see her."