Manage your account
This story has been updated to include new information.
Doll boxes for characters in the movie "Wicked" have turned out naughtier than even the movie title implies.
Boxes for Elphaba, Glinda and Nessarose dolls from Mattel, and the deluxe Elphaba and Glinda dolls, all based on characters from the highly anticipated film adaptation of the award-winning Broadway musical coming to theaters this month incorrectly list a website URL on the boxes and in the instructions inside that leads to an adult content website rather than the movie website.
The movie website is wickedmovie.com, the boxes, however, point purchasers to wicked.com, which lands people on an age verification page for an adult site containing nude photos and video of sexual acts.
"Wicked," featuring Ariana Grande and Cynthia Erivo, is set to premier on Nov. 22. The film recounts the previously untold story of the witches of Oz, and the unlikely friendship between popular and privileged Glinda and the misunderstood young woman with unusual green skin, Elphaba.
The website address error has been the focus of multiple posts on Reddit, X and other social media sites since shoppers discovered it. Many of those posting on X said they were shocked and angry after their children went to the wrong website.
Here's what we know.
Numerous national retailers sell the dolls on their websites, including Sam's Club, Walmart, Target and Toys r Us. Meijer carries some Lego "Wicked" toys, but does not list dolls on its website.
Dolls with incorrect packaging were found on the shelves of a Michigan Walmart store. It's not clear whether the dolls are available in store at other retailers.
The retailers all offer a variety of other "Wicked" merchandise. The incorrect website was only spotted on the Elphaba and Glinda boxes.
As of Sunday, Mattel had not released any statement on its website, or its social media accounts, X, Instagram and Facebook.
Universal's musical event, "Wicked," will be released Nov. 22 in major theaters.
"Wicked" is the first chapter of a two-part series. "Wicked Part Two" is scheduled to arrive in U.S. theaters on Nov. 21, 2025.
The movie will be rated PG when it hits theaters in November. The movie's rating description cites "scary action, thematic material, and brief suggestive material."
This article originally appeared on Lansing State Journal: 'Wicked' doll packaging points to adult website instead of movie