Today's e-Edition
Get Morning Report and other email newsletters
Get Morning Report and other email newsletters
Today's e-Edition

			Trending:		
Now that the extra-hot summer box office of “Inside Out 2” and “Deadpool & Wolverine” is cooling down, the fall film forecast is for a more subdued pattern with gusts of award wannabes and occasional showers of sequels and crowd-pleasers.
Nearly every genre gets a chance to shine this upcoming season, including musicals (“Wicked,” “Emilia Pérez” and, in a weird way, “Joker: Folie à Deux”), horror films (“The Front Room,” “Bagman,” “The Substance,” “Smile 2,” “Heretic”) and animated delights (“Transformers One,” “The Wild Robot,” “Spellbound”).
You can also expect to see comic-book characters flexing their box-office muscles, including the aforementioned “Joker” and “Venom: The Last Dance,” the third in that film franchise.
Here are the movies (five each from September, October and November) that we’re most excited about, plus some honorable mentions.
Release dates, of course, are subject to change.
“Beetlejuice Beetlejuice”: Tim Burton revisits one of his favorite haunts — the iconic 1988 Gothic comedy hit “Beetlejuice” — and brings much of the spirited gang from the original along with him, including Michael Keaton as the ghost who freaks out homeowners, Wynona Ryder as Beetlejuice’s human buddy and Catherine O’Hara as her mom. The sequel conjures a new generation in the form of Jenna Ortega, who plays Ryder’s character’s daughter who inadvertently yanks Beetlejuice back into the human realm. Burton has been hit or miss of late, with his visual flair intact but his storytelling often in disarray. Our spirits remain guarded, but high, for this one; the Venice Film Festival crowd seemed to eat it up. When & where: In theaters Sept. 6.
“My Old Ass”: In one of the best crowd-pleasers of 2024, a micro-mushrooming experience on an 18th birthday camping trip results in 18-year-old Elliott (Maisy Stella) meeting up with her 39-year-old self (Aubrey Plaza). What could have been a one-joke gimmick turns into a heartfelt, funny comedy/drama that takes you to some profound spaces. When & where: In select theaters (including S.F.) Sept. 20, wider release on Sept. 27.
“The Substance”: Our culture’s incessant worship of youthful beauty and chiseled bods drives an image-conscious celebrity (Demi Moore) to try a too-good-to-be-true drug that transforms her into a pretty young thing (Margaret Qualley). The film reportedly shocked critics and audiences alike at the Cannes Film Festival, but earned a 13-minute standing ovation and won a screenwriting award. When & where: In theaters Sept. 20.
“A Different Man”: After undergoing a physical transformation, a fledgling actor (Sebastian Stan) now in possession of some smashing good looks competes for a role that is based on who he is. He encounters stiff competition from a confident actor (Adam Pearson) who looks similar to his former self. This Sundance drama earned praise for its ambition, performances and handling of complex issues. When & where: In select theaters Sept. 20.
“The Wild Robot”: Task-driven robot ROZZUM unit 7134 (voice of Lupita Nyong’o) crash lands on a wooded island where she reluctantly raises an orphaned gosling and befriends a wily fox (voice of Pedro Pascal). DreamWorks Animation’s latest production — released by Universal Pictures — might well become a film franchise given the popularity of the award-winning book series on which it is based. When & where: In theater Sept. 27.
“Joker: Folie À Deux”: Joaquin Phoenix came up with four aces — and an Oscar — the first time he cackled and killed as one of the world’s most enduring supervillains (aka Arthur Fleck). In this eagerly anticipated sequel, director Todd Phillips pairs him with another unhinged anti-hero: Harley Quinn (Lady Gaga). The twosome meet — probably not so cute — at Arkham State Hospital and then become all the rage in Gotham City as they dance and sing the dark nights away. When & where: In theaters Oct. 4.
“Saturday Night”: What was it like backstage and onstage during that nail-biter of a debut of “Saturday Night Live” on Oct. 11, 1975? Jason Reitman takes us through the landmark night of TV in real-time with a talented ensemble cast including Gabriel LaBelle as creator Lorne Michaels; Ella Hunt as Gilda Radner; Dylan O’Brien as Dan Aykroyd; Cory Michael Smith as Chevy Chase; and Jon Batiste as Billy Preston. When & where: In theaters Oct. 11.
https://youtu.be/i15aF–RBoI?si=MSaCBrzaVHeNkvU4
“We Live in Time”:  Director John Crowley’s decades-spanning love story chronicles the ups, downs and in-betweens of a romance between two very likable people — played by the very likable Andrew Garfield and Florence Pugh. The trailer turned us into a puddle. When & where: In theaters Oct. 11.
“Anora”: It collected the top prize at the Cannes Film Festival, but will Sean Baker’s comedic, one-of-a-kind feature about the whirlwind romance between a Brooklyn exotic dancer (Mikey Madison) and a Russian oligarch (Mark Eydelshteyn) and the wild family drama that ensues appeal to the mainstream? Given all the raves, the latest effort from one of America’s best and most provocative filmmakers might even cop a best picture Oscar nomination. When & where: In theaters Oct. 18.
“Nickel Boys”: There’s almost always that one under-the-radar film that surprises everyone. I’m hoping this year’s breakout will be this first dramatic feature from documentarian RaMell Ross (“Hale County This Morning, This Evening”), an adaptation of Colson Whitehead’s devastating, truth-based Pulitzer-winning novel about two Black teens who attended a horrific Florida reform school. What happened behind closed doors there haunts a nation years later. When & where: In limited theatrical release Oct 25.
“Conclave”: The closely watched selection of a new pope after the unexpected death of the previous pontiff dredges up secrets and fuels a power struggle in this tense thriller directed by Edward Berger. With an acclaimed cast (Ralph Fiennes, John Lithgow, Stanley Tucci, Isabella Rossellini) and a proven director who breathed new cinematic life into his Oscar-winning take on “All Quiet on the Western Front,” this prestige title is positioning itself as an awards magnet. When & where: In limited release Nov. 1, wider release Nov. 8; also opening night selection (Oct. 3) at Mill Valley Film Festival.
“Gladiator II”: In director Ridley Scott’s sequel to the Russell Crowe 2000 Oscar giant, a lowly Lucius (Paul Mescal) channels his rage about the destruction of his home by flexing his muscles and wielding a sword in and out of Rome’s Colosseum ring. The trailer promises more beefed-up battle sequences; the cast includes Denzel Washington, Pedro Pascal, Joseph Quinn and Connie Nielsen. Just take our money now. When & where: In theaters Nov. 22.
“Wicked”: Palo Alto native Jon M. Chu proved his mettle as a musical director with “In the Heights,” even if the film didn’t whistle a happy tune at the box office. Don’t worry, my pretties, his star-studded take on the beloved Tony-award-winning powerhouse, featuring Cynthia Erivo, Ariana Grande, Michelle Yeoh, Jonathan Bailey and Jeff Goldblum, among others, promises to bring down the house. When & where: Part 1 drops in theaters Nov. 22; Part 2 is due out Nov. 26, 2025. Also, a touring production of the stage show is playing at San Francisco’s Orpheum Theatre through Oct. 13; www.broadwaysf.com.
“Emilia Pérez”: A dynamite cast — Zoe Saldaña, Selena Gomez, Karla Sofia Gascón, Edgar Ramírez — fuels this bold and vivacious Cannes Film Festival winner that bursts with song and dance numbers, and drama. French director/screenwriter Jacques Audiard’s feature defies categorization as it peers into the lives of four intrepid women in Mexico. The trailer exudes confidence and combustible energy. When & where: In select theaters Nov. 1, on Netflix Nov. 13; also screening Oct. 5 at the Mill Valley Film Festival.
“The Piano Lesson”: Malcolm Washington’s directorial feature debut proves that love for August Wilson runs in the family (his father, Denzel, directed and starred in the playwright’s “Fences”). Wilson’s Pulitzer Prize-winning play is about two siblings (John David Washington and Danielle Deadwyler) in 1936 Pittsburgh as they square off over the fate of an heirloom — the family piano. Officiating over this symbolic tug-of-war is their uncle (Samuel L. Jackson). Wilson’s plays are guaranteed to make for a riveting watch — on film or on stage. When & where: In select theaters Nov. 8, on Netflix Nov. 22; screening Oct. 6 at Mill Valley Film Festival.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group