ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
SAN FRANCISCO, CALIFORNIA - AUGUST 10: Sabrina Carpenter performs on Day 2 of Outside Lands Festival ... More 2024 at Golden Gate Park on August 10, 2024 in San Francisco, California. Sabrina Carpenter joins Ariana Grande, Beyonce, and Taylor Swift as the only women to spend more than one week at No. 1 on the Billboard 200 this year. (Photo by Steve Jennings/FilmMagic)
Sabrina Carpenter rules the Billboard 200 again this week with her latest album, Short N’ Sweet. The set debuted at No. 1 last frame with one of the largest starting sums of the year, and now it’s managed to hold on for a second turn with 159,000 equivalent units shifted. The rising pop star joins a very exclusive club of women who have managed similar showings in 2024 as she holds onto control of the highest spot on the tally.
Short N’ Sweet is just the fifth album by a woman to spend more than one week at No. 1 on the Billboard 200 this year. Carpenter is the latest artist to join this group, which includes just three other names, as one act has been lucky enough to see two titles manage the showing.
Taylor Swift’s The Tortured Poets Department is the longest-running No. 1 of the year. The superstar’s lengthy effort has ruled the Billboard 200 for 15 nonconsecutive turns. That’s one of the most impressive accumulations of stays atop the tally of all time, especially when looking at projects by solo female artists.
The Grammy champion is the only musician to see more than one project spend at least two weeks atop the Billboard 200 this year. Swift’s previous set, 1989 (Taylor’s Version), has racked up a pair of turns in first place on the consumption-fueled roster. That project reached No. 1 in late 2023, and continued to rule into early 2024.
Ariana Grande was the second woman—following Swift’s showing with 1989 (Taylor’s Version)—to spend two weeks at No. 1 on the Billboard 200 this year. Her new hit-packed Eternal Sunshine collected a pair of turns in charge of the competitive list early on.
Beyoncé followed shortly afterward with her first country project. Cowboy Carter also lived at No. 1 for two turns after opening with what now holds as the second-largest start of 2024.
Looking at all artists, the list of names who have earned more than a single stay in the Billboard 200’s penthouse this year expands. Three other acts—both men and groups made up of male artists—have done the same. That roundup includes Ye (formerly Kanye West) and Ty Dolla $ign, 21 Savage, and Morgan Wallen.