Broadway + NYC
Broadway
Off-Broadway
Off-Off Broadway
Cabaret
Dance
Opera
Classical Music
United States
Eastern
Central
Western
Minneapolis / St. Paul
Connecticut
Atlanta
Chicago
Los Angeles
Central New York
West End
WEST END
UK Regional
International
Canada
Australia / New Zealand
Europe
Asia
Latin America
Africa / Middle East
Entertainment
TV/Movies
Music
Rise and shine, BroadwayWorld! It is November 12, 2024 and it's time to catch up on all of the theatrical happenings you may have missed in the last 24 hours.
POPULAR
Rise and shine, BroadwayWorld! It is November 12, 2024 and it's time to catch up on all of the theatrical happenings you may have missed in the last 24 hours: 
But first...
Tuesday, November 12Maybe Happy Ending opens on BroadwayThursday, November 14Tammy Faye opens on BroadwaySunday, November 17Elf the Musical opens on Broadway
Review Roundup: A WONDERFUL WORLD Opens On Broadwayby Review RoundupsTony Award-winning actor James Monroe Iglehart steps into the shoes of the one and only Louis Armstrong in the new Broadway musical, A Wonderful World, opening tonight! See what critics thought Broadway's newest biomusical!
Photos: MAYBE HAPPY ENDING Starring Darren Criss and Helen J. Shenby Stephi WildPerformances are now underway for MAYBE HAPPY ENDING at the Belasco Theatre. The production stars Emmy and Golden Globe Award-winner Darren Criss, Helen J Shen and more. Check out all new photos here!. (more...)
Photos/Video: A WONDERFUL WORLD Starring James Monroe Iglehart as Louis Armstrongby Blair IngenthronA Wonderful World: The Louis Armstrong Musical has released production video and additional photos of Tony Award winner James Monroe Iglehart and company. The production opens tonight on Broadway at Studio 54. Check out the photos and video highlights here! 
Photos: Lupita Nyong'o Visits THE PLAY THAT GOES WRONGby Bruce GlikasLupita Nyong'o recently paid a visit to the off-Broadway production of The Play That Goes Wrong. Following the show, she posed backstage with the cast. Check out photos here!. (more...)
U.S. Music Stores to Host Official WICKED Movie Soundtrack Listening Partiesby Josh SharpeMusic stores across the country will host official listening parties to celebrate the soundtrack for the new Wicked movie. From November 22-24, fans can head to a local music store to listen to the new soundtrack. The parties will also include exclusive giveaways and prizes.. (more...) 
Paul Mescal in STREETCAR, Whitney White's MACBETH IN STRIDE & More to Play BAM in 2025by Blair IngenthronBAM has revealed its 2025 Winter Spring Season, featuring Paul Mescal in A Streetcar Named Desire, Whitney White's Macbeth in Stride, and more. Learn more about the full lineup here!. (more...) 
Review Roundup: STRATEGIC LOVE PLAY, Starring Heléne Yorke and Michael Zegenby Nicole RoskyStrategic Love Play, starring Heléne Yorke and Michael Zegen and written by Miriam Battye, is now being presented by Audible. Check out what the critics are saying here!. (more...)
Video: Kristin Chenoweth Praises WICKED Movie on THE TODAY SHOWby Josh SharpeTony winner Kristin Chenoweth visited the Today Show on Monday morning to discuss several new projects, including her holiday film Our Little Secret and the new Wicked movie. During the interview, Chenoweth praised the film and shared her thoughts about how it might have an effect on future theatergoers. Watch it now!. (more...) 
Video: New Sneak Peek of 'The Wizard and I' Debuts During Cynthia Erivo's TODAY SHOW Interviewby Josh SharpeOn Sunday, Cynthia Erivo sat down with Willie Geist to chat about the Wicked movie. Among the topics covered include her knowledge of the original musical, the casting process, her friendship with Ariana Grande, and more. Watch it now!. (more...)
Anne Hathaway
Other birthdays on this date include:
Manoel FelcianoJamie LloydMegan Mullally 
See you bright and early tomorrow, BroadwayWorld!
- Into the Woods
Madeline Ashton is the most beautiful actress (just ask her) ever to grace the stage and screen. Helen Sharp is the long-suffering author (just ask her) who lives in her shadow. They have always been the best of frenemies… until Madeline steals Helen’s fiancé away. As Helen plots revenge and Madeline clings to her rapidly fading star, their world is suddenly turned upside down by Viola Van Horn, a mysterious woman with a secret that’s to die for.  After one sip of Viola’s magical potion, Madeline and Helen begin a new era of life (and death) with their youth and beauty restored…and a grudge to last eternity. Life’s a bitch and then you die. Or not!
BroadwayWorld is saddened to report the passing of Tony-nominated actor Stephen Mo Hanan. Hanan passed away on April 3, 2025 at his home in Manhattan.
Actors' Equity Association is raising alarm over President Donald Trump’s latest budget proposal, which calls for the elimination of federal funding for the National Endowment for the Arts (NEA) and other cultural agencies.
A bevy of Broadway’s brightest stars - from icons Jennifer Holliday and Andrea Martin to show-stopping newcomers Tom Francis and Jasmine Amy Rogers - lit up the Al Hirschfeld Theatre on April 28, 2025, at the inaugural Broadway Dream Roles. Get a first look at highlights from the event!
Jordan Litz and his Wicked co-stars have returned with another installment of the 'Swankified Stairwell Sessions.' This time, they video features Allie Trimm and Mary Kate Morrissey for a performance of 'What Is This Feeling?'
Videos
Recommended For You
Sign up for announcements, and exclusive discounts on tickets to your favorite shows!
© 2025 - Copyright Wisdom Digital Media, all rights reserved. Privacy Policy