By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Monday’s episode of The Voice kick-started Season 26’s Knockouts with Mega Mentors Jennifer Hudson and Sting tapping in to help out Gwen Stefani, Reba McEntire, “Uncle Snoop” Dogg and Michael Bublé. But even with the coaches receiving all-star assists, we still got a mixed-bag evening of performances. Read on, and we’ll discuss them, one and all.
Team Snoop: Austyns Stancil singing “Dance With My Father” (Grade: B-) defeated Christina Eagle singing “My Church” (Grade: C+) and Jake Tankersley singing “Going, Going, Gone” (Grade: B) — Christina saved by Snoop, Jake stolen by Gwen | Up first, Austyns sang prettily enough on Luther Vandross’ weepy ballad but didn’t quite hit the mountain-peak-high note for which he reached. His range is incredible, but this performance, forgettable. Second in the spotlight, Christina woke up the joint with her rollicking rendition of Maren Morris’ hit. But, as much fun as she was, let’s be real: We’ve seen 100 better country singers pass through this show. Last in line, Jake brought to the stage what was perhaps the most well-modulated performance. He started off low and easy, then let out just a hint of a controlled growl. None these really rocked my world, but in Snoop’s seat, I’d have gone with Austyns; I may not have liked this number especially, but he for sure has the most versatile and impressive pipes.

 




Related Stories Grosse Pointe Garden Society Finally Reveals Who Died the Night of the Gala — And It’s Not Who You Expected Grey’s Recap: A Romantic Twist, a Devastating Turn and One Big Step Toward a New Couple 
Team Reba: Adam Bonahan singing “Colors” (Grade: A) defeated Cassidy Lee singing “Love Me Like a Man” (Grade: A) and  Jaukeem Fortson singing “God Only Know” (Grade: A+) — Jaukeem stolen by Michael | Stepping up to the mic first, Adam absolutely slayed Black Pumas, singing with fire, range, intensity… His performance wasn’t just good, it was downright exciting. Tasked with following him up was Cassidy, who delivered a take on Bonnie Raitt that was as intoxicating to the ears as whiskey in a glass. Remember when Kelly Clarkson would say so-and-so gave us stankface? Cassidy gave us stankvoice, and I was living for it. Batting cleanup, holy s—t! Fourteen-year-old Jaukeem unleashed an almost otherworldly performance, it was so powerful. If his big notes had been any bigger, even Surround Sound wouldn’t have been able to contain them. And for my money, you couldn’t beat him for bringing emotion to the stage. Whether he wins this show, that kid’s a star!

 





Team Gwen: Jose Luis singing “We Can’t Be Friends (Wait for Your Love)” (Grade: C+) defeated Deon Jones singing “Nutbush City Limits” (Grade: B) and Camryn Brooks singing “Glitter in the Air” (Grade: B+) | Camryn started off the trio of performances with a Pink cover that was marked by the purity of her voice; there are freshly washed windows that aren’t that clear. Still, I doubted I’d remember her Pink cover by the time I was recapping Tuesday’s episode. Deon’s performance was most definitely not one that was going to slip my mind. The trouble for him, though, was that it was more noteworthy for his go-for-broke showmanship than for his vocals. Finally, taking on Ariana Grande’s hit, Jose gave the impression that he was a talented kid who was not yet 100-percent sure how to maintain control of his powerful voice. Here, he often sounded off as much as on, like he was going for something that he just wasn’t going to be able to reach with his voice. I don’t get what all the fuss is about him. (But then, I didn’t “get” Chloe Kohanski, either, and she won.)
Team Bublé: Cameron Wright singing “You’re All I Need to Get By” (Grade: B) defeated Sloane Simon singing “Can’t Catch Me Now” (Grade: A) — Sloane saved by Michael | Before hitting the rehearsal hall, we learned that Tanner Frick had dropped out of the competition. So Cameron was just going to face off with Sloane. Singing first, Cameron, as they tend to do, unpacked their whole bag of tricks on stage. And no two ways about it, they have a tremendous voice. But maybe a little more editing would do them some good; like, we don’t have to hear every single gimmick every single time. On her Olivia Rodrigo cover, Sloane made a solid case for why she could be “the next Taylor Swift” that the show was so determined to discover last season. She was present and charismatic and delivered a vocal that was nuanced and full of feeling.

 





What did you think of the start of the Knockouts? Anyone else aggravated that Christina and Jake got to continue on when Cassidy got cut? What am I missing with Jose? Hit the comments below after voting for your favorite.
Comments are monitored, so don’t forkin' curse and don’t bore us with how much your coworker’s sister-in-law makes per hour. Talk smart about TV! 
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * Your email address will not be published. We will notify you when someone replies.
Δ
I Want to BUY Jaukeem’s recordings Right Now and everything in the future!  He blew me away!  Total Talent!
First, a moment of silence for Tanner who had to leave the show. I will miss him.
I loved the first battle. IMO, Austyns slayed in that battle, and Christina wasn’t far behind.
The second battle was close, but I’d give it to Adam as well. Cassidy was a close second.  I just don’t get the love for Jaukeem’s voice. Does he sing well for a 13- year- old? Absolutely.  But overall, his voice still needs maturing.  However, I do agree with Snoop that he’s a good role model. Great kid, his voice just needs time.
Third battle.  Jose Luis sang beautifully to me. He needs more confidence, but he’s really good. Deon’s voice was hoarse from all that moving around and screaming. Camryn’s voice just needs time to recover still, but she definitely had talent.
Fourth Battle – Cameron oversang with too many runs, but his voice is still quality. Sloane, meh, she’s just okay.
I’ve been commenting for the last few years, and more often than not, I find myself agreeing with your opinions, JMark.  Your take on last night’s knockouts is no exception.  I thought Austyns definitely won his battle with a beautiful rendition of the Luther Vandross classic.  Christina and Jake were also very good, and both deserved to be save.  I enjoyed the next knockout almost as much.  For me, Adam definitely won it (and the night) with his impressive vocal of the Black Pumas song.  Cassidy was excellent as well.  As you say, Jaukeem was very good for a 14 year old and is a good role model but in my opinion, is too young YET to be competing.  His voice is still maturing.   The other battles didn’t impress me much, and I don’t understand all the hoopla about Sloane.  As you say, she’s just okay, nothing more.
Thank you, DVann. It’s nice to know I’m not alone in my thoughts about Jaukeem.
Adam was actually my favorite of the night. My other favorites were Sloane and Jaukeem.
Austyns and Adam were my faves of the night.
Gotta say I disagree with your rating for Austyns, he sang beautifully and I really felt his emotions.
Adam is unique, and brings something different and interesting to the competition.
Hope both make it far.
Jaukeem could definitely win The Voice.  He’s amazing and only 14 y.o.  Stay tuned for more excitement.
I hate the 3 way knockouts. It’s just cruel. Can we cancel the 3 way knockouts please???
By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.