Broadway + NYC
Broadway
Off-Broadway
Off-Off Broadway
Cabaret
Dance
Opera
Classical Music
United States
Eastern
Central
Western
Minneapolis / St. Paul
Connecticut
Atlanta
Chicago
Los Angeles
Central New York
West End
WEST END
UK Regional
International
Canada
Australia / New Zealand
Europe
Asia
Latin America
Africa / Middle East
Entertainment
TV/Movies
Music
Rise and shine, BroadwayWorld! It is August 2, 2024 and it's time to catch up on all of the theatrical happenings you may have missed in the last 24 hours.
POPULAR
Rise and shine, BroadwayWorld! It is August 2, 2024 and it's time to catch up on all of the theatrical happenings you may have missed in the last 24 hours: 
But first..
Lin-Manuel Miranda and Eisa Davis' WARRIORS Concept Album Is Coming This Fallby Nicole RoskyAs BroadwayWorld previously reported, Lin-Manuel Miranda and Eisa Davis' have been working hard on a new concept album, Warriors. The pair has just announced that it will be out everywhere October 18 on Atlantic Records, Executive Produced by Grammy Award winning rapper Nas and produced by Grammy Award-winning musician Mike Elizondo.. (more...)
Kevin Del Aguila, Francis Jue, Ryan Eggold & More Join YELLOW FACE on Broadwayby Nicole RoskyRoundabout Theatre Company just announced complete casting for the new production of Yellow Face by David Henry Hwang directed by Leigh Silverman. Check out who will join the cast here!. (more...)
Adam Driver to Star in HOLD ON TO ME DARLING at the Lucille Lortel Theatreby Chloe RabinowitzAdam Driver will star in a new production of Kenneth Lonergan’s Hold on to Me Darling this fall. Learn how to purchase tickets!. (more...)
Keanu Reeves & Alex Winter to Star in Jamie Lloyd-Helmed WAITING FOR GODOT on Broadwayby Chloe RabinowitzTwo-time Tony Award nominee and multiple Olivier Award winner Jamie Lloyd will direct a new production of Samuel Beckett’s Waiting For Godot starring Keanu Reeves and Alex Winter. Learn more about the production and see how to purchase tickets.. (more...)
WAITRESS: THE MUSICAL Film Removed From PBS Scheduleby Josh SharpeThe recording of Waitress: The Musical, starring Sara Bareilles has been removed from the 2024 PBS lineup. It was previously set to air on PBS Great Performances on Friday, November 15, at 9 p.m. ET. . (more...) 
Ashlyn Maddox, Brian Ray Norris & Andrew Poston Join BULL DURHAM, A NEW MUSICALby Chloe RabinowitzNew cast members have joined the cast of the upcoming production of Bull Durham, A New Musical at Theatre Raleigh. See who else is starring and learn how to purchase tickets.. (more...) 
Video: Aaron Tveit & Cast Perform a MOULIN ROUGE! Medleyby Josh SharpeIn celebration of 5 years on the Great White Way, Aaron Tveit, Joanna 'JoJo' Levesque, and the cast of Moulin Rouge! The Musical visited Good Morning America for a special performance of a medley of numbers in the show, which included Your Song and Shut Up and Raise Your Glass. Watch the performance!. (more...)
Video: Cynthia Erivo & Ariana Grande Get Their Own WICKED Barbie Dolls
by Lauren HiltonWicked Movie superstars Cynthia Erivo and Ariana Grande were honored with their very own Barbie Dolls from Mattel ahead of the movie premiere. See their reactions to the brand-new dolls! Watch in this video!. (more...) 
See you bright and early tomorrow, BroadwayWorld!
- Fiddler on the Roof
Madeline Ashton is the most beautiful actress (just ask her) ever to grace the stage and screen. Helen Sharp is the long-suffering author (just ask her) who lives in her shadow. They have always been the best of frenemies… until Madeline steals Helen’s fiancé away. As Helen plots revenge and Madeline clings to her rapidly fading star, their world is suddenly turned upside down by Viola Van Horn, a mysterious woman with a secret that’s to die for.  After one sip of Viola’s magical potion, Madeline and Helen begin a new era of life (and death) with their youth and beauty restored…and a grudge to last eternity. Life’s a bitch and then you die. Or not!
Actors' Equity Association is raising alarm over President Donald Trump’s latest budget proposal, which calls for the elimination of federal funding for the National Endowment for the Arts (NEA) and other cultural agencies.
A bevy of Broadway’s brightest stars - from icons Jennifer Holliday and Andrea Martin to show-stopping newcomers Tom Francis and Jasmine Amy Rogers - lit up the Al Hirschfeld Theatre on April 28, 2025, at the inaugural Broadway Dream Roles. Get a first look at highlights from the event!
Jordan Litz and his Wicked co-stars have returned with another installment of the 'Swankified Stairwell Sessions.' This time, they video features Allie Trimm and Mary Kate Morrissey for a performance of 'What Is This Feeling?'
Get a first look at the company of Goodspeed Musicals' Ragtime - the first production of the 2025 season. A powerful musical about the dreams of three American families woven together with ragtime, jazz and show tunes, Ragtime runs through June 15, 2025 at The Goodspeed in East Haddam, Conn.
Videos
Recommended For You
Sign up for announcements, and exclusive discounts on tickets to your favorite shows!
© 2025 - Copyright Wisdom Digital Media, all rights reserved. Privacy Policy