Here's a little treat for boy band fans out there!
Backstreet Boys' AJ McLean and NSYNC's Joey Fatone revealed on Tuesday, January 9, that they will be embarking on a joint tour in March for eight shows called A Legendary Night.
"This is going to be fun!!!! @aj_mclean my dude ....here we go!!!!!," Fatone said in an Instagram post announcing the rare event with the schedule of the shows. The Backstreet Boys member responded in the comment section, "LEGENDARY," with a sign of the horns emoji.
Set to begin on March 15 at the Pechanga Resort Casino in Temecula, California, the tour will continue to the Agua Caliente Casino in Rancho Mirage, California, and then head east to Wallingford, Connecticut, Boston, and Newark in New Jersey, before concluding with three Florida stops in Ft. Lauderdale, Orlando, and Jacksonville.
The public on-sale is set to begin on Friday, January 12, at 10:00 AM local time. Specifics about the ticket sales can be found here.
In a report by Billboard, a press statement from Live Nation said that the tour would include the long-lost friends doing choreography and their popular songs from the '90s and '00s with a seven-piece band while also including "intimate conversations of never-before-told stories from their time on the road."
After their September 2023 performance at a show called Joey Fatone & Friends- Welcome to Tampa 90s Party, the two singers scheduled the tour.
They have shared the stage in the past, too, in 2021 during Fatone's The AFTR PRTY residency in Las Vegas. The show also included Wanya Morris of Boyz II Men and Nick Carter, another Backstreet Boys member. In the same year, Fatone, McLean, Carter, and another NSYNC member, Lance Bass, hosted Bingo Under The Stars in Los Angeles, California, in honor of Pride.
See Also :
Ariana Grande Teases Music Comeback: Here's You Need To Know!
In a Tuesday Instagram Live chat, Fatone teased fans about the upcoming tour and assured them that the new gigs would be an exciting shift from their prior collaborations.
The set list would include songs from both men's groups, as well as others "that never really hit on albums or records" and nostalgic '90s tunes. Additionally, every night of the performance, there will be a "wheel of songs" portion where they spin and sing various songs.
Furthermore, McLean teased that his fans would be familiar with every song and that he would also be singing some of his new music.
Check out the dates for A Legendary Night's tour below, according to People:
See Also :
Golden Globe 2024: Jaw-Dropping RedHere'st Looks, Highlight Moments