Easter is almost here, and if you're looking to give a gift that isn't chocolate, how about one of the many egg-shaped – and money-saving – beauty bundles on sale? High street hero Boots is the latest one to launch – and we think it's one of the best beauty Easter eggs. 
 Available for a limited time only (you'll want to buy it before Easter Sunday on 31 March anyway), Boots' Little Luxuries Easter Beauty Box is only available on the Boots website and costs £45, but the contents inside are worth over £147 – that's a saving of more than £100. 
 * Little Luxuries Limited Edition Easter Beauty Box, £45 from Boots (worth £147.71)
This seasonal selection contains some of the hottest beauty brands right now – and some of Boots' best sellers – including Sol de Janeiro, Dr. Jart and Ariana Grande's brand r.e.m. beauty. With the products ranging from sun-protecting skincare to tropical fragrances, it's perfect for spring.
Here's exactly what you (or your lucky recipient) will find inside:
bareMinerals Maximist Volumizing Phyto-Fiber Mascara (5ml)
Liz Earle Skin Repair Rich Cream (15ml)
Frank Body Coconut Coffee Body Scrub (20g)
Caudalie Vinoperfect Brightening Dark Spot Serum (10ml)
No7 Gel Finish Nail Colour in PillarBox (10ml)
Stila Stay All Day Waterproof Liquid Eye Liner in Dark Brown (0.5ml)
ICONIC London Illuminator Original (13.5ml)
Sol de Janeiro Cheirosa 62 (30ml)
r.e.m. beauty eclipse cheek & lip stick in chorus girl (7.5g)
Ultrasun Face SPF30 (25ml)
Dr.Jart+ Cicapair Foaming Cleanser (30ml)
* Little Luxuries Limited Edition Easter Beauty Box, £45 from Boots (worth £147.71)
This box not only makes a great Easter gift but if you'd rather keep it yourself (and we wouldn't blame you), it's a brilliant way to try out some beauty products that you may have had your eye on – and save over £100 while doing so.
This is just one of several egg-shaped selections available to buy, with LookFantastic, Lush and L'Occitane all launching their own Easter treats in time for the big day. You can read our complete round-up of the best beauty Easter eggs here.