Our favorite celebrities gathered at the iconic Boom Boom Room for fashion’s biggest night
The 2024 Met Gala took place this Monday—the first in May—at New York City’s Metropolitan Museum of Art, bringing the 
crème de la crème of Hollywood and fashion together. Then, after the stars walked the mossy-green carpet, had dinner, and enjoyed a musical performance by Ariana Grande, our favorite celebrities stepped out in the city to attend the many star-studded after-parties scattered around town. Emily Ratajkowski hosted one in the Financial District, Cardi B hosted on at Silencio. And among them was FKA Twigs’s VIP bash, held at the iconic Boom Boom Room at the Standard Hotel, where she performed, danced on the bar, and even announced new music.
Famous guests at her party included Sam Smith, Christian Cowan, Coco Rocha, Jeff Bezos and fiancée Lauren Sanchez, Lil Nas X, Camila Cabello, and Ivy Getty. Designers Harris Reed, Dion Lee, and Willy Chavarria also made appearances. 
Photographer Andrew Tess captured candid Polaroid photos from the evening, which also marked the stylish venue’s 25th anniversary as a brand and 14th as a Met Gala after-party hotspot.
Ahead, see the fun images, shot exclusively for Harper’s Bazaar, from fashion’s biggest, and longest, night.
The 25 Best Met Gala Dresses of All Time
Jodie Turner-Smith’s Met Gala Dress’s Deep Meaning
Adwoa Aboah Used Rihanna As Inspo for the Met Gala
Exclusive: Get Zendaya’s 2024 Met Gala Hair Look
Why Storm Reid Wants to “Take Up Space” at the Met
Bruna Marquezine on Her “Surreal” Met Gala Debut
Kendall Jenner Is a Modern Flapper at the Met Gala
Doja Cat Wears a Wet White T-Shirt to the Met Gala
EmRata Brings Boho Festivalwear to Met Gala Party
The Best After-Party Looks From the 2024 Met Gala
BTS: Alexandra Daddario’s 2024 Met Gala Makeup
Kendall Wore Two White Dresses to Met Gala Parties
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.