Aside from the next-level romance and the captivating love stories that unfold in each season and episode of Bridgerton, one of the most exciting aspects of the Netflix original series is its music. Since the first season, the period drama has featured orchestral covers of modern hit pop songs, staying true to the Regency era but with a tongue-in-cheek nod to the present.
So far, the third season has contained a handful of memorable covers in the first part, including "Give Me Everything" by Pitbull, Ne-Yo, and Afrojack during the carriage scene and "Snow on the Beach" by Taylor Swift and Lana Del Rey during a dancing sequence at a ball. More popular songs such as "Happier Than Ever" by Billie Eilish, "ABCDEFU" by Gayle, and "Cheap Thrills" by Sia were in part 1, too.
Before the release of season 3 part 2 on June 13, Netflix went ahead and revealed the remainder of the season's covers, and the lineup includes another Taylor Swift smash hit, an Ariana Grande ballad, and a Demi Lovato power anthem. If you wish to remain unspoiled for the exact songs and their episodic placement don't continue reading. But below, we're sharing each song and its episode!
THIS JUST IN: Orchestral Covers you'll hear in Bridgerton Season 3 Part 2:Ariana Grande, POV  Coldplay, Yellow Demi Lovato, Confident Ellie Goulding, Lights Imagine Dragons, Thunder  Taylor Swift, You Belong With Me
The only cover featured in the fifth episode of season 3 comes courtesy of Ariana Grande. The Grammy winner's 2020 love song "POV" gets the orchestral treatment for the first episode of part 2, which contextually makes sense given how part 1 ended. (No spoilers!) In the song, Grande sings about feeling insecure about herself and tells her partner, "I wanna love me the way that you love me / For all of my pretty and all of my ugly, too / I'd love to see me from my point of view." It's very fitting for Colin and Penelope's love story. Check out Grande's live performance of the song below!
The seventh episode of the season features season 3's second Taylor Swift cover after part 1's take on "Snow on the Beach." This time around, Bridgerton goes for a throwback in the form of the 2008 global hit "You Belong with Me." Honestly, there's no bad choice when it comes to a Taylor Swift cover for this show, but "Anti-Hero" seems so tailor made for Penelope and her double life as Lady Whistledown. It's a missed opportunity to not have used that particular Swift hit.
For now, the soundtrack can be streamed and purchased wherever you get your music, but for the physical musical collectors, the full Bridgerton season 3 soundtrack will be released on vinyl on Sept. 27, 2024. A number of colored variants have been announced, including the standard wedding ring gold, the Walmart exclusive light blue diamond, and the Barnes & Noble exclusive Colin's blue eyes.
Stay tuned for more Bridgerton news and updates from Netflix Life!
© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.