From Snoop Dogg's surprisingly stylish clothing line to Sabrina Carpenter's favorite fragrance, here's what we're picking up from Walmart this season.

													By
												

	Tim Chan


	All products and services featured are independently chosen by editors. However, Billboard may receive a commission on orders placed through its retail links, and the retailer may receive certain auditable data for accounting purposes.

	The holidays are here and Walmart has unveiled some of its top trending picks for the season.

	In addition to a host of everyday gifts for the whole family, Walmart’s latest “gift finder” has turned up some bestselling celebrity products and musician-approved offerings. 

	From Snoop Dogg’s surprisingly stylish clothing line to Sabrina Carpenter’s favorite fragrance and a leopard print pick from Sofia Vergara, here’s a look at some of the best celebrity brands and gifts to pick up at Walmart right now.






	
	
		
					Explore		
	





		Explore	

















	
		
					Sabrina Carpenter		
					


See latest videos, charts and news



See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

		She may have sung about “Espresso,” but Sabrina Carpenter’s new fragrance features notes of caramel, dark chocolate, tangy citrus and almond. It’s sweet and a little spicy — just like the singer herself.This Walmart deal gets you a three-piece set that includes the eau de parfum in a candy bar-shaped bottle, a mini travel size perfume and a lip gloss. 	

		Of course, Carpenter isn’t the only starlet with her own perfume line — Ariana Grande has been super successful with her line of fragrances, including this “Moonlight” scent, which features notes of blackcurrant, plum, peonies, sandalwood, vanilla and “fluffy marshmallow.”This two-piece gift set gets you a body mist and “body soufflee” cream for just $15.	

		Grande is currently starring in Wicked of course, and among all the Wicked merch online is this official Squishmallows collab, which features a plush version of Grande’s character, Glinda.This plush toy measures 10 inches in height and weighs just under a pound. This is currently one of Walmart’s bestselling holiday gifts, with more than 500 people having bought this in the last 24 hours alone, per the Walmart site.	

		Speaking of Wicked, Walmart has this nail polish set with shades inspired by the movie. Choose a magenta shade inspired by Glinda and a green shade inspired by Elphaba. The shimmery colors are perfect for a Wicked viewing party or for dressing up for the holidays. OPI says the nail lacquers dry fast and are streak-free. This set comes in a collectible box with images from the movie too.	

		Dolly Parton released a cookbook this fall and recently released a meal kit collab with Home Chef. Now, aspiring cooks and Dolly fans alike can take to the kitchen with this Parton-approved cast iron pan.The 10.25-inch skillet comes pre-seasoned with vegetable oil and is an officially-licensed release from the singer. Made in Tennessee, the pan is great for home ovens and stoves, or for cooking over the campfire.	

		Speaking of cooking, Martha Stewart is joining Snoop Dogg in releasing her own version of the popular “Elf on the Shelf” doll. “Martha on the Mantel” is a 10.5-inch posable doll that you can put on your shelf, table and yes, fireplace mantel too.This boxed set gets you the plush Martha doll plus a set of accessories for you to dress up the TV host and her surroundings.	

		From one icon to another, Hello Kitty celebrated her 50th anniversary this year, and Walmart has this Hello Kitty mini fridge available for gifting this holiday season.The pink mini fridge has enough room to store up to six cans of soda (on their side) or a couple bottles of water (standing up). You can also use it as a beauty fridge to store all your skincare essentials and prevent them from going bad in the heat or sun. This is an officially licensed Sanrio product and shoppers are loving it, with reviewers giving this Hello Kitty fridge almost full, five-star reviews.	

		Drew Barrymore’s home and kitchen brand, “Beautiful,” has gone viral for its aesthetic appliances and decor items for every budget and living style. One of the bestselling products is this nine-quart air fryer, which features two different cooking zones to let you prep two things at once. Inviting friends over for a big holiday meal? The Beautiful Air Fryer can fit up to a 10-pound turkey when the interior basket is removed, with a temperature range up to 450°F. Choose from seven different colors, including this soft lavender shade seen here.	

		Robert Downey Jr.’s coffee brand, “happy,” has an exclusive gift set available at Walmart that gets you $40 worth of coffee for under $20. Sample the brand’s instant coffee, a cold brew coffee, ready to drink latte, coffee mug and a coffee scoop. Five of the boxes will contain a limited-edition golden scooper that “winners” can be exchanged for an autographed Fellows mug from Downey Jr. himself.	

		Guys will want to stay fresh with this new body wash from Jake Paul’s “W” skincare brand. The exfoliating and hydrating body wash is infused with jojoba oils for moisture, and an invigorating scent of lemon trees, green apple and fresh mint.Walmart says all of the products in the “W” line are personally tested and approved by Paul, and given that the YouTube star recently got sweaty in the ring with Mike Tyson, we’ll take his word that this body wash holds up to daily use. A bonus: the 532 ml yellow bottle makes a great stocking stuffer too.	

		Sofia Vergara’s Walmart clothing line has been a huge hit thanks to its wide range of bold colors and inclusive sizing. Now, fans of the actress can get the same maximalist look with this leopard print throw blanket, which looks great on the bed or couch.The polyester-blend blanket measures 50 x 60 inches and is fully machine washable. It’s great for staying cozy by the fireplace or on the couch while watching your favorite Christmas movies. At just $18, it’s a great celeb-approved gift idea too.	

		Walmart is home to Jessica Simpson’s bestselling clothing and accessories collection, which the site says combines “Cali boho” with “Texas charm.” Nowhere is that better represented than with this trendy satchel handbag, which features a slouchy silhouette seen on the arms of all the celebs in Hollywood, but with an under-$20 price.Made from a eco-friendly vegan leather, this “Courtney” handbag features zipper and buckle detailing, tons of space for your stuff, and an adjustable strap that lets you carry this as a tote, as a shoulder bag or as a crossbody. Choose from three colors.	

		Snoop Dogg’s official clothing line at Walmart includes this super stylish varsity jacket, which features a paisley print with collegiate-style striping and button up closure. The lightweight jacket can be worn open with a T-shirt in the summer or closed as a layering piece in chiller temps. An embroidered Snoop Dogg logo on the arm offers a little branding without being too over the top. This is a great celeb-approved holiday gift idea for men. Choose from sizes XS to 3XL.	

Yellowstone is one of the hottest TV shows of the year, and Walmart has this official Yellowstone Dutton Ranch trucker hat on sale for just $12. The cap features the show logo on the front with a pre-curved bill. The mesh back allows for breathability (no sweaty noggins here!) while an adjustable tab lets this fit most head sizes.	

Barbie merch was huge last holiday season and the juggernaut shows no signs of slowing down this year, with the release of the HMD Barbie Flip Phone, a retro-style device that works as a real cell phone.The Barbie Phone comes in an iconic pink colorway and features two removable covers, stickers and a pendant with rhinestones and charms. The phone doesn’t have social media but does come with “digital wellbeing tips,” a beach-themed Malibu Snake, and a “Hi Barbie” voice to welcome you as you turn on the device. Everything is presented inside a keepsake jewelry box.	
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.