By Glenn Garner 
Associate Editor

	As Wicked makes the long-awaited leap from the stage to the screen, Ariana Grande is contemplating a return to her roots.

	The 2x Grammy winner recently opened up about the “healing” experience of portraying Galinda Upland in director Jon M. Chu‘s adaptation of the Tony-winning Broadway musical, which made her consider “reconnecting” with her love of theater.

	“I’m gonna say something so scary. It’s gonna scare the absolute s— out of my fans and everyone, but I love them and they’ll deal, and we’ll always be here,” she said on Bowen Yang and Matt Rogers’ Las Culturistas podcast.

	










			Watch on Deadline		






	“I’m always gonna make music. I’m always gonna go onstage, I’m always gonna do pop stuff, I pinky promise,” noted Grande. “But I don’t think doing it at the rate I’ve been doing it for the past 10 years is where I see the next 10 years.”

	In 2008, Grande made her Broadway debut at age 15 in the musical 13. She then went on to star in the Nickelodeon series Victorious and its spin-off Sam & Cat, before releasing her debut studio album Yours Truly in 2013.

	“I think I love acting. I love musical theater,” explained Grande. “I think reconnecting with this part of myself who started in musical theater and who loves comedy, and it heals me to do that, finding roles to use these parts of myself, and put them in little homes and characters.”

Wicked follows Elphaba (Cynthia Erivo) and Glinda (Grande) as they first meet at Shiz University and share a life-changing encounter with the Wizard of Oz (Jeff Goldblum).

	Chu was tapped to direct the Universal adaptation back in 2021. The first Wicked installment premieres Nov. 22, 2024, with the second following on Nov. 21, 2025.
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.