Getty Images (4)
Before they were major Hollywood stars, some celebrities got their start on Broadway.
Ariana Grande, for one, played the role of Charlotte in the musical 13 in 2008 before her Nickelodeon days.
“I grew up singing theater so of course that’s where my heart is,” the “Thank U, Next” musician said on an October 2021 episode of the “Backstage Pass With Eric Vetro” podcast. “I wish I got to do more of it. I wish I could go be on Broadway. I wish I could go sing more musical songs. That’s the easiest, most fun, most soaring, freeing, beautiful feeling ever, is singing showtunes. That, to me, is my heaven.”
The actress continued to gush over “theater music,” noting that it gives her “so much joy.”
“Theater babies, it’s just a different kind of nostalgia” Ariana continued. “Listening to musical theater is a different kind of fulfilling car ride. If you throw on some Avenue Q or Wicked in the car, you’re just guaranteed to feel comforted.”
While she’s not going back to her Broadway roots any time soon, Ariana nabbed role of Glinda in the upcoming film version of Wicked. In November 2021, it was announced that the Victorious alum would take on the coveted role when the musical movie hits theaters. The musical tells “untold true story of the witches of Oz,” and the role of Glinda was originated by Kristin Chenoweth.
“She’s my little nugget. I love her so much,” the Four Christmases star told Us Weekly in June 2020, saying she first met Ariana after she saw Wicked on Broadway with her family. “Her Nana and mom brought her backstage and she goes, ‘I want to be you when I grow up.’ And I was like, you’re so little … she came up to my waist. … And then we stayed in touch.”
Ariana isn’t the only star with a Broadway past that led to major roles. Before Sadie Sink was Max in Stranger Things or even friends with Taylor Swift (thanks to her role in the “All Too Well” short film), the actress played the roles of Annie and Duffy in Annie on Broadway and Young Queen Elizabeth II in The Audience.
“Being on that stage every night, I fell in love,” Sadie told Teen Vogue in July 2019 of her Broadway days. “I knew that this was the direction I wanted to go with my career.”
Scroll through our gallery to see which other stars got their start on the stage. 
Love J-14? Be sure to subscribe to our YouTube channel for fun, exclusive videos with your favorite stars.
1 of 10
(Photo by Sarah Morris/WireImage)
Ariana got her start as Charlotte in 13.
2 of 10
Michael Loccisano/Getty Images
Liz got her start on the same Broadway production of 13 that Ariana Grande starred in! She played Lucy.
3 of 10
Jeff Kravitz/FilmMagic
The Stranger Things star was in multiple Broadway shows before making her TV show debut.
4 of 10
Photo by Dimitrios Kambouris/Getty Images for Tribeca Festival
Before his singing career kicked off, he appeared in Les Misérables, Beauty and the Beast and Annie Get Your Gun on Broadway.
5 of 10
Getty Images
While he didn’t get his start on Broadway in New York City, the actor did star in the London’s West End production of Billy Elliot as the title role.
6 of 10
Getty Images
The actor nabbed roles in Priscilla, Queen of the Desert and Les Misérables on Broadway. He’s since appeared in both Dear Evan Hansen and Sweeney Todd.
7 of 10
Photo by Jeff Kravitz/FilmMagic
She starred in Grey Gardens on Broadway in 2006.
8 of 10
Corey Nickols/Getty Images for IMDb
In 1998, she appeared in High Society on Broadway.
9 of 10
Amanda Edwards/Getty Images
The singer appeared in tons of stage shows, most notably The Book of Mormon and Dear Evan Hansen.
10 of 10
Photo by Matt Winkelmeyer/Getty Images
Over the years, the singer appeared in Les Misérables, Ragtime, Fiddler on the Roof and Spring Awakening.
Hollywood's Finest Ariana Grande's Transformation Over the Years in Photos
Family Forever Every 'Descendants' Cast Reunion Since the Final Film: Photos
Meet the Star Who Is Sadie Sink? Everything to Know About 'Stranger Things' Star
Breaking It Down See Which Young Hollywood Stars Are in the MCU: Photos
Total Throwback How They Used to Be! Look Back at Miley Cyrus and Nick Jonas' Disney Channel Romance
J-14 has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.
J-14 is part of the a360media Entertainment Group.Copyright © a360media 2025. All Rights Reserved