Ahead of the worldwide theatrical release of Wicked, fans have been warned not to sing along to its award-winning soundtrack.
The movie which features Cynthia Erivo and Ariana Grande will be released in UK cinemas on Friday, November, 22.
Despite the highly anticipated storyline and fresh take on its iconic songs such as Popular, Defying Gravity and Dancing Through Life.
However, viewers were issued with a major warning moments before watching the film.
According to viewers in the US, AMC Theaters told the audience “Silence is golden”, and fans should stay quiet so everyone can "enjoy the magic of movies".
  read more:    Amanda Holden suffers wardrobe malfunction after squeezing into latex outfit  
The message also urged people not to talk or text, adding: “No singing, no wailing, no flirting, and absolutely no name calling.”
Ryan Noonan, an AMC spokesman, told IndyStar: “The Wicked pre-show spot incorporates the themes of the film as a fun, engaging reminder to moviegoers to not disrupt the experience for those around them as they enjoy the show.”
Despite this, some fans have taken to social media to slam the warning and admit they would find it hard to resist the film’s interpretation of the hit Broadway and West End musical.
@ShobazKhan insisted: “People should be allowed to sing,” as @b1nse confessed: “I’m worried that if I watch Wicked, I can’t shut up and just start singing in the theatre.”
  Don't miss...     OPI Teams Up With Wicked For New 12 Day Advent Calendar  [LATEST]     Wicked fans demand movie set 'becomes an attraction' at Universal Studios  [REACTION]     Wicked trailer – Cynthia Erivo and Ariana Grande star in spellbinding musical  [WATCH] 
We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy
However, others agreed with AMC including @BrettMan865 who posted: “You are not at a concert, you are at a movie theatre. Different rules and expectations apply.”
While @davidkeithlaw suggested: “The answer is to schedule ‘singalong screenings’ and to eject noisemakers from all the ‘quiet screenings’.”
Part one of Wicked will be released on Friday, followed by part two in November 2025.
In addition to Cynthia and Ariana, Wicked will also star Jonathan Bailey, Jeff Goldblum, Peter Dinklage, and  Michelle Yeoh.
SEARCH
CONNECT WITH US
TODAY'S PAPER
 See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive.
EXPRESS.CO.UK
Daily Express uses notifications to keep you updated