By ARTHUR PARASHAR  
 Published:  12:14, 9 February 2024   |  Updated:  14:48, 9 February 2024   
 1.3k
View  comments
Fourteen-year-old schoolgirl Eve Hibbert was covered with T-shirts and presumed dead after a shrapnel-packed bomb ripped through the Manchester Arena while she was at an Ariana Grande concert with her father.
Although she miraculously survived the devastating blast on May 22, 2017, Eve, now 21, and her father Martin Hibbert, 46, were left with life-changing injuries.
When suicide bomber Salman Abedi, 22, detonated his homemade device inside the arena, he killed 22 people and left hundreds more injured as the blast dispersed thousands of nuts and bolts.
Mr Hibbert, a football agent from Chorley, Lancashire, was just five metres from the explosion and was paralysed from the waist down after being struck by 22 pieces of shrapnel. 
He told an inquiry he saw his daughter's head being covered up twice, with people presuming she was dead. Eve, who now requires a wheelchair, was in hospital for ten months after suffering brain damage and losing the use of her arm and leg.
But as she tried to recover from the horrors of May 22, the tragedy deepened when a twisted conspiracy theorist set out to prove she was lying about her injuries.
Richard D Hall, the son of a chicken farmer, does not believe the Manchester bombing took place and claims it is all a deep-state plot and that many who claimed to have been injured were simply 'crisis actors' playing a scripted role. 
On his website, he sells a 'compilation USB stick' of his 24 documentaries in which he disputes the Manchester attack - as well as the disappearance of Maddie McCann, 9/11 and the murder of MP Jo Cox. 
In one video shared online, Hall horrifically visited Eve's home and set up a camera disguised in fake plant foliage which he planned to use to see whether she could walk. 
Richard D Hall (pictured) is a conspiracy theorist who claims that the Manchester terror attack did not happen. He is seen here setting up a camera to see if survivor Eve Hibbert was faking her injuries 
Eve Hibbert (left) and her father Martin (right) were injured in the attack - and are now suing Richard Hall
The victims were (top row, from left) Elaine McIver, 43, Saffie-Rose Roussos, 8, Sorrell Leczkowski, 14, Eilidh MacLeod, 14, (second row, from left) Nell Jones, 14, Olivia Campbell-Hardy, 15, Megan Hurley, 15, Georgina Callander, 18, (third row, from left), Chloe Rutherford, 17, Liam Curry, 19, Courtney Boyle, 19, and Philip Tron, 32, (fourth row, from left) John Atkinson, 26, Martyn Hett, 29, Kelly Brewster, 32, Angelika Klis, 39, (fifth row, from left) Marcin Klis, 42, Michelle Kiss, 45, Alison Howe, 45, and Lisa Lees, 43 (fifth row, from left) Wendy Fawell, 50 and Jane Tweddle, 51 
Hall, whose videos have generated more than 16 million views online, later claimed he left 'a camera rolling' in his van which was 'parked in a public place'. 
He acknowledged in his video that Eve left the house in a wheelchair but added there was 'no evidence' her injury was from the bombing.
CCTV shows the father and daughter had tickets and were at the concert but Hall claims they were 'likely harmed before the attack and recruited but did not attend'. 
Hall now faces being 'shut down' after a judge branded his allegations 'absurd and fantastical' yesterday.
Along with her father Martin, Eve is bringing legal action against Hall seeking damages for harassment, misuse of private information and data protection.
It is the first time such action has been launched in the UK against a conspiracy theorist in a bid to prevent them spreading harmful mistruths.
Yesterday, a judge ruled in the father and daughter's favour and threw out Hall's attempt to use in his defence allegations that survivors were lying about their injuries, branding them 'simply preposterous'.
The judge concluded: 'I find that the defendant has not discharged the evidential burden which rests on him. He has no real prospect, indeed no prospect at all, of success on the issues and I will resolve them in the claimants' favour.'  
The summary judgment - a legal step to decide parts of the case without a trial - means he faces hefty legal bills – and cannot use the claims if the remainder of the case goes to trial.
CCTV image of Salman Abedi at Victoria Station making his way to the Manchester Arena
Richard Hall outside the High Court last month, where Martin and Eve Hibbert, survivors of the bombings, have taken landmark legal action against him for defamation and harassment 
Martin Hibbert was paralysed during the Manchester bombings
Hall (pictured) claims that the Manchester Arena bombing in 2017 was staged
On his website, Hall begs his 'supporters' to help him raise money for his legal battle.
He even says: 'If you are donating a large sum, then bank transfer is preferable because it avoids a commission fee.'
The conspiracy theorist also separately asks for donations and makes it clear that they are a 'gift' for him.
It says: 'If you wish to donate a gift to Richard D. Hall please use buttons below. NOTE: The payment will be made purely as a gift and is not payment for any goods or services. 
'It is not a payment to supplement trading or other business or to enable the recipient to carry on business or otherwise to preserve and maintain trading stability and solvency. It is a personal gift.'
Hall has been accused of profiting from the Manchester terror attacks by selling books and film about it being fake.
Hall gives talks about his work across the country and online and sells his work through his website. 
He used to sell it at a market stall in Merthyr Tydfil in south Wales but the local council shut this down.
His YouTube account, which had amassed 80,000 subscribers was also removed days after a BBC panorama investigation found he had visited the homes of victims.
Pictured are police at the scene in the aftermath of the atrocity 
Mr Hibbert told the BBC: 'I'm all for freedom of speech but it crosses the line when you're saying I'm an actor or I've not got a spinal cord injury or Eve's not disabled, she's not in a wheelchair.
'He is profiting from other people's suffering and I won't have it. He can say what he wants about me, but when it comes to my daughter and those people who have lost loved ones it's too far. We have enough to deal with just getting through day-to-day life without him.' 
The Hibberts were not the only Manchester victims that Hall visited as he embarked on a sick journey to try and catch them out.
He also tracked down Lisa Bridgett who broke her right ankle, severed the middle finger on her left hand and inflicted lacerations to her legs and face while she was waiting to pick up her daughter from the concert.
Posing as a customer and wearing a body camera, Hall visited the boating centre where she works in an attempt to film her.
'My opinion is that to my knowledge, there has been no satisfactory evidence presented to the public which proves that the Manchester Arena incident was not staged,' he maintained in a statement published on his website in response to the BBC broadcast.
Raised in a village in County Durham, Hall was one of three children born to a poultry farmer and his wife.
Suicide bomber Salman Abedi was responsible for the attack at the Ariana Grande concert
'The Hall family is very well thought of here,' a former neighbour of his now deceased parents previously told the Mail. 
'Ellis and Maureen ran their farm for many years and were good, honest, hard-working people. Nothing in his upbringing could have led Richard to the place where he is now.'
Hall then showed promise in his early years, graduating with a degree in electronic engineering from Newcastle University in 1990. 
He worked as a design engineer, reportedly including stints with Rolls-Royce. More recently he has worked as a website designer.
But at the same time, he developed a fascination with UFOs, setting up a website dedicated to sightings and alien abductions.
In so doing, he appears to have become convinced that governments and the media have covered up the truth about extra-terrestrial encounters. In 2009 he quizzed David Cameron on the subject as the then-Tory Party leader toured the country.
Hall is seen being confronted by the BBC's Marianna Spring
'Do you agree with me, David, that the British people have the right to know if we have been visited?' he asked.
Cameron responded with a joke: 'I'm convinced we have been visited by alien life forms, and one of them is the trade secretary Peter Mandelson.'
In 2020, he released a film and book about the Manchester bombing suggesting that Abedi, an Islamic State fanatic, was not behind the attack.
Hall claims that the incident may have been a 'carefully stage-managed exercise involving scores of enlisted participants'. The murdered victims either died previously or are still alive and living abroad.
As the BBC highlighted, as part of his investigation Hall set about tracking down victims of the bomb. He also named Mrs Bridgett's children and shared photos of her workplace in his book.
Following yesterday's hearing at the High Court, Mr Hibbert welcomed the judge's 'sensible' finding, slamming Hall's views as 'repugnant and offensive to those who suffered so badly that evening'. 
And his solicitor Neil Hudgell said the judgement would help ensure 'conspiracy theorists such as Hall are shut down from spreading their poison'.
It comes after research King's College London found worrying numbers of people believe the attack was fake.
Of 4,000 surveyed, one in five didn't believe the victims' accounts and one in seven had doubts that major terror attacks occurred.
At a hearing in London last month, Mr Hibbert and his daughter made a bid for summary judgement. This included rulings on whether 22 people did die during the attack, and whether the Hibberts' injuries were caused by the bombing.
Hall, representing himself, argued that there is no 'first-hand tangible evidence' to prove the father and daughter were at the arena or were hurt as a result of the blast.
A survey of 4,000 people for the BBC by King's College London found one in five didn't believe terror attack victims' accounts, while one in seven had doubts that major terror attacks occurred. Some 14 per cent believed the Manchester Arena attack probably involved 'crisis actors' who pretended to be injured. Pictured: The scene after the attack
He showed the court a series of images, which he claimed reveals survivors are lying about their injuries, and referred to people pictured lying on the ground as having 'agreed to take part in an exercise'.
However Judge Richard Davison today ruled in favour of the pair and said that without this early decision, Hall would 'use the trial as a vehicle to advance and test his staged attack hypothesis'.
The judge said it was 'absurd and fantastical' for Hall to state that the bombing was staged and no-one injured or killed, no matter whether his opinions were 'genuinely held'.
Claims that Mr Hibbert and his daughter were either not seriously injured or sustained the injuries on another occasion were 'simply preposterous', he added.
Mr Hibbert – who has raised more than £900,000 for the Spinal Injuries Association since the blast - said: 'I am pleased by the court's sensible ruling today.
'I believe everyone is entitled to an opinion, however, there comes a point where the line is crossed and action has to be taken.
'Hall's views on what happened at the arena are repugnant and offensive to those who suffered so badly that evening.
'When he started to approach my daughter and her home as part of these fanciful investigations he went way too far.'
Mr Hudgell, of Hudgell Solicitors, added: 'As lawyers, we believe in freedom of expression.
'That has to be tempered in circumstances where those views are so outlandish as to be an affront to ordinary decency.
'We have such an example here. Martin and his daughter suffered horrendous life-changing injuries at the Manchester Arena. There can be no question of the authenticity of either of them.
'We are privileged to stand alongside Martin who has made a stance on behalf of all the victims to ensure conspiracy theorists such as Hall are shut down from spreading their poison.'
Hall has yet to comment on the latest ruling, although he previously branded the bid for summary judgement an attempt to 'prevent me from presenting any evidence which challenges the official narrative at a trial'.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group