By MADISON BURGESS 
 Published:  13:32, 27 April 2024   |  Updated:  13:33, 27 April 2024   
 72
View  comments
A woman has divided opinion online after sharing a video of herself using 'dimple makers,' as part of a bizarre beauty trend.
The video by Dutch TikToker Preety, which was posted under the handle @xpreetyy, has already been seen by more than one million people and racked up over 600 comments.
In the clip, she's seen taking the cherry-shaped contraptions out of her mouth, with the text: 'Taking out my dimple makers together' on the screen.
Pulling a face as if she was in pain, she added: 'I was being dramatic, it doesn’t hurt' in the caption.
However, the unusual device has sparked debate in the comments, with viewers questioning if it's 'really a thing' and saying it makes them 'sad'. 
The video by Dutch TikToker Preety, which was posted under the handle @xpreetyy, has already been seen by more than one million people and racked up over 600 comments
The devices, which previously went viral last year, are cherry-shaped, tweezer-like devices with two small balls on the end of wires. 
They're placed on both sides of the face where one ball will squeeze from the inside of the cheek and one will squeeze from the outside. 
The goal is to pinch between the inner and outer cheeks to create a dent, in the hopes of achieving the cute, indented look of dimples that some are lucky enough to be born with.
But not everyone online feels that a device like this is needed in the beauty industry.
One user penned: 'Can't imagine being this insecure about my looks,' with a second insisting: 'You can't make dimples'.
Other unimpressed people added: 'That's kinda sad,' 'How stupid' and 'Nothing's real anymore'.
'They look too close, I thought they were further on the cheeks,' commented another.
Meanwhile, someone else wrote: 'As someone who has a dimple, I'm in stitches laughing'.
I was being dramatic, it doesn’t hurt 🤓 LINK IN BIOOOOO #voorjou #fypシ #fyp #fy #trending #trend #dimples #dimplemaker #dimplemakers #dimple #viral #viraal #musthaves
Others quipped: 'I remember being so insecure about my dimples when I was younger, I even tried to make a dimple remover' and 'I don't get it, you are so beautiful'.
Someone else chimed in with: 'Guess nothing is real anymore these days,' with others adding: 'Just why' and  'I wish women would just leave their faces alone it’s so sad to see'.
People who have dimples naturally also didn't understand the hype, with one penning: 'Take my dimples I don't want them'.
While this video has caused the trend to resurface, it was previously all over social media in 2023. 
But the effects of the devices are temporary and could cause lasting damage to the face.
Dr Ari Hoschander, a board-certified plastic surgeon based in New York, told DailyMail.com last year that using dimple makers comes with a 'risk of skin necrosis and subsequent scarring.'
Skin necrosis, or death of tissue, can occur from trauma, such as having your cheeks pinched for a prolonged period.
But not everyone online feels that a device like this is needed in the beauty industry
Boston-based Dr Samuel Lin, an associate professor of surgery at Harvard Medical School, also told DailyMail.com: 'Any device that is compressing the skin in a way has a potential to cause scarring, chronic pain and may not last.
'Ultimately, there is no long-term data regarding how well this works. Any non-FDA approved medical device may have risks that have not been completely studied.'
Additionally, experts are claiming there has been a huge surge in requests for 'dimpleplasty' procedures in America, which see patients forking out up to $1,500 in return for having dimples surgically added to their face in a bid to look more youthful.
Guilford, Connecticut-based plastic surgeon told FEMAIL that over the last six months to a year he had noticed 'more inquiries asking to add this to their facial rejuvenation procedures, and increased demand for this procedure alone.'
He credits 'celebrities and images in the media' with the rise of dimpleplasty, and said many people come in with photos of stars, most frequently Brad Pitt, Harry Styles, Jennifer Garner, Mario Lopez, and Ariana Grande.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group