Saoirse Ronan has presented her fellow Irish actor Paul Mescal with an award at the Academy Museum of Motion Pictures gala event.
Normal People star Mescal, who was nominated for a best Oscar actor gong for his role in drama Aftersun – and is starring in the hotly anticipated Gladiator II movie, attended the fourth year of the event on Saturday.
Ronan, 30, paid tribute to Mescal, 28, as he accepted the vantage award, which is given to “an emerging artist or scholar who is helping to contextualise and challenge dominant narratives around cinema”.
Actor John Travolta praised his Pulp Fiction director Quentin Tarantino, 61, as the filmmaker picked up his Luminary Award, which is given to an “artist whose singular contributions have expanded the creative possibilities of cinema”.
Tarantino donated his first handwritten draft of the script for 1994’s Pulp Fiction to the museum as he made his speech to the audience.
He arrived on the red carpet with actress Uma Thurman, who he directed in Kill Bill: Volume 1 and Kill Bill: Volume 2.
Oscar-winning director Steven Spielberg also introduced actress Rita Moreno, who won a best supporting actress Academy Award for West Side Story, while she picked up the Icon Award, given to those who have had a “cultural impact”.
The gala was co-chaired by Academy Museum Trustee Eric Esrailian, as well as actors Salma Hayek, Nicole Kidman, Eva Longoria and Tyler Perry.
The evening was closed by Ariana Grande introducing her Wicked co-star Cynthia Erivo.
Erivo performed I’m Here from The Colour Purple, Diana Ross’s Home from The Wiz, Somewhere Over The Rainbow from The Wizard Of Oz and Prince’s Purple Rain.
More than 11 million US dollars (£8.42 million) was raised to support the museum’s work at the event.

                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.