Share
Vocal coach Eric Vetro has worked with celebrities including Ariana Grande, Angelina Jolie and Timothee Chalamet. Now, he's offering insight into how he helped transform the stars for their latest roles. He joined LiveNOW from FOX to break down his journey.
Wondering what to read to finish out the end of the year, or perhaps if you’ve kept up with the best new books of 2024? 
Here’s a roundup of books that made the rounds this year, whether it was through awards or the big screen: 
Image: Penguin Random House publishing 
Summary: A reimagining of Adventures of Huckleberry Finn told from the enslaved Jim's point of view.
How it made the rounds: "James" has spent eight weeks on the New York Times Best Sellers list, and was one of NYT’s top books of 2024. It also won the 2024 National Book Award and was Barnes & Noble’s 2024 Book of the Year winner. It was nominated on Goodreads in the favorite historical fiction and favorite audiobook categories, and NPR has it listed as a staff pick and in its "seriously great writing" book concierge category.  
Image: Penguin Random House publishing 
Summary: A newly sober, orphaned son of Iranian immigrants embarks on a search about a secret in his family’s past.
How it made the rounds: "Martyr!" was a finalist for the National Book Award and made it on several "best of 2024" lists, including NYT’s and B&N’s. Goodreads nominated it for favorite fiction and favorite debut novel, and it’s an NPR staff pick and in its "seriously great writing" book concierge category.  
Image: Penguin Random House publishing 
Summary: A twist on the classic romantic comedy form that explores grief and the nuances of choosing to end a relationship. 
How it made the rounds: "Good Material" got some book club play this year; it was a Today Show ReadWithJenna pick. It’s also on NYT’s and B&N’s "best of 2024" lists, and it was nominated on Goodreads for favorite fiction.
Image: Penguin Random House publishing 
Summary: A contemporary literary fiction about a woman’s quest for a new kind of freedom while embarking on a cross-country trip from LA to New York.
How it made the rounds: "All Fours" was also a National Book Awards finalist, and listed among NYT’s and B&N’s "best of 2024" lists. It was nominated on Goodreads for favorite fiction, is in NPR’s "seriously great writing" book concierge category, and, as NYT put it, was "the talk of every group text — at least every group text composed of women over 40."
Image: Penguin Random House publishing 
Summary: A mystery/thriller about the search for the 13-year-old daughter in a prestigious family who went missing at summer camp.
How it made the rounds: "The God of the Woods" was voted favorite mystery and thriller on Goodreads, made B&N’s "best of 2024" list and is an NPR staff pick and among its "seriously great writing."
Image: Penguin Random House publishing 
Summary: As for a nonfiction pick, this one is an account of birding, nature and the beauty around us that hides in plain sight.
How it made the rounds: This was voted favorite nonfiction of the year on Goodreads and was B&N’s pick for the best nonfiction book of 2024. It’s also an NPR staff pick.
Summary: This series follows Lily Bloom as she grapples with the realization that her too-good-to-be-true relationship with Ryle Kinkaid may be just that. One of author Colleen Hoover’s many mega hits, it’s been a best seller for 110 weeks since its publication in 2016. 
Where to watch: The movie starring Blake Lively and Justin Baldoni finally hit theaters Aug. 9, 2024, but has been met with conflict. Most recently, Lively has filed a legal complaint about Baldoni alleging sexual misconduct and a high-profile retribution campaign. Meanwhile, the film began streaming on Netflix on Dec. 9. 
READ MORE: Blake Lively, Justin Baldoni latest: Text messages show plan to 'bury' Lively
Summary: "A Gentleman in Moscow" was a best-selling hit when it was published in 2016. It’s about a man who is ordered to spend the rest of his life inside a luxury hotel. 
Where to watch: The eight-part television series starring Ewan McGregor is streaming with a Paramount+ with Showtime subscription.  
'Dune: Part Two' is in movie theaters across the United States. The first part came out in 2021. Film critic Felix Albuerne joins LiveNOW from FOX to discuss the movie.
Summary: "Dune: Part Two" is based on the second half of Frank Herbert’s 1965 novel of the same name.  It follows Paul Atreides as he unites with the Fremen people of the desert planet Arrakis to wage war against House Harkonnen.
Where to watch: The second installment was finally released in theaters in March after a writers’ strike delay. It’s available to stream on Max. 
Summary: The theatrical version of the musical adaptation of the 1995 novel by Gregory Maguire took social media by storm this fall. The story is a spin-off of The Wonderful Wizard of Oz and tells the backstory of Elphaba, the Wicked Witch of the West. The movie’s success brought a resurgence of the source material, and "Wicked: The Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the West (Wicked Years)" has been on the NYT Best Seller’s list for the last five weeks. 
Where to watch: "Wicked" has been playing in theaters since Nov. 22, 2024. It isn’t available on streaming platforms just yet, but is expected sometime in early 2025. "Wicked: For Good" (the second act) will hit theaters Nov. 21, 2025. 
The Source: Information in this article was taken from several commercial book sources, including the New York Times Best Seller’s List, Barnes and Noble’s blog, Goodreads and NPR’s book concierge. This story was reported from Detroit.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX Television Stations