By Glenn Garner 
Associate Editor

	As the world continues to fly high on Glicked, Paul Mescal is reaching across the aisle and giving a round of applause.

	The Oscar nominee praised Cynthia Erivo and Ariana Grande‘s performances in Wicked after the Jon M. Chu-helmed movie musical adaptation premiered the same day as his Ridley Scott sequel Gladiator II, and following last year’s Barbenheimer box office event.

	“I met Cynthia and Ariana at the Academy Gala very briefly, and I’ve seen the film,” he told Attitude. “I think they’re both extraordinary. And I’m a musical theater guy, I’m a big advocate for that film.”

	










			Watch on Deadline		






	Amid the Glicked craze, Mescal said, “Give it whatever title you want to give it. [Barbenheimer] was an amazing thing for cinema in general. If we can get people in the door for both films, not only is it great for us, it’s great for Wicked, but it’s great for the cinema industry in general. So, if you like cinema, support it.”

Gladiator II stars Mescal as Lucius, who previously witnessed Maximus (portrayed in the original 2000 film by Russell Crowe) die at the hands of his uncle Commodus (Joaquin Phoenix) in the first movie. Now an adult, Lucius is forced to enter the Colosseum and fight to return glory to the people of Rome.

	Based on the Broadway musical, Wicked follows the Wicked Witch of the West, Elphaba (Erivo) and Glinda, the Good Witch (Grande) as they first meet at Shiz University and share a life-changing encounter with the Wizard of Oz (Jeff Goldblum).

	Breaking multiple box office records, Wicked had a $164.2 million worldwide opening. Meanwhile, Gladiator II made $221 million after an overseas head start.
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.