Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
The singer's new album is due out March 8.

							By 

	Carly Thomas

Associate Editor

Ariana Grande decided to give fans a little peek inside the creation of her upcoming album Eternal Sunshine, which features some “vulnerable” tracks.

	The singer took to social media Thursday to share a video of her previewing songs from the album for her label, Republic Records, for the very first time.



	“I wanted to involve my team, everyone at Republic, as soon as possible because things are just pouring out and happening very quickly as they often do,” Grande can be heard saying to staff members from the label. “You know how I am and you know how these things go.”

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	News
			



	
		
					Singer-Songwriter Jill Sobule "Filled The Room With This Whirlwind of Whimsy"		
			














	
	News
			



	
		
					Dual Lawsuits Accuse and Deny José Menendez's Alleged Sexual Assaults of Menudo Members		
			








	The “positions” singer continued, “I’m nervous! I wanted to share with you this. It’s kind of a concept album because it’s all different, like, heightened pieces of the same story, of the same experience.”

	As Grande continued to talk about her new music in the footage, she started to tear up. “I’m, like, weirdly emotional [because] I’ve been doing this for you guys for 10 years, 12 years,” she said before turning around and saying to herself, “Fucking pull it together, bitch.”

	At the time, she said the “working” album title was Eternal Sunshine and noted that some of the songs “are really vulnerable” while other tracks find her “playing the part that people kind of expect me to be sometimes, and having fun with that, and the rest of it’s all kind of really vulnerable.”

	Earlier in the video, Grande said she began working on the album when the writers and actors strikes started and brought filming for Jon M. Chu’s Wicked, where she plays Glinda, to a halt. The singer said she teamed up with writer-producer Max Martin for a few weeks as well as spent some alone time in the recording studio.

	She added that creating the album “was all pretty fast.”

	Last month, Grande released her first single in several years, “Yes, And?,” which debuted at No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100.

Eternal Sunshine is set to release March 8.
A post shared by Ariana Grande (@arianagrande)
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.