The internet has been in a frenzy ever since Stormzy was spotted locking lips with Grammy-winning R&B star Victoria Monét.
The news comes just three months after his final split from TV host Maya Jama, which shocked fans of the couple. 
The 31-year-old rapper, whose real name is Michael Owuo Jr., was photographed getting affectionate with Monét, 35, at London’s Heathrow Airport on Thursday evening, even sharing a steamy kiss. 
The moment comes after his much-publicized breakup from Maya Jama in July 2023. The couple first began dating in 2014 but split after five years, with rumours of infidelity playing a role, but they reunited in 2022. 
Monét is also recently single, having split from John Gaines earlier this year.
Now, it looks Monét has moved on with Stormzy, and many social media users are shocked. 
User @gabbyjpg wrote: ‘What do you mean Stormzy and Victoria Monet were seen kissing???’ with a meme of a woman looking confused. 
@derrickakordeii posted: ‘I need to know Victoria Monét and Stormzy’s lore IMMEDIATELY. I need the tea 😩😭’
@cherrypinkyb wrote: ‘Victory Monet and Stormzy? Has to be a PR stunt surely?’
@fadhi1ah chimed in: ‘Victoria Monet & Stormzy?! What a plot twist.’
@kesiaxoxo added: ‘Stormzy and Victoria Monet was not on my 2024 bingo card.’
But some fans were even more shocked, having never even heard of the R&B singer before the news broke. 
@Nzita_ posted: ‘I’ve got a question. Now please take into consideration that I do live under a rock but who is Victoria Monet and why is everybody tweeting about them?’
For those unfamiliar with Victoria Monét and her incredible talent, here’s everything you need to know about Stormzy’s latest romantic interest.
Monét is also recently single, having split from her two-year-old daughter’s father, John Gaines, earlier this year. They had reportedly been dating since 2020.
Gaines works as a fitness instructor.
They shared this statement at the time: ‘Ultimately, we decided to be open and address it in hopes to put a period on the question marks for the sake of our healing process.
‘We spent the last 10 months trying to respectfully and privately navigate the fact that we are no longer in a relationship. Though we still completely adore and respect each other, we are not a couple anymore.’
It’s been rumoured that Monét also previously dated singer Kehlani. 
Victoria Monét McCants was born on May 1, 1989, in Georgia but was raised in Sacramento, California.
Before shooting to superstardom as a solo artist, Monét first gained recognition as a songwriter and is best known for her work with pop superstar Ariana Grande, with whom she has developed a close creative partnership. 
Monét co-wrote several of Grande’s biggest hits, including Thank U, Next, 7 Rings, Be Alright, and Monopoly. She received her first Grammy nomination in 2020 for her work with Grande. Her songwriting credits don’t stop there, though. 
Monét has also written for artists like Fifth Harmony, Nas, Chris Brown, and Chloe x Halle.
She soon transformed her success as a songwriter into an explosive career as a solo artist. 
Her debut EP, Nightmares & Lullabies: Act 1 (2014), was released to favourable reviews and was followed up by Nightmares & Lullabies: Act 2 (2015).
But Monét’s breakthrough moment as a solo artist came with the release of her critically acclaimed project Jaguar in 2020. 
Monét’s growing influence in the music world was further cemented when she was nominated for a Grammy in 2022 for Best Traditional R&B Performance with her song Hollywood, which featured her daughter, Hazel, making her the youngest-ever Grammy nominee.
The album, which blends neo-soul, funk, and R&B, earned massive global attention for its fresh sound, with standout tracks like Moment, Experience, and the title track Jaguar.
The follow-up album, Jaguar II, which came out in 2023, was her breakthrough into the mainstream. It spawned a single which peaked within the top 40 of the Billboard Hot 100 and earned a Grammy Award nomination for Record of the Year.
Monét was nominated for seven Grammys in total at the 66th Annual Grammy Awards, and she took home the trophies for Best New Artist, Best R&B Album, and Best Engineered Album, Non-Classical.
Her music often explores themes of love and personal empowerment, with a focus on celebrating Black women’s beauty and strength.
She’s also an outspoken advocate for LGBTQ+ representation. In 2018, she came out as bisexual and has since been vocal about the importance of visibility in the music industry. 
In interviews, Monét has discussed the importance of being open about her sexuality in order for people who feel misrepresented to feel seen. 
While it remains unclear what exactly is happening between Monét and Stormzy, the idea of two musical powerhouses in one couple is undeniably exciting. 
Got a story?
If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.