YouTube/Universal Pictures
Wicked is finally here! Well, only the first part. The highly anticipated movie musical stars Ariana Grande and Cynthia Erivo as Glinda and Elphaba, respectively, based on the original 2003 Broadway musical. So, should you wait in the theatre after the credits roll for a post-credits scene, or has Marvel really conditioned us all?
There is *not* a post-credits scene after the movie. Since there will be a Part Two of the film, it’s not necessary to insert an extra scene after the credits rolled.
However, there is a fun nod to the original 1939 Wizards of Oz with the style of the end credits.
Wicked 2 will be released in theatres on November 26, 2025.
In April 2022, it was announced that the film would be separated into two parts, one being released in November 2024 and the other the following year. Director Jon M. Chu explained he wanted to do the musical right, not wanting to cut down on too many musical numbers and important characters.
“As we prepared the production over the last year, it became impossible to wrestle the story of Wicked into a single film without doing some real damage to it,” he explained, revealing that the creative team decided to give themselves “a bigger canvas” by splitting the adaptation into two separate movies.
“With more space, we can tell the story of WICKED as it was meant to be told,” he added.
In Wicked: Part One, Elphaba finally meets the Wonderful Wizard of Oz (Jeff Goldblum) but discovers his role in Oz’s animal oppression. Shocked by his manipulation, she steals an ancient spell book, the Grimmerie, and flees, pursued by flying monkeys and branded a fugitive by Madame Morrible (Michelle Yeoh). Glinda, who is pressured to stop her, tries to intervene, but Elphaba stands firm.
In the Wizard’s tower, Elphaba accidentally enchants a broomstick and uses it to escape. Singing “Defying Gravity,”she soars out of the Emerald City, determined to fight for her cause.
“We found it very difficult to get past ‘Defying Gravity’ without a break,” Stephen Schwartz, the composer behind the musical and the film said in a June 2022 interview with Variety. “That song is written specifically to bring a curtain down, and whatever scene to follow it without a break just seemed hugely anti-climactic.”
Love J-14? Be sure to subscribe to our YouTube channel for fun, exclusive videos with your favorite stars.
J-14 has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.
J-14 is part of the a360media Entertainment Group.Copyright © a360media 2025. All Rights Reserved