By Armando Tinoco 
Staff Writer

Cynthia Erivo and Ariana Grande will star in the film adaptation of the Broadway musical Wicked, which will be released in theaters later this year.

	The duo playing Elphaba and Glinda made an appearance in the Moments Worth Paying For campaign teasing the Jon M. Chu-directed film.

	“Seeing a film on the big screen, is an experience like no other,” Grande says with Erivo adding, “You can embark on any adventure.”

	Grande continues, “Visit extraordinary new worlds,” and Erivo adds, “Even defy gravity.”

	“With Wicked, everyone will have a chance to fly,” Grande says.




			Watch on Deadline		






	“So grab your friends and family and discover the spectacle only cinema can deliver,” Erivo says.

	










	The Moments Worth Paying For campaign is driven by The Industry Trust, which aims to address film and TV copyright infringement and invite audiences to experience film through legitimate sources.

Wicked will release on November 22 in the U.S. and the U.K.

RELATED: Ariana Grande Explains Voice Change Following Viral Video

Wicked will be released in two parts, with the second part of the film set for release on December 25, 2025. In a letter shared on social media, Chu explained why the decision was made to split Wicked into two films.

	“As we prepared for this production over the last year, it became increasingly clear that it would be impossible to wrestle the story of Wicked into a single film without doing some real damage to it,” read the letter posted on April 2022. “As we tried to cut songs or trim characters, those decisions began to feel like fatal compromises to the source material that has entertained us all for so many years.”

	Chu continued, “So we decided to give ourselves a bigger canvas and make not just one Wicked movie but TWO!!!! With more space, we can tell the story of Wicked as it was meant to be told while bringing even more depth and surprise to the journeys of these beloved characters.”

Wicked also stars Michelle Yeoh, Jeff Goldblum, Jonathan Bailey, Ethan Slater, Marissa Bode, Bowen Yang, Bronwyn James, Keala Settle and Peter Dinklage.
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.