"Please know this ain't what I planned for / Probably wouldn't bet a dime or my life on."
Ariana Grande dropped her highly-anticipated (and stunning) new album Eternal Sunshine, and fans are already pouring over the lyrics to try and figure out what who they're about. And when it comes to 'the boy is mine,' all signs point to Ethan Slater.  
First up, let's go through the full lyrics (via Genius): 
Obviously, only Ari knows the true meaning of the lyrics, but — let's be real — fans are no doubt screaming to decode them:
Ariana spoke about the song with Apple Music's Zane Lowe and said, "It’s kind of like, okay, ‘I’ll play the bad girl, here’s your bad girl anthem.'" She also confirmed that the track is inspired by Brandy and Monica's 1998 hit of the same name: "I’ve always wanted to reimagine that song in some kind of way."
She continued, "I kind of was like, ‘This is a very bad idea, I think, but there is a large group of my fans that really, they do love a bad girl anthem,'" she continued. "And this is kind of an elevated version of that."
'Kay, BRB listening on repeat.
Beyoncé Cowboy Carter Tour set list
JoJo on cryptic 48 hour comment 
The ending of Netflix's Havoc explained
The Assembly should be next on your watch list
Netflix's The Four Seasons release date
Who are The Seraphites in The Last of Us? 
What Kath said about JoJo split after CBBUK
Emma lands major role in Greta's Narnia remake
Did you spot subtle Chadwick tribute in Sinners?
Every character Joe Goldberg has killed in 'You'
Penn 'fought to be as naked as possible' in You
Sinners movie post-credit scenes, explained
Cosmopolitan, Part of the Hearst UK Fashion & Beauty Network
Cosmopolitan participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England 112955. All Rights Reserved.