Gregg DeGuire/WireImage
Ever since Outer Banks star Madison Bailey revealed she’s pansexual  in 2020, fans wanted to learn more about her girlfriend, Mariah Linney, and where the couple stand today.

While Madison may be all about acting, Mariah is all about sports. The South Carolina native played for the women’s basketball team at the University of North Carolina at Charlotte.
Mariah mused about her collegiate basketball career coming to an end in a March 2021 Instagram post and what the future held.
“As my basketball career comes to a halt, I want to thank everyone who believed and supported me through this journey. I never thought i would see the day basketball came to an end for me because it was my dream growing up to play professionally but I am ready to take the next step in my life and find my other passion,” she began in the caption.
“All I have known my whole life is basketball since the day I was born … it brings tears to my eyes to finally see it end, but it has been a dream come true to have made it this far,” she added.
Mariah came out of retirement several times to play exhibition games for the Creator League, a sports league for content creators.
Mariah made a TikTok video gushing over Madison, in May 2020, which ended up catching the actress’ attention. “Just me staring at Madison Bailey,” Mariah captioned the clip, which featured her looking mesmerizingly at the camera.
The two confirmed their romance in June 2020 when Mariah shared another TikTok video, which featured a snippet of Ariana Grande‘s “7 Rings” lyrics. “I see it/ I like it/ I want it/ I got it (yeah)” was the excerpt of the song that played as photos of the actress were displayed before Madison herself appeared in the clip.
A couple days after she became exclusive with Mariah, Madison spoke candidly about being pansexual.
“I feel zero shame, and I don’t feel that way because nobody’s ever really shamed me for it and I know a lot of people have had lot of hate and lack of support,” she shared during a Mental Health Q&A with Lacy Hartselle on June 17. “I know so many, countless stories of queer people that did not have support. But if you’re asking me personally, that’s just my experience with it. It was worth it. I feel lighter, I feel happier that I can just be so open and honest. It feels nice.”
The women frequently share loved-up photos together on their social media. Madison gushed about her longtime girlfriend in a February 2024 Instagram post, writing, “It’s my angels 25th!! Happy birthday to my best friend, my peace, and my joy. I love you.”
Madison and Mariah have posed on plenty of red carpets over the years and attended numerous fashion events, including shows at Paris and New York Fashion Weeks. The ladies posed together on the red carpet of Outer Banks season 3‘s premiere in 2023, and season 4’s premiere in October 2024.
Conversation
All comments are subject to our Community Guidelines. Life & Style does not endorse
						the opinions and views shared by our readers in our comment sections. Our comments section is a place
						where readers can engage in healthy, productive, lively, and respectful discussions. Offensive language,
						hate speech, personal attacks, and/or defamatory statements are not permitted. Advertising or spam is
						also prohibited.
					
Life & Style has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.
Life & Style is part of the a360media Entertainment Group.Copyright © a360media 2025. All Rights Reserved
By clicking Sign In, you agree to our Terms and Conditions and that you have read our Privacy Policy.
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include:
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include: