By Anthony D'Alessandro 
Editorial Director/Box Office Editor

EXCLUSIVE: Two-time Emmy and Golden Globe award-winning producer Michael Bostick is joining Jon M. Chu’s multi-media production company, Electric Somewhere as their new Head of Film.

	Bostick will be joining Caitlin Foito, the Head of Television, who continues to lead the department under Chu’s deal at 20th Century Fox Television.

	Earlier this year, Chu signed a first-look feature film deal at Warner Bros; the filmmaker having made Crazy Rich Asians and In the Heights at the studio. 

	“I’ve long admired Michael’s films and the successful companies he’s built. His sophisticated taste and endless curiosity about the stories he champions perfectly align with the vision I have for the Electric Somewhere Company. I’m thrilled that we’re finally teaming up to create purpose-driven spectacles for the largest screens, bringing joy to audiences around the world,” said Chu.

	










			Watch on Deadline		







	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	













	News
	



	
		
					'Wicked: For Good' First Look: Galinda Exclaims "Elphaba, They're Coming For You!" - CinemaCon 		
			















	News
	



	
		
					How To Watch 'Wicked: Part One': Is The Film Streaming Yet?		
			







	“Jon’s boundless talent as a top-tier storyteller is matched only by his big heart and deep reservoir of optimism. The opportunity to support his vision and help create groundbreaking cinematic experiences to entertain and uplift global audiences is a privilege,” said Bostick. “As a fan of his since his student film at USC, I am thrilled to be working alongside Jon, and the extraordinary team at Warner Brothers, to build his platform and amplify his voice in the feature film world.”

	Bostick won a Primetime Emmy for the miniseries From the Earth to the Moon. He was a producer on Bruce Almigthy and Evan Almighty as well as an EP on Liar Liar and the Dwayne Johnson movie Journey 2: The Mysterious Island.

	Bostick is repped by Bob Myman and Seth Michael at Myman Greenspan Fox Rosenberg Mobasser Younger & Light LLP.

	Up next for Chu is the two-part Universal feature adaptation of hit stage musical, Wicked, the first half hitting theaters on Nov. 27. Ariana Grande stars as Glinda and Cynthia Erivo as Elphaba. 
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.