Being asked questions about how you keep yourself clean down there when you have long nails is about as cringe-y as hearing nails scrape across a chalkboard, and Cynthia Erivo became the latest victim of this inquiry on Monday after appearing on The Armchair Expert to promote her film Wicked.
Source: Theo Wargo / Getty
During her press run, she’s been wearing lengthier nails, but has consistently switched the style. She’s careful though to keep some sort of green shade in her designs, as a nod to her character Elphaba in the movie. Podcast host and actor Dax Shepard seemed fascinated by the length and shamelessly asked Erivo to explain how she wipes when she uses the bathroom.
 


					Related Stories
				





 

Oscar Nominations 2025: Cynthia Erivo’s ‘Wicked’ Leads The Pack — But Did Denzel Get Snubbed?






 

Outrage Ensues As Cynthia Erivo, Ariana Grande’s ‘Very Shady’ ‘Wicked’ Pay Gap Rumors Persist: ‘My Jaw Dropped’






 

Cynthia Erivo Regrets Her Controversial Blasting Of ‘Offensive’ Fan-Made ‘Wicked’ Poster: ‘I Should Have Called My Friends’






Despite being irritated, Erivo had a poised response for the Idiocracy actor to let him know that she wipes her tush “very well.”
She said, “Nobody uses just their fingers to wipe their backside. You use tissue. Correct? And you wipe.”
Shepard, however, had further questions to get a full visual and understanding of the process. The 49-year-old said, “I guess my question is does the tissue go on the tip of the fingernails or do you try to get the tissue on the…” Erivo then cut Shepard off and responded, “pads of the fingers.”
But that was not the end. Shepard pushed on and asked, “And then you’re just feeling the little tickle of the nails on the crack of your butt sometimes?”
“No, because the tissue’s there,” Erivo said before explaining that she folds the tissue. 
The Widows star admitted that she was “annoyed” with the question and earlier said that “everyone” asks it. 
She said, “But I get it. But it’s also like I’m a functioning adult and I’ve never walked around smelling like…you know.”
Source: Gilbert Flores / Getty
Shepard’s co-host Monica Padman chimed in next. She explained that most people that ask the question are curious. It’s because they couldn’t imagine being able to wipe properly with their nails being that long. 
Erivo responded, “That’s a problem with them. And here’s the thing, there are people who do not have nails who need to check how they’re wiping.”
Wicked hits theaters on Nov. 22 and stars Ariana Grande, Michelle Yeoh, Jonathan Bailey, Peter Dinklage, and more. 
 Play
RELATED CONTENT: Cynthia Erivo Regrets Her Controversial Blasting Of ‘Offensive’ Fan-Made ‘Wicked’ Poster: ‘I Should Have Called My Friends’

									Screams & Symbolism: Black Horror Scholars Break Down The Cultural Chills of 'Sinners'								

									Terrence Howard Bashed For Rejecting Marvin Gaye Biopic Over Gay Kiss Scene								

									Beyoncé’s ‘Cowboy Carter’ Tour Sparks Meme Madness With Rodeo Runway Looks & Family Vibes								

									Salt-N-Pepa Push It Real Good To The Hall Of Fame: Hip-Hop Icons Honored For Trailblazing Legacy								

									Cassie Claims Diddy’s Pressing For Her Memoir And Money Statements								

									Torrei Hart Enters the Chat: New Podcast Launches on Urban One Network								

									No Scrubs, Just Stars: TLC’s 'CrazySexyCool' Musical Is Headed To Broadway								

									Tyra Banks Thinks Taylor Swift Should Replace Whitney Houston In 'The Bodyguard' Remake — And The Internet Is Pissed								
We've joined the BHM Digital family of websites and have updated our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
					By continuing to use this site, you agree to our updated Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
MadameNoire is a sophisticated lifestyle publication that gives African-American women the latest in fashion trends,
					black entertainment news, parenting tips and beauty secrets that are specifically for black women. Black women
					seek information on a wide variety of topics including African-American hair care, health issues, relationship
					advice and career trends - and MadameNoire provides all of that.

An Urban One Brand 

MadameNoire ® Copyright © 2025 BossipMadameNoire, LLC All Rights Reserved  | BHM Digital