Ariana Grande attends Billboard’s 13th Annual Women In Music Event at Pier 36 on December 6, 2018 in New York City. 
Ariana Grande is in her "yes, and?" era. In a new interview on Monday (February 26), the Wicked star called out the toxicity of tabloid coverage and the effects stories have on people. As for the public's perception, Grande, 30, says, "We selectively remember that this is what the tabloids do to people, especially women, based on whether or not we like the person… We selectively leave space for humanness, for nuance -- they don’t leave space for that." The singer-songwriter adds that the tabloids turn off their humanness when it aligns with the version of a person they have in their head that they want to believe is true. It isn't hard to connect the star's words with the media coverage following her divorce with Dalton Gomez and her dating her Wicked co-star, Ethan Slater.
One Arianator wrote on X (formerly Twitter): "a lot of people did terrible things and faced no consequences, there's no proof ariana did anything and everyone wanted to boycott her.. she's so right." Another said, "The same ppl who drag Ariana for ‘homewrecking’ have never had a man or can’t keep one [weeping emoji] So they run with a story online to make themseleves feel better about their miserable romantic lives." A third fan commented: "demolish those homewrecker allegations queen!"
Earlier in Ari's interview, she revealed that she actually wasn't planning on making new music. In fact, she stated she was "really opposed to coming out with music" until after the production of both or just one of the Wicked films. However, when the writer's and actor's strikes began last year, the pop star came to New York and met up wit famed producer and frequent collaborator Max Martin to have fun and see how it would feel to make music. Her seventh studio album, eternal sunshine, is set to release on March 8th. Grande revealed the 13-song tracklist on Tuesday (February 27). Take a look below:

A post shared by

Years after popular songs fall off of the charts, it is interesting to go back and see what tracks have outlasted the hands of time. For some artists, their hits are still thoroughly enjoyed to this day, while others were perceived as good during the time of their release. As we near 2024, we're looking back at pop songs that debuted a decade ago. And, well, not all of them not hold up. From the musicality to the lyrics, many songs from 2014 had a similar sound. Horns and EDM influence were a commonality in pop music at this time, with songs like Ariana Grande, Jessie J, and Nicki Minaj's "Bang Bang." The "earworm" factor may be prevalent, but it's for all the wrong reasons with a lot of the pop songs that were released in 2014.
Popular artists in 2014 that took over the sound space include Taylor Swift, Iggy Azalea, Ariana Grande, Beyoncé, Meghan Trainor, Jessie J, Charlie XCX, Pharell Williams, Kesha, Sia, Maroon 5, Nicki Minaj, Miley Cyrus, and Katy Perry. There were a few songs that we thoroughly still enjoy from the era, so we are not saying that it was all complete garbage. For example, John Legend's "All of Me" and Sam Smith's "Stay With Me" are really moving songs that hold up ten years later. Sam Smith won the Grammy for Best New Artist and Best Pop Vocal Album for his debut studio album In the Lonely Hour. A remix of the English singer-songwriter's hit won Song of the Year and Record of the Year as well. Meanwhile, Legend's "All of Me" was nominated for Best Pop Solo Performance, but it was Pharell's "Happy" that took the win.
Take a look below at seven pop songs turning ten years old that aged horribly in 2024:
This song may have put Trainor on the map, but let's admit it -- "All About That Bass" is not a good song. We love the meaning behind her lyrics, but the phrase, "I'm all about that bass, no treble," sounds so incredibly corny. The song was even Grammy-nominated for song of the year...
Jessie J was hot in 2014. Three years following her debut hit, "Price Tag," the English singer-songwriter paired up with Grande and Minaj for this annoying song. From the horns to Jessie and Ariana's voices, "Bang Bang" makes us want to "Bang Bang" ourselves unconscious so we don't have to hear this song again.
Two voices that don't go well together: Ariana Grande and Iggy Azalea. Iggy's southern accent that she puts on is giving Kermit the Frog vibes, while Grande's high-pitched voice makes her sound like Miss Piggy in this 2014 throwback. The trumpets that play in the pop track were popular during this era in pop music for some reason, but listening back to it now, it's just annoying.
The video is so cringy, and the song is an earworm that is torturous to have stuck in your head all day. In 2014, Swift poked fun at "what people say" about her. The song received a few awards, but her attempt at comedy in the music video fell flat, with references to 2010 films Black Swan and Step Up 3D, Lady Gaga, Daft Punk, Skrillex, and Audrey Hepburn.
The term "selfie stick" did not become widely used until 2014 and the EDM duo took the concept of selfies to the mainstream with this dance track. Inspiration came from women who go to the club that the Chainsmokers saw regularly on their nights out in New York City. Hilariously, the woman throughout the song lists popular yet bad Instagram filters. Though the concept is hilarious, as a song, it has aged into the realm of tacky.
Beyoncé can sure belt out those high notes, but in "Drunk in Love," her voice sounds whiny to the point of hurting our ears. With lyrics like, "Can't keep your eyes off my fatty, daddy, I want you, na-na," it's so hard for us to wrap our heads around Jay-Z actually liking this song.
Hearing a white woman from Australia rap about still being "in the Murda Bizness" is hilarious. Iggy's 2014 track came from her debut studio album, The New Classic, featured British singer Charlie XCX, inspired by 1995's cult classic Clueless in the music video.
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!