« All Events
Discover the ultimate destination for music enthusiasts at MontanaFair on August 9th! Experience the dynamic performances of Boys Like Girls, 3OH!3, and The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus!
3OH!3 stands for 303, the telephone code for Boulder, Colorado, which happens to be the number-one question Nathaniel Motte and Sean Foreman get asked in interviews… well, that and, “how tall are you?!” (they’re 6’8″ and 6’1″, incidentally). So now that that’s out of the way we can get to the juicer details of this mountain-raised, finely-aging boy band. 3OH!3 continue to tour all over the world, and HELL YES, they will still play all your favorite hits off of their first album WANT so your “middle school self” can truly live. They’ve played shows on every continent except for Antarctica (too cold). 3OH!3 are still hard at work writing and producing music. Their recent releases include the singles “Lonely Machines feat 100 Gecs” and “I’m So Sad” off their album NEED. Nat and Sean also write and produce songs for other artists including Maroon 5, BTS, Kesha, Illenium, Ariana Grande, Lil Jon, Black Bear, and MAX, to name a few. These pioneers of the early aughts party scene can teach you how to party – just come see your favorite Boulder Boyz in a city near you sometime soon. Or just stream “Don’t Trust Me” “My First Kiss” and “Starstrukk” on endless repeat – either way, they’ve got nothing but love for you and yours.
2075 Central Ave. Suite #5, Billings, MT 59102(406)248-7777 
Contact Us EEO Public File Employment FCC Applications
© 2025 Planet 106.7 | Powered by Desert Mountain Digital
Wherever the words KPLN appear in these rules, they include the business entity to which the station is licensed, and any member companies, parent corporations, and affiliates.
1. No purchase is necessary to enter any KPLN contest.
2. All contest winners must provide KPLN with a valid form of identification and Social Security number satisfactory to management.
3. Subject to rule (4) below, all contestants must be at least 18 years old to be eligible to participate in contests that include hotel/motel accommodations, motor vehicles, boats, and/or air travel as prizes.
4. All contestants must be at least 21 years old to be eligible for all contests affiliated with an alcoholic beverage manufacturer or distributor.
5. One entry per household will be permitted to participate in a contest unless specifically stated in the individual contests’ rules. A “household” is defined as any individual residing at the same address. After winning a contest on KPLN, the individual/household is ineligible to win any other contests on KPLN for a period of thirty (30) days. All individuals/households receiving a prize valued at $100.00 or more on KPLN may be issued a 1099 Federal Income Tax Form and are ineligible to win a prize valued at $100.00 or more for a period of six months from the date of winning. If it is determined that a selected contestant is ineligible as a result of one or both of these restrictions, another contestant will be selected. This selection procedure will continue until these restrictions are satisfied.
6. Anytime the KPLN on-air studio is called, it is assumed by the caller that the phone call is being recorded and may be broadcast. The caller grants permission to KPLN to broadcast the call or record the call for later broadcast.
8. For contests requiring written entry forms, they may be faxed to 406-248-8577, e-mailed to a contest specific address on www.planet1067.com, or mailed/delivered to KPLN – 2075 Central Ave. Suite #5, Billings, MT 59102. These avenues of entry are only valid if specifically outlined in the specific contests’ rules. All entries become the property of KPLN and will not be returned. KPLN reserves the right to retain any or all contest materials for any reason that KPLN deems necessary to the completion of the contest, or reasons relating to publicity and/or advertising. KPLN shall have no responsibility for a contestant’s failure to win or claim any prize based on difficulties with telephone, facsimile, email, or internet difficulties, or any circumstances in any contest.
9. Any specific rules and/or restrictions pertaining to individual contests (entry dates, a limit the number or words on an entry, etc.) will be disclosed in on-air announcements.
10. Prizes must be picked up by the winners at the KPLN business office or other prearranged or pre-announced location within fifteen (15) days of notification to the winner, unless there is a deadline date by which the prizes must be picked up, in which case, that date will be specifically stated. Otherwise, failure to pick up the prizes by the deadline will result in the forfeiture of the prize, which shall remain the property of KPLN. KPLN assumes no liability for the delivery of prizes.
11. In the event the winner is subject to, or the subject of, any order or legal process issued by any governmental agency having jurisdiction over the affairs of the winner (i.e. garnishment, child support order, judgment, lien, and the like), KPLN’s delivery of the prize to the official representative of the governmental entity claiming a right to the prize shall be thus deemed as KPLN awarding the prize to the winner. KPLN shall be entitled to rely in good faith, upon any documents presented by the representative seeking to collect the prize in lieu of the winner. KPLN shall not be liable for any claim by any winner for damages incidental there to.
12. As a condition of entering a contest, contestants must agree that upon winning, they will consent to the use of their name, likeness, and all verbal and written communications with KPLN for publicity purposes.
13. Employees of KPLN, Desert Mountain Broadcasting, LLC and its ultimate parent company, their advertising agencies, affiliates, contest sponsors, employees and immediate families of each, and employees of all media of mass communication within a one hundred mile radius of the KPLN main studio are not eligible to win any contest.
14. All prizes are non-transferable and are not redeemable for cash. KPLN reserves the right to substitute a prize of similar value. KPLN cannot be held responsible for unforeseen cancellations or delays of concerts/events or transportation caused by weather, promoter or performer.
15. The winners are solely responsible for all applicable local, state and federal taxes. Winner may be issued a 1099 MISC federal tax form if in one calendar year the prize value of all prizes won in contests from KPLN and/or participating co-sponsors exceeds $600.00.
16. KPLN and Desert Mountain Broadcasting LLC, assumes no liability for liability, damages, situations, repairs, or incidents arising from any aspect of any prize awarded in any contest. KPLN, Desert Mountain Broadcasting LLC, all participating co-sponsor companies and their advertising and promotional agencies, affiliates thereof, employees, and immediate families of each absolve themselves and shall be held harmless from any action or liability arising from any contest or prize awarded in any contest. As a condition of entering a contest, participants may be required, upon winning, to sign a release form and affidavit of eligibility to claim their prize. Failure to do so will result in forfeiture of the contestant’s right to claim or receive the prize.
17. The following are specifically related to E-contests and E-Mail Club promotions on www.planet1067.com
18. All appropriate information in required fields must be filled out or contestants will be disqualified.
19. To be eligible to win a prize, a contestant must reside within the listening area of KPLN, as defined within the exclusive discretion of management.
22. All giveaways and contests are void where prohibited by law. All local, state and federal regulations apply. As a licensee of the FCC and a trustee of the public airwaves, KPLN reserves the right to interrupt and/or discontinue any contest or promotion (and not award the offered prize) at the discretion of KPLN management if world events, the national mood, or public safety so warrant. KPLN reserves the right to disqualify any winner if the contest rules have been violated in any way. KPLN reserves the right to amend the rules to any contest at any time. All decisions of KPLN are final and not open to appeal.
23. Although KPLN will make reasonable efforts to conduct its contests substantially as announced or advertised, KPLN reserves the right in extraordinary situations to change or modify the rules of its contests as exigent circumstances may require. In such cases, KPLN will amend the rules for that contest and broadcast the amended rules as promptly as possible. In such case, the contest will be conducted in accordance with the amended rules.
24. A copy of these rules are available during business hours at Desert Mountain Broadcasting’s KPLN offices, 2075 Central Ave. Suite #5, Billings, MT 59102