Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
During a candid chat on The One Show, Hollywood icon Jeff Goldblum shared an intimate glimpse into his early fears with presenters Vernon Kay and Clara Amfo. On the Tuesday episode (August 27), the actor was in high spirits as he chatted about his role in the fiercely anticipated Netflix series Kaos alongside Janet McTeer.
 When the conversation shifted to his participation in the star-studded film adaptation of Wicked, where he stars with Ariana Grande, Cynthia Erivo, Michelle Yeoh, and Jonathan Bailey, Clara seized the moment and inquired, "So you're afraid of witches so how did that work out? "
 Jeff disclosed a quirky childhood phobia admitting, "My first dream when I was a kid. I remember a witch tied me to a tree," inciting laughter from everyone while he insisted, "It's true."
Vernon couldn't resist a cheeky remark to viewers: "Guys it's 20 past 7, brace yourselves." Jeff elaborated with a light-hearted touch, "I'll cut it short. I thought she was going to cut my head off but she said 'peaches, peaches' and I was scared about that."
 Reflecting on his eminent Wicked co-stars, Jeff expressed, "On set Ariana Grande plays the good witch and her character finds her heart, meanwhile Cynthia's character finds her powers and mostly I wasn't afraid I was actually moved by it.", reports Wales Online. 
The show also delved into behind-the-scenes antics with Janet McTeer, portraying Hera, talking about the tactics she used to keep Jeff Goldblum on track during the filming of their dark comedy collaboration.
Clare queried: "Is it right that you used to sing show tunes to Jeff while on set? " To which Janet confessed, "We had many and we did have a piano on our set and sometimes he would play and everyone would stop."
Jeff weighed in with, "I don't know about that." Undeterred, Janet insisted, "Yes they did, yes they did. It's not like he would get distracted, he didn't."
She elaborated: "Jeff is incredibly hard working and we are both very old school, we know all our lines and are very prepared but he would sort of get it. There is always so much going on with a lot of people so we would just sing."
Then Jeff remarked, "Sometime I would find her so prepared." Showing off their dynamic rapport, the duo then burst into song as they showcased their unique method of getting into character.
The One Show airs weekdays on BBC One and iPlayer