Saturday Night Live enlisted a slew of Hollywood A-listers to host episodes of its milestone 50th season.
Jean Smart kicked off the season in September, making her SNL debut alongside musical guest Jelly Roll.
“I can’t tell you how honored I am to be hosting the premiere episode of season 50,” the Hacks star gushed in her opening monologue. “It is truly incredible to be here. I haven’t gotten all dressed up and had hundreds of people clap for me in days.”
She added, “I remember watching the very first episode of SNL and thinking, ‘Someday, I’m going to host that show.’ And this was the first Saturday that worked with my schedule, but it’s great to be here in New York.”
Weeks later, Ariana Grande took over the emceeing duties. While she quickly impressed viewers with a variety of musical skits and an on-camera kiss with Wicked costar Bowen Yang, it was “Domingo” that stole the show.
Grande portrayed a bridesmaid in a wedding reception sketch, where she and a group of SNL cast members sang a cover of Sabrina Carpenter’s “Espresso.” In this version, it was about a bride’s hookup with Domingo (Marcello Hernandez) during her bachelorette vacation.
“It exploded,” cast member Sarah Sherman said on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon in late October. “When Ariana Grande did bad singing in blocking rehearsal, everyone was like, ‘Oh, this is funny.’”
The “Domingo” sketch subsequently went viral on social media, inspiring a follow-up with November host Charli XCX that reimagined Chappell Roan’s “Hot to Go” at the same couple’s baby shower.
Keep scrolling to revisit every star who hosted SNL during season 50:
In addition to making Us laugh in every sketch, Smart also enlisted her Hacks costar Hannah Einbinder for a surprise cameo on September 28. Together, Smart and Einbinder announced Jelly Roll’s second musical performance.
The comedian hosted SNL on October 5 with musical guest Coldplay, where he even starred in a sequel to his 2023 sketch “Washington’s Dream.” (Bargatze previously hosted SNL in October 2023 as part of season 49.)
Grande was joined by musical guest Stevie Nicks.
“Before I start, I just want to make one thing clear tonight: I am just hosting,” Grande said in her monologue. “I’m not going to make this about me. I’m just going to have fun, take it easy and I’m just gonna keep it low-key.”
Keaton hosted for the fourth time on October 19 as Billie Eilish served as the musical guest.
“You know, when the show first premiered in 1975, I was working on a very different show in Pittsburgh,” Keaton said in his monologue. “I was a P.A. on Mister Roger’s Neighborhood at WQED and in the ‘70s, actually, SNL and Mister Roger’s had a lot more similarities than you’d think. A lot of puppets, tons of cocaine [and] anyway, Fred was a great guy. He’s everything you thought he was.”
Burr hosted the show on November 9 alongside musical guest Mk.gee.
In Mulaney’s November 12 monologue, he gushed about life with then-6-month-old daughter Méi and wife Olivia Munn. Later in the episode, he reunited with friend (and former cast member) Pete Davidson for a musical sketch about the perils of NYC’s Port Authority bus station.
Charli pulled double duty on November 16, serving as host and musical guest. Her pièce de résistance included a follow-up to Grande’s “Domingo” but set to “Hot to Go.” Fans were particularly enthused that “Hot to Go” features the same amount of letters as “Domingo,” making the spelling section of the song work perfectly.
Mescal paid homage to his movie Gladiator II with an SNL spoof on the December 7 episode, in which he sang in a fictitious musical trailer. He also rode on a broomstick like Cynthia Erivo in Wicked. (Gladiator II and Wicked hit theaters on the same day in late November.)
Rock, an SNL vet, returned to host the show on December 14. In a “Gallbladder Surgery” sketch, he reunited with Adam Sandler and they couldn’t stop laughing as Sandler sprayed Rock and the cast with fake blood.
The former cast member returns to host the holiday show on December 21 alongside musical guest Hozier.
The comedian returned for the fourth time alongside performer GloRilla.
Not only is Chalamet a host in season 50 but a performer as well.
Gillis headlined SNL for a second time on March 1 with musical guest Tate McRae.
Gaga was the host and musical guest on March 8.
The Oscar winner hosted on March 29 with musical guest Morgan Wallen, who made headlines when he left the show promptly after goodnights with the goal to return to “God’s country.” (Wallen has not addressed the controversy.)
Black returned to SNL after 20 years on April 5. Elton John and Brandi Carlile were the musical guests in support of their joint record.
Hamm hosted his fourth episode on April 12, accompanied by musical guest Lizzo.
You have successfully subscribed.
By signing up, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy and to receive emails from Us Weekly
Check our latest news in Google News
Check our latest news in Apple News
The Abbott Elementary creator hosts SNL for the second time on May 3 with first-time musical guest Benson Boone.
Fresh off his White Lotus season 3 success (and SNL’s own parody that upset costar Aimee Lou Wood), Goggins hosts SNL on May 10. He will be joined by musical guest Arcade Fire.
Johansson, who is married to “Weekend Update” host Colin Jost, emcees the season finale on May 17 with musical guest Bad Bunny.
You have successfully subscribed.
By signing up, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy and to receive emails from Us Weekly
You have successfully subscribed.
By signing up, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy and to receive emails from Us Weekly
Us Weekly has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.
You have successfully subscribed.
By signing up, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy and to receive emails from Us Weekly
Us Weekly is part of Part of the a360media Entertainment Group. © a360media 2025Powered by WordPress VIP
By clicking Sign In, you agree to our Terms and Conditions and that you have read our Privacy Policy.
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include:
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include: