Stars showed up en masse to support Simone Biles and Team USA.
Matthew Stockman/Getty Images
 The Olympics have only just begun and this year's Summer Games are already off to a running start. First, there was the triumphant return of Celine Dion to the Opening Ceremony, followed by the engagement news of fellow performer, Lady Gaga. Then, the games actually began, and celebrities showed up en masse to support Simone Biles and the rest of team USA women's gymnastics, who capped off their so-called "redemption tour" by taking home gold.

 After hours, Paris witnessed even more history-making moments—like the reunion of Jennifer Hudson and Sarah Jessica Parker, who haven't acted together since the first Sex and the City movie back in 2008 (Hudson played Louise, Carrie's assistant, in the film.) "Look who I ran into in Paris !!" Hudson wrote on Instagram. "Carrie and Louise reunited at last! Love is the thing, you know!"

 It's been exactly 100 years since Paris last hosted the Summer Games, and, clearly, the city has already borne witness to plenty of memorable moments—thanks to both celebrities and athletes alike. Here are all the stars who touched down in Paris to support Team USA.

Stephane Feugere/Getty Images
 Ralph Lauren ambassador Jessica Chastain kicked off the Olympics with a brand dinner at Ralph's, the restaurant inside Ralph Lauren's flagship store. The next day, she took her daughter Giulietta and her son Augustus to the women's gymnastics competition, again wearing Ralph Lauren.

Matthew Stockman/Getty Images
 After a glamorous pre-Olympics party courtesy of Vogue and Louis Vuitton, five-time Olympian Shaun White and girlfriend Nina Dobrev stuck around Paris to support Team USA. For the Opening Ceremony, the duo also donned Ralph Lauren.

Matthew Stockman/Getty Images
 Wicked co-stars Cynthia Erivo and Ariana Grande stayed on theme with vintage-inspired tea-length gowns chosen for their respective characters, Elphaba and Glinda. Of course, this isn't the first time the pair have stepped out in reference to the forthcoming release; they also went green and pink for a preview of the film at CinemaCon back in April.

Julien M. Hekimian/Getty Images
 As one of the final torch bearers featured in the Opening Ceremony, Snoop Dogg has played an important role in the 2024 Olympics since day one. "It's too hard to put in words," Snoop Dogg told NBC when asked about what it was like to be a torch bearer. "It was extraordinary. It was excellent. And I found out that when you hold the torch, you're a peace messenger."

Matthew Stockman/Getty Images
 Joining the Simone Biles fan club on Sunday morning were John Legend and Chrissy Teigen, who brought along their son Miles and daughter Luna for the occasion. The family watched the women's gymnastics qualifying round alongside Nick Jonas.

Instagram @iamjhud
 After hours, Paris continued to play host to some delightful celebrity run-ins, like the reunion of Jennifer Hudson and Sarah Jessica Parker, who worked together on the first Sex and the City movie back in 2008.

Arturo Holmes/Getty Images
 After an epic Opening Ceremony performance on Île de la Cité, Lady Gaga and her newly confirmed fiancé Michael Polansky stepped back from the spotlight to watch the women's gymnastics on Sunday morning.

Matthew Stockman/Getty Images
 Clarkson may be a fan of the Olympics but she was also there to work. Joining Peyton Manning and longtime Olympics host Mike Tirico, Clarkson narrated the four-hour long Opening Ceremony as 10,500 athletes floated down the Seine River.

Pascal Le Segretain/Getty Images
 After attending an Omega event with her daughter, Sunday, Nicole Kidman took the to the stands to watch the women's skateboarding final with her husband, Keith Urban. She then stayed on to watch Team USA win gold at the women's all-around gymnastics final.

Catherine Steenkeste/Getty Images
 Queen Latifah traveled to Lille, France to support Team USA in the men's basketball game versus Serbia, which the U.S. won 110-84.

Arturo Holmes/Getty Images
 Along with a handful of other celebrities, Greta Gerwig and Tom Cruise were spotted in the stands on Sunday morning cheering on Team USA at the women's gymnastics qualifying round.

Pascal Le Segretain/Getty Images
 Taking the stands in a very French-inspired mustard yellow skirt suit, Natalie Portman cheered on Simone Biles and the rest of Team USA as they clinched gold in the women's gymnastics team final.

Matthew Stockman/Getty Images
 Olympic gold medalist Serena Williams has had a starring role so far in Paris, from her Opening Ceremony boat ride and her role as an official torch bearer, to her ongoing support of Team USA athletes, including Simone Biles and her fellow gymnasts.

Sarah Stier/Getty Images
 As the most decorated Olympian of all-time, Michael Phelps knows a thing or two about performing under pressure. He cheered on Team USA to victory at the women's gymnastics all-around finals on Tuesday.

MEGA/Getty Images
 Supermodel (and, by the way, daughter of an Olympian) Kendall Jenner made it out to Paris on Thursday to support Simone Biles and Suni Lee in the women's gymnastics individual all-around competition. She wore a patriotic Ralph Lauren bomber for the occasion, plus a "closing ceremony cap"—the same one that athletes will don for the actual closing ceremony, on August 11.

Jean Catuffe/Getty Images
 Martha Stewart also joined spectators at the women's gymnastics final on Thursday, where she, alongside a slew of other celebrities, witnessed Simone Biles reclaim gold. Biles's teammate, Suni Lee, took home a bronze medal.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)