By 

	Jack Dunn


	If you purchase an independently reviewed product or service through a link on our website, Variety may receive an affiliate commission.

	After years of development by directors Mary Robertson and Emma Schwartz, “Quiet on Set: The Dark Side of Kids TV” aired on ID this week, with episodes now available to stream on Max. 

	The tell-all docuseries features Nickelodeon cast and crew who share horror stories about on-set experiences working with Dan Schneider during the late 90’s and early 2000’s, with some alleging cases of sexism, racism and inappropriate behavior between Schneider and his young cast members. 





	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					Soundstage Expansion Now Feeling Crunch of Production Contraction		
			














	
		
					'House of the Dragon' Season 3 Casts Barry Sloane, Tom Cullen, Joplin Sibtain		
			








	“Quiet on Set” features individuals who worked with Schneider on some of Nickelodeon’s biggest hits, including “The Amanda Show,” “iCarly,” “Victorious” and “Sam & Cat.” One story alleges that crew members were asked to continuously massage Schneider’s neck on set. “Dan deeply regrets asking anyone for neck massages,” Schneider’s representative says in response. “Though they happened in public settings, he knows this was highly inappropriate and would never happen again.”

	










			Popular on Variety		






	One of the biggest names featured in the documentary is Drake Bell, who for the first time, reveals himself to be the John Doe victim in Brian Peck’s child abuse case. Peck worked with Schneider as a acting and dialogue coach on “All That” and “The Amanda Show.” 

In a recent sit down with Variety, co-director Robertson spoke proudly about the years of dedication she poured into the project, saying that, although it’s a difficult subject, she was, “really proud of and excited by the fact that we’re bringing forward more than a dozen sources who have never shared their stories publicly before. And if Ariana Grande or anyone else who was in this universe wants to share more with us, we’re very interested. We reached out to everyone that you might expect for comment and beyond.”

	Stream “Quiet on Set” on Max. Don’t have a subscription to Max? You can also watch the Nickelodeon documentary on Amazon Prime Video. Each episode is available to download for $2.99 on Prime Video or you can purchase the entire season for $9.99 here.
The Business of Entertainment