By HANNAH MCDONALD 
 Published:  15:59, 10 November 2024   |  Updated:  17:00, 10 November 2024   
 87
View  comments
Kaia Gerber oozed glamour in an range of Marc Jacobs gowns as she opened up about people underestimating her intellect. 
The American actress, 23, is the latest star to grace the cover of Vogue as she front its Marc Jacobs December special issue.
As part of the interview, Kaia revealed that people often assume her not to be smart and launch into unnecessary explanations of a wide array of subjects. 
Kaia - who is the daughter of Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber - looked sensational for the Vogue shoot as she donned a collection of chic and quirky gowns. 
She sported an eccentric bouffant hairdo for the shots, with her dark locks teased and styled into an impressive shiny beehive. 
Kaia Gerber oozed glamour in an range of Marc Jacobs gowns as she opened up about people underestimating her intellect on December's Vogue cover
In one snap, Kaia looked chic in a red and white spotted scuba skirt, which was paired with a black boxy blouse complete with a purple floral applique. 
Meanwhile another look saw Kaia sport a whit ruffled halterneck gown, which had a split up the leg, and she paired it with strappy heels. 
Her third ensemble - which donned the front cover - was a blue and pink satin off-the-shoulder gown , which featured a dainty bow at the waist. 
The look was finished with a pair of elbow-length white gloves and Kaia sported a vibrant red lipstick. 
In the interview, Kaia opened up about feeling underestimated and expressed that sometimes she plays dumb to catch people out.
Kaia revealed that often when people ask her if she knows a book or film she'll reply with 'Who? What's that?' to observe the person's response. 
While some catch that it's a joke, Kaia said others will immediately launch into detailed explanations - which gives her an insight into how they see her. 
She said: 'It is quite entertaining…to see them react to me.' 
As part of the interview, Kaia revealed that people often assume her not to be smart and launch into unnecessary explanations of a wide array of subjects
One look saw Kaia sport a whit ruffled halterneck gown, which had a split up the leg, and she paired it with strappy heels
It comes after Kaia put on an elegant display while making an appearance at the glitzy 2024 Academy Museum Gala in Los Angeles last month.
The supermodel, 23 - who recently sported a prosthetic baby bump while filming the second season of Apple TV+'s Palm Royale - joined other stars on the red carpet at the event, such as Kim Kardashian and Ariana Grande.
Kaia wowed in a vintage, Alexander McQueen dress from the fall 1997 haute couture collection for Givenchy, per Vogue.
The gown clung to her toned figure and contained shimmering, beaded details that were embroidered onto the material.
Additional tasseled, beaded pieces could be seen around the scooped neckline and short sleeves of the ensemble.
Kaia put on an elegant display while making an appearance at the glitzy 2024 Academy Museum Gala in Los Angeles  last month
She accessorized the dress with a dainty, silver choker as well as matching, dangly earrings and a silver ring on her right hand
A sheer, long black train flowed down behind the beauty that offered a dramatic flare to the gothic look and also contained sparkling details.
Kaia's brunette locks were parted in the middle, and pulled back into a half up do, allowing the strands to fall down in light curls.
During an interview with Vogue, the daughter of Cindy Crawford opened up about the dress. 'The Academy Gala is a perfect opportunity to pay homage to Old Hollywood.'
'I have always been inspired by Audrey Hepburn, and I love that this was Lee McQueen's darker, gothic version of the very classic My Fair Lady dress.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group