Bobs, be gone!
While the preoccupation 'to chop or not to chop' one's hair into a trending bob has recurred over the last few months, this year's Met Gala will have you debunking any thoughts of committing to a chin-length cut. Enter: The butt-skimming hair trend.
The annual Met Gala took place overnight [6 May, 2024] and while the fashions were as otherworldly as they usually are, it was an unexpected hair trend that had us most surprised. 
Now, I'm no trend forecaster, but as a beauty journalist who's [insert humble brag, here] hot on predicting celebrity red carpet beauty looks (one may liken my eager talents to that of flies flocking to sh*t), today, my forte fell short... womp, womp. In other words, diverting from the seemingly soaring bob brigade takeover (cc. Rita Ora, Sydney Sweeney and Maude Apatow), the 2024 event of the year was inundated with XXL hair looks like never before – and I, master of all beauty linguistic trades, did not see it coming.
But 'why were long locks a go-to hairstyle for this year's Met Gala?', I hear you ask. Well, Anna Wintour, the chair of the annual benefit for the Metropolitan Museum of Art's Costume Institute since 1999, dictated the theme as “Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion,” to which guests followed a dress code, named “The Garden of Time” – a nod to JG Ballard’s 1962 tale. In short, the story details Count Axel, his Countess and their dwindling garden as an angry mob descends on their peaceful home and nursery of crystalline flowers.
For you and I, this translated into celebrity red carpet looks that channelled whimsical, ethereal and pre-Raphaelite-length hair. We saw this with a number of beauty looks, including those of Ariana Grande, Da'Vine Joy, Serena Williams, Madelyn Cline and more.
The institute itself described the exhibition as “a metaphor for the fragility and ephemerality of fashion and a vehicle to examine the cyclical themes of rebirth and renewal.”
And so, with that in mind, we think it's only plausible to applaud those sleeping beauties who really did awaken fashion with the accessory of hair. After all, nothing says “iconography related to nature” more than uncut lengths, right?
Having said all that, we must question whether or not this boom of butt-skimming red carpet hair will transcend into an everyday, wearable trend for the spring/summer 24 season. I guess only time will tell...
Follow Lia on Instagram.
 Lia Mappoura (she/her) is the Beauty Writer at Cosmopolitan UK. Covering everything from viral celebrity hair and makeup news to the latest trend predictions, she’s an expert in recognising the season’s next big beauty look (before it ends up all over your social media feeds). You’ll usually find her putting TikTok’s recent beauty hacks to the Hype Test, challenging the gender-makeup binary and social stereotypes, or fangirling over the time Kourtney Kardashian viewed her Instagram Story (yes, it’s true). Find her also on LinkedIn.
The most revealing Met Gala naked dresses *ever*
Why Blake and Ryan are skipping the 2025 Met Gala
Is this why Tom Holland missed the Met Gala?
The best Met Gala after party fashion
Dove Cameron's Met Gala dress is a floral dream
Ayo Edebiri's floral Met Gala gown is beautiful
Rita Ora's Met Gala look is basically naked
 Anna Wintour apologises for 2024 Met Gala theme
Pam just wore makeup for the first time in months!
Tyla, Pam & more wow at their first ever Met Gala
Cara is a sparkly spaceman at the 2024 Met Gala
Kim K wore a corset and cardigan to the Met Gala
Cosmopolitan, Part of the Hearst UK Fashion & Beauty Network
Cosmopolitan participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England 112955. All Rights Reserved.