Beyonce has sent her fans wild as she made a shock Olympics appearance to introduce Team USA.
The singing sensation is throwing her support behind the US as she's shared a video and photos supporting the team. The mum-of-three can be seen wearing an embellished USA leotard along with a matching jacket in some photos.
She's gone for a full glam makeup look along with platinum blonde locks. She's even finished off her look with blue and white shoes covered in patriotic stars.
Friends and fans of the star took to the comments of her Instagram post to show their excitement. One said: "Bey's timing for everything she does is next-level. This whole presentation was perfect and on time!"
A second commented: "Let’s hear it for Captain Beyoncé! YA YA!!!," while another added: "Wow we already won when Beyonce is the gold medal." Others joked they were getting in the spirit when they aren't even American. A fan wrote: "Why do I feel proud to be American I am not American," with another saying: "I’m not even from the USA and this made me feel patriotic."
Several celebrities have been getting in the Olympic spirit, with many attending the opening ceremony in Paris. Singers Ariana Grande and Pharrell Williams were among the stars who arrived in Paris where the Olympics opening ceremony took place.
The main event was held in the heart of the city, along its main artery, the Seine, and pop singer Lady Gaga showed off her singing skills by performing. Appearing at a red carpet event at the Trocadero, Williams, 51, wore a Louis Vuitton jumper paired with black shorts and a beige cap.
Meanwhile Yes, And? singer Grande, 31, opted to wear a light pink dress adorned with a bow and white gloves. Standing alongside her was her Wicked co-star Cynthia Erivo who plays Elphaba in the forthcoming musical movie in which Grande stars as Glinda. The London-born actress, 37, wore an emerald green strapless dress with a hat, gold jewellery and matching green nails.
Lady Gaga performed a version of Edith Piaf’s La Vie en Rose alongside Celine Dion as part of the conclusion to the first ever opening ceremony staged outside a stadium. Among the other stars pictured in front of the Eiffel Tower was The Vampire Diaries actress Nina Dobrev.
Braving the rain on Friday afternoon was editor in chief of American Vogue Anna Wintour and film director Baz Luhrmann. Musician John Legend also appeared at the event, alongside his wife and TV presenter Chrissy Teigen.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok , Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.