The organisers of Taylor Swift's Eras tour were forced to cancel three sold-out concerts in Vienna after a suspected terror plot.
Swifties who had spent thousands travelling across the globe to see the US superstar were left devastated, however the country's Interior Minister Gerhard Karner said a "tragedy was prevented." Taylor had been due to perform at Ernst Happel Stadium on Thursday, Friday and Saturday.
Concert organiser Barracuda Music said in an Instagram post late on Wednesday that they had "no choice but to cancel the three scheduled shows for everyone's safety." Police confirmed two suspected extremists had been arrested following the planned attack - a 19-year-old Austrian citizen who is believed to have become radicalised on the internet, along with another 17-year-old.
Speaking of the 19-year-old suspect, Omar Haijawi-Pirchner, head of the Directorate of State Security and Intelligence, said he was "clearly radicalised in the direction of the Islamic State and thinks it is right to kill infidels." Austria's Vice-Chancellor Werner Kogler wrote on social media platform X, formerly Twitter: "For many, a dream has been shattered today.
"On three evenings in Vienna, tens of thousands of #Swifties should have celebrated life together. I am very sorry that you were denied this. Swifties stick together, hate and terror can’t destroy that." Here, the Mirror takes a look at the disturbing details of the foiled plot that comes just a week after three young girls were killed at a Taylor Swift-themed dance class in Southport...
The 19-year-old main suspect, who has North Macedonian roots, was arrested in Ternitz, south of Vienna, and the second person, a 17-year-old Austrian citizen with Turkish and Croatian roots, in the capital. Both suspects appear to have been inspired by the Islamic State (IS) group and al Qaida, Austrian authorities said on Thursday.
Investigators found bomb-making materials at one of the suspect's homes, and officials said one of the pair confessed to planning to "kill as many people as possible outside the concert venue". Officials told reporters that the 19-year-old began working on attack plans in July, and only a few weeks ago had uploaded to the internet an oath of allegiance to the current leader of the IS group militia.
Authorities also found IS and al Qaida material at the home of the second suspect. The 19-year-old reportedly planned to drive a car into the 20,000 fans standing outside the Ernst Happel Stadium during the concerts before attacking with machetes and knives.
During a raid on his home in Ternitz, south of Vienna, investigators found chemical substances and technical devices that indicated "concrete preparatory acts", said Franz Ruf, director-general for public security at the Interior Ministry.
The second suspect, who was arrested by special police forces near the stadium, has been employed just a few days ago by a company providing services at the venue for the concerts. The suspects' names were not released in line with Austrian privacy rules.
"The situation was serious, the situation is serious. But we can also say a tragedy was prevented," Interior Minister Gerhard Karner said. Austrian Chancellor Karl Nehammer posted on X "the cancellation of the Taylor Swift concerts by the organisers is a bitter disappointment for all fans in Austria".
“The situation surrounding the apparently planned terror attack in Vienna was very serious," he wrote. But added that thanks to intensive cooperation between police and Austrian and foreign intelligence, "the threat could be recognised early on, tackled and a tragedy prevented".
The Vienna stadium had been sold out for the planned concerts, APA reported, with an estimated 170,000 fans expected at the Austrian shows. Barracuda Music said "all tickets will be automatically refunded within the next 10 business days".
The star is expected to perform five concerts at London’s Wembley Stadium between August 15 and 20 to close the European leg of her record-setting Eras Tour, and London Mayor Sadiq Khan says the UK’s capital will "carry on" hosting. "We have a huge amount of experience in policing these events, we’re never complacent, many lessons were learned after the awful Manchester Arena attack," he told Sky News.
"The police work closely, not just with City Hall, but with councils, but also with those who host concerts, like the Taylor Swift concert coming up over the next couple of weeks." He added: "I'm sure Vienna has got its own reasons to cancel the concerts, we’re going to carry on, working closely with police (and) ensuring that the Taylor Swift concerts can take place in London safely."
The cancellations came just over a week after a frenzied stabbing attack in the north-west England seaside town of Southport during a Taylor Swift-themed summer holiday dance and yoga class, in which three young girls were killed and 10 others injured. A 17-year-old boy has been charged with murder.
In 2017, an attack at an Ariana Grande concert in Manchester killed 22 people. Suicide bomber Salman Abedi detonated a backpack bomb in Manchester Arena at the end of the show as thousands of young fans were leaving. More than 100 people were injured. Abedi died in the explosion.
An official inquiry reported in 2023 that Britain’s domestic intelligence agency, MI5, did not act swiftly enough on key information and missed a significant opportunity to prevent the bombing, the deadliest extremist attack in the UK in recent years.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.