Listen this article
Your browser does not support the audio tag.
The singer with the most followers on Instagram added last week a photo to her account showing her new tattoo. It was the title, in Japanese, of her latest single, "7 rings", in the palm of her hand. After she posted it, her fans made her realize that her tattoo meant another thing. The artist would have tattooed the two Japanese pictograms that separately translated "7" and "ring", but together they translated "shichirin", which is a small Japanese barbecue grill. After noticing her mistake, Ariana Grande eliminated the publication. Many offered her to fix her tattoo and, after a few days, she published in her Instagram stories the solution: make a heart and a third pictogram. We bring you some recommendations so that what happened to Ariana does not happen to you, and, if it happens, you know how to fix it.
i’ll give y’all a million to get off my nuts https://t.co/7yMyP0eHtt
— Ariana Grande (@ArianaGrande) 2 de febrero de 2019
Amanda Wachob, tattoo artist based in New York, in an interview for Man Repeller, recommends to those who are thinking of getting a tattoo that they "Definitely research your artist, and have them make something unique just for you. It’s never good to ask a tattoo artist to copy someone else’s work, it’s best to seek out that artist directly, even if it means traveling to them or waiting for awhile before you can get something." For many tattoo artists, it is important that the client find his style in an artist.
Christie Terranova, on the other hand, recommends first-timers to consider the price of the tattoo: "You definitely get what you pay for. Tattoos are expensive. I know it sounds redundant to say, but they’re permanent. Pay the money. It’s worth it. Also, above all, the people who are tattooing are artists." It is essential, then, to get a tattoo artist with whom you feel comfortable and be willing to pay the price of a good piece.
In summary, it is essential to know the artist very well, to become familiar with his or her style and with prices. It is also important to know your resistance to pain and, based on this, choose the size and place of the body in which you will get your tattoo. A good communication with your tattoo artist is fundamental when it comes to understanding the ideas of each other
For lovely @januaryjones 
Una publicación compartida de  Amanda Wachob (@amandawachob) el 21 Dic, 2018 a las 8:50 PST
To keep in mind in the future
Wachob also recommends getting rid of the mistake of thinking that the tattoo will not age. Like everything on the body, the tattoo deteriorates over time, no matter how good the artist or the ink. So after getting a tattoo you should assume that it will fade with time and that maybe you should touch it up.
Regarding the immediate care of the tattoo, tattoo artists have different opinions about it. Pay attention to yours and trust your criteria. They all agree that alcohol makes blood thinner and can hinder healing. Remember that the tattoo is a wound that must be attended to during its healing.
In case of an error
Olivia Kim says: "It’s not the most important decision in your life, so be a bit free with it. Have fun! What is the worst thing that could happen? You hate it or regret it? You can just as easily remove tattoos these days as get them." While the artist's research is crucial and being sure to do it is very important, we all change our opinion and style many times in the course of our life.
It is absolutely normal that you stop liking a tattoo that you made years ago. It can also happen that what you tattooed does not mean the same thing a few years later. The cases of other celebrities who have tattooed with their partners  and corrected them later are known. The "Winona Forever" turned into "Wino Forever" by Johnny Depp is very famous, as well as those of the same Ariana Grande, who was tattooed twice with her fiancé Pete Davidson, with whom she broke up a few months ago.
If this was the case, there are two options. On the one hand, as Kim says, removing a tattoo is very easy. However, it is somewhat more expensive and more painful than tattooing. So this must be considered before choosing this option. The laser treatment is done in several sessions in which the tattoo is cleared until it disappears. On the other hand, it can be covered with another tattoo. This is a challenge that many tattoo artists enjoy because it tests their creativity. So think it over, but also do not hesitate so much when it comes to getting a tattoo.
LatinaAmerican Post | Juliana Rodríguez Pabón
Translated from "¿Qué necesitas saber antes de tatuarte?"
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Current ye@r *




Leave this field empty


Δ