Selena Gomez will always leave a blank space on the playlist for a certain Taylor Swift song.
The Only Murders in the Building star revealed that when it comes to her longtime BFF's many, many hits, she thinks "Wildest Dreams" stands above the rest.
"I think this is one of her, if not, I mean I guess I shouldn't say this, but I do think it's one of her best songs," Selena explained while guest-hosting Sirius XM Hits 1. "It's incredibly well done. The lyrics, everything. Just the melodies—it's one of my favorites that no matter when it comes on, I will just blast it in any mood I'm in."
During her guest DJ outing, she also played tracks by Doja Cat, Frank Sinatra and Ariana Grande, with her sharing exactly why she loves the "yes, and?" singer like a love song as well.
"I cannot do anything fun without listening to Ariana," Selena gushed. "I feel so empowered, and I think she's incredible and I just have so much fun, so I'm the girl that's playing Ariana all the time and I think people kind of notice that, but I love it. I think she's amazing."
While the "Single Soon" artist had no trouble calling out the 1989 track as her favorite Taylor song, Selena has struggled to pick her favorite Taylor album. This became pretty clear to the 31-year-old when trying to dress in theme when attending the "Anti-Hero" singer's Eras tour twice last year with her little sister, Gracie Elliott Teefey.
"I can't pick one," Selena explained in an interview with Most Requested Live last fall. "I love all the eras. It took me back in time, especially because I've lived so much life with her, so I felt like my entire childhood was flashing before my eyes and my 20s." The Disney alum continued, "I think the whole idea of creating those moments for each album is really special, so I can't pick a favorite. I really loved it all."
For more supportive BFF love, read on to revisit some of Taylor and Selena's sweetest moments together:
Summer Selfie
Selena shared this pic with her BFF days after they reunited at the 2023 MTV VMAs.
Kisses
Taylor kisses her bestie.
VMAs Reunion
The two reunite at the 2023 event.
The pair celebrate Independence Day together with friends at Taylor's party.
The two pose for a pic at Taylor's 2023 party.
Selena celebrates her 30th birthday with friends, including Taylor, 32.
Selena writes on her Instagram, "30, nerdy and worthy."
"I'm grateful for those I surround myself with. And this woman right here happens to be one of my favorites. Love our tradition and I love you," wrote the "Hands to Myself" singer in a sweet Instagram pic posted the day after their reputation show.
Reuniting onstage for the "Look What You Made Me Do" singer's Rose Bowl concert, the longtime besties serenade the crowd with Gomez's hit "Hands to Myself."
They share a sweet moment onstage at Taylor's reputation tour concert at the Rose Bowl in Pasadena, Calif. in May 2018.
The two arrive at the 2016 Grammy Awards.
The BFFs hug at the 2016 Grammy Awards.
During the 2016 iHeartRadio Music Awards, the iconic pair pose with "Starlight" singer Serayah.
The two embrace during the 2016 iHeartRadio Music Awards.
The "Bad Liar" singer gives her bestie a tight hug backstage of the 2016 iHeartRadio Music Awards. That night, Swift won four awards—Female Artist, Tour, Meme-able Moment and Album—and Gomez won TripleThreat.
The two perform onstage during Swift's 1989 tour show in Los Angeles on Aug. 26, 2015.
They also hit up the 2015 MTV VMAs.
"Happy birthday my nugget. #girlsnighttothefullest," writes the "Wolves" singer on Instagram for Cabello's special day.
In celebration of Camila Cabello's 18th birthday in 2015, the "Havana" singer surrounds herself with famous friends, including the "Delicate" pop star, the "Back to You" singer, Jaime King, Hailee Steinfeld, Sarah Hyland, Joey King, Hayley Williams and the Haim sisters.
The two hang out at the 2014 American Music Awards.
They know they both got it.
The two hang out at the 2014 Met Gala, as seen in this Instagram video.
Taylena joins Nicki Minaj and Katy Perry at the 2011 American Music Awards.
Are they out of the woods yet? In a funny Instagram post, the besties pose in major greenery and joke about Swift's 2016 hit.
At the 2011 American Music Awards, the stars have some fun and make their 3-D glasses and neon sticks look glamorous.
The singers hang out at the 2011 American Music Awards.
Taylena look adorable at the premiere of Another Cinderella Story in 2008.
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.