Superstar Lady GaGa has been spotted rehearsing her elaborate set for the Paris Olympics opening ceremony despite weather forecasts indicating it will be a washout. The star is employing eight dancers to assist in the performance and they are utilising large pink feathered fans, surrounding the singer to dramatic effect.
Their synchronised use of the prop gives a striking effect from overhead, akin to the classic Busby Berkley choreography from the Hollywood musicals of the 1930s. However, her show may well have a dampener put on it as Meteo-France, the French weather service, has predicted "flooding rains", which is the equivalent of 15 days of rainfall, for this evening.
The downpour is due to fall between 6pm and midnight which will coincide with the opening ceremony taking place alongside the River Seine. The situation has been described as a "disaster" by one meteorologist.
Hermance Bonjasson, 42, told MailOnline: "I'm embarrassed that the world sees us like this. This should be a very proud day for France, not a day for sadness and annoyance."
More than 300,000 spectators are expected to line the banks of the river to observe the athletes parade on barges and riverboats. However earlier today the city's transport was plunged into chaos as its vital train line was targeted by vandals carrying out "malicious acts."
  READ MORE:    Graziano di Prima 'under medical supervision' after being axed from Strictly  
They lit fires at key facilities earlier today, bringing trains to a halt and affecting 800,000 passengers trying to get to the games including athletes and spectators.
Several high-speed lines surrounding Paris have been hit leading to delays and causing issues for people trying to get to the location.
However, it appears the weather may be the most challenging obstacle for the opening ceremony. By late afternoon, skies were already grey and there was intermittent drizzle. Images from Paris show spectators who arrived early wearing rain ponchos to shelter from the inclement weather.
"It's going to be a disaster for these few hours. I've been running models for two hours, going full circle, comparing all weather models, but unfortunately, everything is confirming this trend for the start and the end of this evening. We won't be able to avoid it [the rain]," the head of independent weather forecaster Agate Meteo, said on RMC radio.
  Don't miss...     Tim Roth details stage fright and being a d*** on set in the past  [EXCLUSIVE]     This Morning vet opens up on the key advice Paul O'Grady gave him  [EXCLUSIVE]     Comedian Joe McTernan shares unexpected support from Lorraine Kelly  [EXCLUSIVE] 
We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy
Despite the issues the opening ceremony will go ahead as planned and celebrities have been arriving for it throughout the afternoon.
Wicked stars Cynthia Erivo and Ariana Grande posed together with the Eiffel Tower in the background ahead of the show.
R&B star John Legend and wife Chrissy Teigen are also in attendance. Vogue legend Anna Wintour and film director Baz Luhrmann were spotted attending an event in Paris the night before the ceremony.
Meanwhile, Celine Dion has also been spotted in the city and is believed to be performing at the ceremony marking her first live performance since she announced her Stiff Person Syndrome (SPS) diagnosis in 2022.
Naturally, the stars of the show are the athletes who are competing and their usual march into a stadium has been given a twist as they will parade on more than 90 boats on the River Seine instead.
SEARCH
CONNECT WITH US
TODAY'S PAPER
 See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive.
EXPRESS.CO.UK
Daily Express uses notifications to keep you updated