Singer Ariana Grande has hit back at critics, claiming she was branded an "evil diva" after achieving too much success.
The 31 year old pop sensation, who first found fame on the Nickelodeon show 'Victorious', opened up to Vanity Fair about the challenges of being in the public eye and how her image has been manipulated over time.
She reflected: "The back-and-forth throughout the course of my career has been really hard to navigate mentally." Grande recalled her earlier days: "I was this approachable, funny redhead on Nickelodeon and everyone liked me. And then I had one too many hit records, and everyone decided that I was an evil diva."
The singer also touched on how her reputation shifted amid personal tragedies: "And then other terrible things happened, and all of a sudden I was this hero and this victim." She suggested that there's been a concerted effort by some media outlets to tarnish her reputation since her late teens, saying some corners of the media have been trying "have been trying to destroy [her] since [she] was 19 years old".
Despite the negativity, Grande stands firm: "But you know what? I'm 31 years old and I'm not a perfect person, but I am definitely deeply good, and I'm proud of who I'm becoming." Currently facing scrutiny for her altered speaking voice post-filming the movie 'Wicked', Grande addressed the criticism head-on, explaining the dedication required to transform vocally for a role and highlighting the double standards faced by women in the industry compared to their male counterparts.
She remarked: "When it's a male actor that does it, it's acclaimed. There are definitely jokes that are made as well, but it's always after being led with praise: 'Oh, wow, he was so lost in the role'." Commenting on the industry standards, she added, "And that's just a part of the job, really. Tale as old as time being a woman in this industry. You are treated differently, and you are under a microscope in a way that some people aren't."
This comes after she notably shifted vocal tones on Penn Badgley's 'Podcrushed' podcast over the summer. Explaining her chameleon-like vocal skills on TikTok at that time, she highlighted that her voice alteration is "intentionally" done based on her singing workload. Further elaborating to Vanity Fair, she included: "It's something that I'm just really proud of. Part of why I did want to engage [on TikTok] is because I am really proud of my hard work and of the fact that I did give 100 percent of myself, including my physicality, to this role. I am proud of that, so I wanted to protect it."
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.