Drew Barrymore admitted she’s been warned to keep her hands to herself during interviews on her eponymous talk show.
The “Charlie’s Angels” actress, 49, made the admission while chatting with Cynthia Erivo, 37, about the “Wicked” star’s touchy-feely ways with co-star Ariana Grande on Tuesday’s episode of “The Drew Barrymore Show.” 
“Is it true that she is as touchy?” Barrymore asked Erivo about the pop star before discussing her own habits.
“I’m so touchy!” Barrymore confessed. “People have to warn me. They’re like, ‘Back off a little bit.’ I’m like, ‘Why?’”
Barrymore has made headlines for being too affectionate with her talk show guests, including Martha Stewart and Oprah Winfrey.
During Tuesday’s episode, Erivo explained that she is now “used to” Grande’s constant physical touch. 
“If it’s not, like, connected, I’m like, ‘What’s wrong? What’s happening? Where are you?’” Erivo admitted. “We walk hand in hand very often. Like, if we’re not walking hand in hand, we’ll find each other somewhere.”
Ervivo believes that people are often afraid of physical connection. 
“I think we assume that physical connection can only be romantic,” she said, to which Barrymore agreed.
Erivo also detailed the different ways that Grande turns to touch to communicate with her. 
“Sometimes you can’t say anything and you’re in a room and you’re like, it’s just a squeeze of a hand. And that sometimes is how she and I communicate,” she said. “We might be talking to someone, or I might need to communicate something to her and it’s just a squeeze of a hand or a pinch of the finger. Or a hug.”
Ervio then defended Grande, 31, for her prevalent pawing, saying that’s what works for their relationship. 
“However we need to communicate is how we need to communicate,” Erivo said. “And I think we don’t give enough credit to how we need to communicate with our friends physically.”
Barrymore agreed, suggesting that she would like to see a world in which people “could all be more comfortable with physical touch.”
The former child star didn’t hold back from making contact with Erivo during their chat and welcomed her with a big hug.
“I was just hugging you just now and I thought, ‘I am so lucky to embrace and actually physically be near someone who is breaking records,'” Barrymore told the actress, referring to how the Universal Studios movie has become the highest grossing film based on a Broadway musical. 
Erivo responded enthusiastically by grabbing Barrymore’s hand. 
The “7 Rings” singer’s handsy interactions with Erivo during the promotion of their musical film have inspired a slew of memes and parodies across the internet. 
In the film, which premiered on Nov. 22, Erivo portrays Elphaba, the Wicked Witch of the West, while Grande plays Glinda, the Good Witch. 
Advertisement