Broadway + NYC
Broadway
Off-Broadway
Off-Off Broadway
Cabaret
Dance
Opera
Classical Music
United States
Eastern
Central
Western
Minneapolis / St. Paul
Connecticut
Atlanta
Chicago
Los Angeles
Central New York
West End
WEST END
UK Regional
International
Canada
Australia / New Zealand
Europe
Asia
Latin America
Africa / Middle East
Entertainment
TV/Movies
Music
The Length of The WICKED Film is as Long as the Whole Stage Show
POPULAR
With Wicked flying into theaters in only two short months, the runtime for the first part of the film has surfaced. According to movie theater listings on websites such as Fandango and AMC, part one of Wicked will be a whopping 2 hours and 40 minutes. 
Since this information was discovered, X users have rightfully pointed out that this is about the same as the runtime for both acts of the Broadway musical. According to the official website, Wicked runs 2 hours and 45 minutes, including one 15-minute intermission.
When it was originally announced that the film adaptation of Wicked would be split into two parts, there was a wave of pushback from Broadway fans and movie buffs alike. Many felt it an unnecessary decision, despite director Jon M. Chu's claim that allowing for more space would give the filmmakers a chance to "tell the story of Wicked as it was meant to be told."
In recent months, Chu along with others like producer Marc Platt and Nessarose actress Marissa Bode have also expressed that the extended runtime helps character development. Platt revealed this decision allows for Part One to focus on Elphaba with Part Two centering more on Glinda.
In terms of the rest of the runtime, one can guess that it will give room for more world-building, new characters, and additional background information that, hopefully, enriches the Wicked experience. Viewers will be able to that judgment on November 22 when the film hits theaters.
The Wicked film adaptation stars Cynthia Erivo as Elphaba and Ariana Grande as Glinda. Joining them is Jonathan Bailey as Fiyero, Ethan Slater as Boq, Michelle Yeoh as Madame Morrible, and Jeff Goldblum as the Wizard. 
Marissa Bode will portray Nessarose, Elphaba's younger sister. The cast of characters also includes Pfannee and ShenShen, two conniving compatriots of Glinda played by Emmy nominee Bowen Yang (Saturday Night Live) and Bronwyn James (Harlots), and a new character created for the film, Miss Coddle, played by Tony nominee Keala Settle (The Greatest Showman). Aaron Teoh joins as Avaric with Michael Carmichael as Nikidik. Emmy-Winner Peter Dinklage is set to play Dr. Dillamond in the film.
Part One of the film will be released on November 22, 2024, with the second part hitting theaters on November 21, 2025. Pre-save the official soundtrack here. Also, be sure to check out BroadwayWorld's comprehensive guide to the Wicked movie!
Inside a one-room apartment on the outskirts of Seoul, Oliver lives a happily quiet life listening to jazz records and caring for his favorite plant. But what else is there to do when you’re a HelperBot 3, a robot that has long been retired and considered obsolete? When his fellow HelperBot neighbor Claire asks to borrow his charger, what starts as an awkward encounter leads to a unique friendship, a surprising adventure, and maybe even...love?
In a recent interview, Jeff Goldblum shared a bit about the musical number 'Wonderful,' which he performs in Wicked: For Good alongside Cynthia Erivo.
Jeremy Jordan has joined the ranks of Amanda Seyfried, Cristin Milioti, and other talented performers who are speaking out about their Wicked movie auditions.
The Cinema Foundation has confirmed that attendees of their Sneak Peek Showcase, which plays in theaters on April 22 and April 24, may be the first people outside of CinemaCon to see the first trailer for Wicked: For Good. 
A new version of the Wicked soundtrack will be released tonight at midnight, which features cast and filmmaker commentary, including from Ariana Grande and Cynthia Erivo. 
Videos
Recommended For You
Sign up for announcements, and exclusive discounts on tickets to your favorite shows!
© 2025 - Copyright Wisdom Digital Media, all rights reserved. Privacy Policy