Emily Ratajkowski recently stripped off for a steamy music video with Travis Scott that showed her thrusting the air and rolling around in bed wearing nothing but underwear.
In the video, Emily could be seen wearing a skimpy black lingerie set as the pair writhed around in bed. At one point, the rapper cheekily tugged at her underwear as he mouthed along to the lyrics.
READ MORE: Kim Kardashian selling G-string so skimpy it 'won't cover anything' in the front
READ MORE: Selena Gomez accepts weight gain and says she will 'never look like' former self
For other steamy clips, Ratajkowski wore a sports bra and teeny shorts as she rested her back on the exercise equipment and thrusted her hips into the air. Throughout the video, Emily played Scott’s love interest and the model was seen throughout the house.
In some scenes, Rata mirrored Travis’ actions as he ate a burger, sipped on a takeaway drink and walked through the luxurious mansion for the music video. Later on, a saucy scene in the bedroom illustrated Travis’ torment between the two girls featured in the clip, played by Emily and model Anok Yai.
The video was released on 23 January and has already amassed millions of views, with many fans flocking to the comment section of the official YouTube video to share their thoughts.
One person said: “These visuals were absolutely spot on to match the song…beautiful work,” while another said they loved how “everything in the song was portrayed”. Anok also posted clips of herself from the music video on her Instagram, where Emily left her a crown emoji in the comment section.
Many fans also flocked to Reddit to post speculations about the video’s message as many assumed Em Rata’s appearance was intended to “shade” the mother of Travis’ child, Kylie Jenner. One person typed: “She plays Kylie in his video,” as one critic hypothesised that the model has something against the Kardashian family.
They said: “Em Rata really seems to hate the Kardashians. I had a theory she did the Pete Davidson [and] Em Rata photo op to show us how fake the relationship was so we realise that the relationship between Pete and Kim was fake as well.”
Someone else even claimed that they thought she had been “friends with Kim in the past” but “now they don’t know” and they think Emily is “angry because Kendall is always copying her”.
Have you joined Threads? Follow Daily Star to keep up to date on all things showbiz here
For more of the latest showbiz news from Daily Star, make sure you sign up to one of our newsletters here.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.