By 

	Clayton Davis

Senior Awards Editor

	Before you turn in your Emmy ballots, voters, please don’t forget about the Latinos… again.

	This year’s acting ballots show 1,957 actors were submitted in all the Emmy performer categories, including the main lead and supporting races in drama and comedy, guest acting and short form. Of those, at least 110 Latino actors (and possibly up to half a dozen more) are vying for consideration. That’s less than 6% (the same acceptance rate as Ivy League university Dartmouth College). At the same time, according to the 2020 Census data, the U.S. population is 19% Hispanic, the second-largest racial or ethnic group in the country. So, why doesn’t the entertainment landscape reflect that?

	When assessing the 16 acting categories with 94 slots up for grabs, the best-case scenario for Latinos based on Variety‘s Emmy projections could be five nods, and none of those feel like a “lock.” There’s a variation where zero are recognized. I can already hear the audible groans and sighs of those “tired of hearing about diversity.” Trust me, we’re more tired of talking about it, but change isn’t happening fast enough, and the numbers don’t lie.

	In the history of the three major acting awards ceremonies, Latinos have won five Oscars (96 years), 10 Emmys (76 years) and 10 Tonys (77 years).

	Latinos have long been underrepresented in film, television and awards shows, a disparity that has garnered increasing attention and calls for change in recent years. Despite Latinos making up a significant and growing portion of the U.S. population, their presence in the entertainment industry remains disproportionately low, both in front of and behind the camera.

	The TV Academy Board of Governors elected Cris Abrego as its chair earlier this year, the first Latino to lead the organization, offering a sliver of hope for real change and future representation. But alas, we must offer these “reminders” that Latinos are not invisible and are fighting to be seen in Hollywood.

	This year’s Latino acting possibilities come in all genres and corners of the entertainment world, such as Bad Bunny, who is among the guest comedy actor candidates for hosting “Saturday Night Live.” Many contenders mostly come from streamers and network procedural dramas and comedies. Apple’s “Acapulco” put up 11 actors, including Eugenio Derbez, while NBC has a roster that includes the legend George Lopez. A few double-bid candidates are among the names, such as Néstor Carbonell, Camila Mendes, Frankie Quiñones, and Jaime Camil.

	On June 13, Emmy winner and lead drama actor hopeful John Leguizamo (The Network’s “The Green Veil”) took out a full-page advertisement in the New York Times, pleading, if not begging, the Television Academy to “embrace change.”

	“Dear Hollywood,” Leguizamo’s letter started. “Please let this be the year we finally embrace change. The year we truly find equity and see artists of color represented across not just one category but ALL categories.”

	Hopefully, before voting closes at 10 p.m. PST, members will heed Leguizamo’s words, and a handful (or more) of incredibly talented actors can find their way to recognition.

	Read Variety’s list of 16 actors to consider before turning in ballots below (in alphabetical order). 

	The Emmy nominations will be announced on July 17. The Creative Arts and Governors Gala ceremonies will occur over two nights on Sept. 7-8. The 76th Primetime Emmy Awards will air on ABC on Sunday, Sept. 15.

Read: All Primetime Emmy predictions in every category on Variety’s Awards Circuit.

Honorable mentions: Chris Estrada — “This Fool” (Hulu); Eiza González – “3 Body Problem” (Netflix); Ariana Greenblatt — “Ahsoka” (Disney+); Harvey Guillén – “What We Do in the Shadows” (FX); George Lopez – “Lopez vs. Lopez” (NBC); Justina Machado — “The Horror of Dolores Roach” (Prime Video); Wagner Moura — “Mr. and Mrs. Smith” (Prime Video); Jenna Ortega – “Finestkind” (Paramount+); Gina Rodriguez — “Not Dead Yet” (ABC); Ramón Rodríguez — “Will Trent” (ABC); Ruby Ruiz — “Expats” (Prime Video); Zoe Saldaña — “Special Ops: Lioness” (Paramount+); Josh Segarra – “The Big Door Prize” (Apple TV+)

	Category: Supporting actor in a drama series

	Arias plays Norm MacLean in Prime Video’s video game adaptation helmed by Jonathan Nolan, and with limited screen time, he makes an impression. This wouldn’t surprise you if you’ve paid attention to his standout turns in films like “The Kings of Summer” (2013) and “The King of Staten Island” (2020). With the show likely among the top five nominated series (according to our projections), why shouldn’t he come along for the ride?

	Category: Guest Actor in a Drama Series

	Cuban actor Néstor Carbonell, known for his performances in TV dramas like “Bates Motel” and “Lost,” as well as films including Christopher Nolan’s “The Dark Knight,” plays an essential role in the pilot episode of FX’s drama series “Shōgun.” In the episode “Anjin,” Carbonell portrays Vasco Rodrigues, a Spanish pilot who sails from Portugal and introduces Blackthorne (Cosmo Jarvis) to the Japanese. His character’s strong and unpredictable nature adds depth and intrigue, setting the stage for the epic. Carbonell is also in the running for his role in Apple’s “The Morning Show,” where he is among the names for supporting drama actor.

	Category: Supporting actress in a comedy series

	One of my favorite moments from the second season of “The Bear” is when Sydney (Ayo Edebiri) tells Tina, played by the endearing Colón-Zayas, that she’ll be sending her to cooking school. The way the joy rests upon her brow, the hug that follows, with the tears welling up in her eyes—you can’t teach that in acting school. That’s much deeper. A lineup without her would be unforgivable.

	Category: Lead actress in a drama series

	The Puerto Rican, Taíno, Cuban and African actress who has impressed audiences for nearly three decades gives her all as the Disney+ drama series’ titular lightsaber-yielding warrior. An actor’s actor who hasn’t received her proper due despite worthy turns in film and TV, wouldn’t “Ahsoka” marking her first major piece of notoriety make amazing headlines?

	Category: Supporting actor in a comedy series

	Mexican actor/director/writer/producer Derbez can do anything. His company, 3Pas, oversees high-quality small screen and theatrical distribution, including his Apple TV+ comedy series “Acapulco.” In the English- and Spanish-language show, he plays Maximo, a successful mogul living in Malibu. Well-known in Latin America, and with the show dropping in May, he could be a dark horse candidate for a spot.

	Category: Lead actress in a comedy series

	The “Only Murders in the Building” star has proven her acting prowess and demonstrated her versatility as a comedic performer in the Hulu mystery romp. Gomez’s role as Mabel has been one of the show’s bright spots. Only three Latinas have been nominated in the lead actress comedy category at the Emmys: Rita Moreno (who was nominated in 1983 for “9 to 5”), America Ferrera (who won in 2007 for “Ugly Betty” and received another nom in 2008) and Jenna Ortega (last year for “Wednesday”). Also serving as one of the executive producers, she’ll become the most nominated Latina producer in a comedy series if “Only Murders” picks up another nom. Now, that’s some history.

	Category: Lead actor in a comedy series

	The first and only Afro-Latino to win the lead actor (limited) category in 2019 for his masterful turn in “When They See Us,” Jerome has two separate bids on the ballot this year. The first is in the HBO/Max limited series “Full Circle” in supporting actor (limited), and the other is his work in the absurdist comedy “I’m a Virgo.” Created by Boots Riley, Jerome plays Cootie, a 13-foot-tall 19-year-old who is shielded from the world until he’s discovered. 

	Category: Supporting actress in a limited or anthology series or TV movie

	Hayek is the most-nominated Latina producer in the comedy series category for ABC’s “Ugly Betty” in 2007 and 2008. In the sixth season of the anthology “Black Mirror” series, Hayek delivered a memorable turn as “herself” in the buzzy episode “Joan Is Awful” opposite Annie Murphy. While there’s tough competition in the supporting actress (limited) category, the Oscar nominee of “Frida” conveys she’s still got the chops for incredible acting moments. Let’s give her more to do, shall we?

	Category: Lead actor in a drama series

	An Emmy winner, Leguizamo has fought relentlessly and fearlessly for Latino representation. He’s in the race for lead drama actor for one of the best turns of his career in the sci-fi drama “The Green Veil.” As a brutal FBI agent, the Colombian actor and producer continues to excel with his work, raising the bar for himself and aspiring Latino performers. He also has a well-respected co-star, John Ortiz, a beloved character performer in the acting work, who is listed as a contender for supporting drama actor. 

	Category: Supporting actor in a comedy series

	“SNL” may have had a rough 49th season, but do you know who didn’t? Cuban and Dominican featured cast member Marcello Hernández. Only in his second season on the show, he’s made brilliant stops by the “Weekend Update” desk, such as his “short king” plea. As a result, he’s garnered some of the biggest laughs, making the most of nearly every moment he’s offered. 

	Category: Supporting actress in a limited or anthology series or TV movie

	Jessica Gunning has been the talk of the town for her work as Martha in Netflix’s “Baby Reindeer.” However, Mexican actress Nava Mau tenderly navigates the tale with skill and grace as Teri, Donny’s girlfriend (Richard Gadd). If nominated, she would make history as the first Latina trans nominee in the category—a well-deserved accolade.

	Category: Supporting actor in a comedy series

	While Puerto Rican sensation Ricky Martin captured our hearts with his music, his acting transition has already received attention along the way. Snagging his first Emmy nod in supporting actor (limited) for “American Crime Story” in 2018, he’s trying his luck in supporting comedy actor for his work in Apple’s “Palm Royale.” As Robert Diaz, an ex-Korean War Marine and bartender at the exclusive resort, Martin stands out in a cast that includes Kristen Wiig, Allison Janney and Carol Burnett — no easy feat.

	Category: Guest actress in a drama series

	A multi-hyphenate in Hollywood, Natalie Morales holds her own in the third season of Apple’s “The Morning Show as Kate Danton, Stella’s (Greta Lee) best friend from Stanford, where they were part of a start-up incubator run by Paul Marks (played by Jon Hamm). Competing in the guest drama actress category, it serves as the only acting category at the Emmys that has produced two different Latina winners — Puerto Rican Rita Moreno for “The Rockford Files” in 1978 and Argentinian Alexis Bledel for “The Handmaid’s Tale” in 2017.

	Category: Lead actor in a limited or anthology series or TV movie

	Zakhar Perez (who has Mexican ancestry) may have started in a teenage rom-com like “The Kissing Booth.” Still, he and another breakout star, Nicholas Galitzine, set the screens ablaze with the heartwarming LGBTQ film “Red, White and Royal Blue.” As the son of the U.S. president who finds love in the British monarchy, he carved a lane for himself that will lead to more dynamic and challenging roles. 

	Category: Supporting actress in a comedy series

	Rodriguez made history in 2021 when she became the first transgender and Afro-Latina nominated in a major Emmy acting category for “Pose.” She’s back with two possibilities: the first in supporting actress (limited) for her turn in FX’s “American Horror Story: Delicate” and the other is her hilarious and scene-stealing work as Sofia, the executive director of billionaire Molly Wells’ (Maya Rudolph) foundation in Apple’s dark horse comedy contender “Loot.”

	Category: Lead actress in a limited or anthology series or TV movie

	Colombian star Vergara plays the infamous drug lord Griselda Blanco ferociously and dynamically in Netflix’s hit crime series. If nominated, she would be only the second Latina to receive a nod in the category, following Anya Taylor-Joy (of Argentinian descent) for “The Queen’s Gambit” in 2021. As an executive producer on “Griselda,” Vergara could also become the second Latina producer nominated in limited or anthology series after Celia D. Costas won for “Angels in America” in 2004. Vergara has four previous Emmy bids for her iconic role as Gloria Delgado in ABC’s “Modern Family,” but she’s yet to win a statuette. Could it finally be her time?
The Business of Entertainment