We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
"My whole life is backwards."
Steve Martin is taking a look back at his varied career in the first trailer for his new two-part movie for Apple TV+.
Titled STEVE! (martin) a documentary in 2 pieces, the project for the streaming platform will celebrate the life and career of the beloved comedian and actor.
The feature is set to premiere globally on Apple TV+ on March 29, and a new trailer has given a taste of what is in store for viewers.
Related: First trailer for Kit Harington's critically acclaimed new movie
Directed by Academy Award winner Morgan Neville, the documentary tells Martin’s story from "two distinct points of view", with never-before-seen footage and personal insights from the man himself.
The first part, ‘Then’, documents the road bumps in his early career and his rise to fame, before he walked away from it all at the age of 35. 
The second part, ‘Now’ focuses on the present and his more recent accomplishments, including making decisions on when he might retire. 
Related: First trailer for Yellowstone star Kelly Reilly's new movie
"My whole life is backwards," Martin said in the new trailer. "How did I go from riddled with anxiety in my 30s, to 75 and really happy?"
The clip previews insights from stars of the comedy world ,including Tina Fey and Jerry Seinfeld, and there will also be contributions from the likes of Eric Idle and Diane Keaton.
A highlight of the trailer shows the actor on a bike ride with close friend and Only Murders in the Building co-star Martin Short.
"Why don’t I interview you as we’re driving?" Short said, to which Martin replied, "It’s called biking, but sure."
Their other co-star on the series Selena Gomez also appears in the documentary to speak about her friend.
Related: First trailer for Riverdale star Madelaine Petsch's new horror movie
Away from the documentary, Martin is currently filming the much-anticipated fourth season of Only Murders alongside Short and Gomez, with Meryl Streep also confirmed to be returning for another stint on the show.
Gomez recently shared on her Instagram Stories that she'd got a sweet gift from her two co-stars to mark the start of production – a bouquet of white flowers with a card that read: "We’re so happy to be back with you, love, Steve and Marty."
STEVE! (martin) a documentary in 2 pieces will premiere on Apple TV+ on March 29.
Soaps Writer, Digital Spy and Inside Soap
  After studying for an English degree at the University of Exeter, Erin completed a PPA-accredited Masters in Magazine Journalism at Cardiff University. She first joined the Digital Spy team in late 2023, writing across both news and features.  
  Erin is a fan of all things TV, from comedy and drama to reality TV and soaps.
Emmerdale boss confirms three major storylines
Emmerdale confirms returning figure in April story
Emmerdale's John Sugden to get two huge shocks
Emmerdale's Joe and Dawn finally caught out
Hollyoaks' Dodger Savage to make major discovery
Coronation Street airs final Daisy twist
Emmerdale confirms Steph's therapy outcome
Eamonn Holmes rushed to hospital
Kit Connor and Will Poulter reunite for horror
Emma Stone's sci-fi remake lands earlier release
Critically-acclaimed documentary to leave Netflix
Radio 1's Greg James makes co-star announcement
DIGITAL SPY, PART OF THE HEARST UK ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK
We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England. All Rights Reserved.