A P Diddy hotline allegedly received 12,000 calls in 24 hours.
An attorney who claims to represent 120 alleged sex abuse victims against Sean "Diddy" Combs made a bombshell claim that he's been inundated with calls about the hip-hop titan. Diddy, aged 54, found himself in cuffs last month facing serious charges including racketeering conspiracy, sex trafficking, and transportation to engage in prostitution.
He has "categorically denied" all the claims made against him and is currently in Brooklyn's Metropolitan Detention Center. Hot on the heels of his arrest, lawyer Tony Buzbee spoke to LawandCrime and explained that his hotline has been swamped with "12,000 calls in about 24 hours.", reports the Mirror.
READ MORE: Selena Gomez recalls weird encounter with P Diddy while dating Justin Bieber
READ MORE: Click for more brilliant Daily Star showbiz stories
He also mentioned that they've got nearly "have almost 100 people working on this task". Buzbee explained: "So, our Herculean task is to try to sift through every one of these calls and make sure that we're identifying those who are victims and those who are witnesses and collect evidence."
The attorney said that the cases they've stitched together with the 120 accusers may have already been thrown at Diddy, but he stressed they are "trying to make sure that when we file the cases ... that we include every potentially liable party".
Diddy's legal eagle Erica Wolff has slammed the claims against her client, issuing a statement to clear the air. She declared: "As Mr Combs' legal team has emphasised, he cannot address every meritless allegation in what has become a reckless media circus. That said, Mr. Combs emphatically and categorically denies as false and defamatory any claim that he sexually abused anyone, including minors."
Wolff didn't stop there, insisting: "He looks forward to proving his innocence and vindicating himself in court, where the truth will be established based on evidence, not speculation." The accusations span a 20-year timeline.
Buzbee has also previously stated: "This is an important matter that we intend to aggressively pursue. We will leave no stone unturned to find all potentially liable parties, to include any individual or entity who participated in or benefited from this egregious behaviour."
The Daily Star is now on WhatsApp and we want you to join us!
Through the app, we'll send you the sassiest showbiz stories, some naught headline and a seismic smattering of aliens...along with the latest breaking news of course.
To join our community, all you have to do to join is click on this link, select 'Join Chat' and you're in!
No one will be able to see who has sign up and no one can send messages except for the Daily Star team. We also treat our community members to competitions, special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners.
If you don’t like our community, you can check out any time you like. To leave our community click on the name at the top of your screen and choose Exit group. If you’re curious, you can read our Privacy Notice.
CLICK HERE TO JOIN
Have you joined Threads? Follow Daily Star to keep up to date on all things showbiz here
Want all the biggest Showbiz and TV news straight to your inbox? Sign up for our free Daily Star Showbiz newsletter
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.