Like most celebrity-loved beauty buys, La Mer’s face creams and serums come with hefty price tags.
This month, however, shoppers can save big on a number of products from the luxury skincare brand thanks to the 2024 Nordstrom Anniversary Sale, which kicked off for cardholders on July 9 but will become available to everyone else on July 15.
Those hoping to test out some of La Mer’s much-hyped products can do so with Anniversary Sale-exclusive bundles like the Mini Miracle Creme Set ($95, a $150 value) and Mini Miracles Soft Cream Set ($95, a $150 value).
Each kit is stocked with smaller versions of The Cleansing Foam, The Treatment Lotion, The Renewal Oil and either its cult-favorite Crème de la Mer or The Moisturizing Soft Cream.
The Treatment Lotion ($225, a $240 value) is also available to purchase on its own. Described as a liquid hydrogel, it “penetrates skin rapidly to deliver energy and sustained all-day hydration to optimize skin” — which is probably why it’s a go-to for makeup artists as they prep celebrities for major events.
Kristofer Buckle has applied it to Jessica Chastain’s skin, while Mario Dedivanovic, who is part of Kim Kardashian’s glam team, used it on the Skims founder ahead of the 2021 Met Gala.
For awards shows, La Mer’s The Eye Concentrate has also become a must-have for multiple stars, including Greta Lee, Jeremy Allen White and Pedro Pascal.
The product — which works to combat lines, wrinkles and dark circles — can be found in the Radiant Renewal Collection Set ($415, a $640 value), along with additional must-haves like The Treatment Lotion, The Lifting Firming Serum and Crème de la Mer.
La Mer loyalists, meanwhile, can stock up on their favorite serums with The Concentrate Duo ($425, a $660 value) and The Lifting Firming Serum Duo ($420, a $645 value).
Brand fans can also stock up with an 8.5-oz jar of Crème de la Mer Moisturizing Cream ($1,375, a $1,583 value) or 3.4-oz bottle of The Concentrate ($980, a $1,200 Value), both formulated with La Mer’s proprietary “Miracle Broth.”
And if you’re curious to try one of the company’s newer offerings, the Genaissance Discovery Set ($1,380, a $1,630 value) features a lotion, eye cream, and night balm, all of which claim to soften and hydrate skin over time.
La Mer has garnered praise from countless A-listers over the years — from Kate Hudson, who appeared in ads alongside her mom, Goldie Hawn, to Selena Gomez, who used The Concentrate in a TikTok.
Jennifer Lopez was even once rumored to bathe in Crème de la Mer (she shut down that speculation, but still claims to love the stuff).
Don’t forget to check out the other amazing Nordstrom Anniversary Sale beauty deals on offer before the event ends on August 4.