Is Jacob Elordi's 'On Swift Horses' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Amazon Prime Video?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'Heavenly Ever After' On Netflix, A Charming K-Drama Where An 80-Year-Old Woman Reconnects With Her Suddenly Much Younger Looking Husband In The Afterlife				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'Journey to You' on Hallmark, Where A Workaholic Nurse And A Divorced Single Dad Find Themselves—And Love—On The Camino de Santiago				

					Is 'The Wedding Banquet' 2025 Movie Streaming on Netflix or Amazon Prime?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Exterritorial’ on Netflix, a German Thriller Leaning Hard On Its Crunchy Hand-to-Hand Combat Sequences				

					The Top 10 Movies on Netflix That Are Most Popular Right Now				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Jewel Thief: The Heist Begins’ on Netflix, a Hacky Indian Action Flick That Only Steals Your Precious Time				

					Marvel's 'Thunderbolts*' Review: A Small Superhero Story Offering Huge Hope for the Future of the MCU				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘The Biggest Fan’ on Netflix, a Mexican Comedy About Celeb Worship Starring Kate del Castillo				

					Will There Be a 'Four Seasons' Season 2? Everything We Know About The Netflix Comedy				

					'The Four Seasons' Welcomes Back Alan Alda In A Special Guest Role				

					R.I.P. Ruth Buzzi: 'Laugh-In' And 'Sesame Street' Alum Dead At 88				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Asterix and Obelix: The Big Fight’ on Netflix, a Fresh and Fun Animated Series in a Long-Running French Franchise				

					Is the 'Sneaks' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Disney+?				

					Is the 2025 'King Of Kings' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Disney+?				

					Chaotic 'Minecraft Movie' Screenings Have Led To Police Removals Of Rowdy Audience Members				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Promised Hearts’ on Netflix, A Friends-to-Lovers Indonesian Romance About Childhood Friends				

					'The Smashing Machine' Trailer Drops: Could This Score Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson His First Oscar?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘The Narrow Road To The Deep North’ On Prime Video Where Jacob Elordi Plays A Haunted Prisoner Of War				

					Aimee Carrero On Why Signing Onto 'Your Friends And Neighbors' Was A No-Brainer For Her: "I Love Nothing More Than Subverting A Stereotype"				

					Kerry Washington Censored On 'The View' While Gloating About Telling Method Man To "F Off" In 'Shadow Force'				

					What Time Is Trump on TV Tonight? How To Watch 'President Trump The First 100 Days'				

					Kelly Clarkson Tells Finn Wolfhard All About Her "Horrible" First Kiss: "It Was Like He Was Searching For Something"				

					Idina Menzel Confesses To Andy Cohen On ‘The Kelly Clarkson Show’ About The Time She “Peed” Onstage: “It Was In ‘Wicked’”				

					'Andor' Season 2 Episode 6 Recap: Sex, Death, and Star Wars				

					Diego Luna Achieves Peak Hottness As Undercover Space Spy Hot Varian Skye  in ‘Andor’ 				

					'Andor' Season 2 Episode 5 Recap: Gimme Fuel, Gimme Fire				

					'Andor' Marries Star Wars With Shakespeare With Forest Whitaker’s Incendiary Ode to Rhydonium: "Revolution is Not For the Sane!"				

					'MobLand' Episode 5 Recap: Funeral Party				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Havoc’ on Netflix, Where Tom Hardy And Timothy Olyphant Are Among Those Shooting At Each Other 				

					'MobLand' Episode 4 Recap: Suspicious Minds				

					'MobLand' Episode 3 Recap: Human Sacrifice				

					'The Last Of Us': Why Did Ellie Leave Coffee Beans On Joel's Grave? The Significance, Explained 				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'The Eternaut' On Netflix, Where Survivors Band Together When A Toxic Snow Falls On Buenos Aires				

					'The Last of Us' Star Gabriel Luna Explains Why Tommy Isn't There For Joel's Death on the HBO Show: "I Always Thought That Was a Bit Weird"				

					'The Last of Us' Season 2 Episode 3 Recap: Stuck in the Joel Hole				

					Kerry Washington Censored On 'The View' While Gloating About Telling Method Man To "F Off" In 'Shadow Force'				

					Alyssa Farah Griffin Opens Up About "Stressful" Fertility Journey On 'The View'				

					'The View's Whoopi Goldberg Compares Jeremy Renner's Near Death Experience To 'Ghost': "It's Not Just A Movie"				

					Whoopi Goldberg Thinks Trump Is "Getting Even" With America For Not Supporting Him Through His Tariffs And Controversial Policies: "He's Angry At This Country"				

					An Ode to Judy Gemstone, TV's Poet Laureate of Nonsense				

					Walton Goggins Shares The Magic Of Baby Billy Freeman Belting Out "Turn The Other Cheek" In Behind The Scenes Instagram 				

					Walton Goggins Says He's Struggling To Say Goodbye To 'The Righteous Gemstones': "I Am Mourning The Fact That I Don't Get To Play Baby Billy Anymore"				

					Walton Goggins On Getting To Pull Off Some Of Television's Most Absurd Lines In 'The Righteous Gemstones': "Danny McBride Spins Gold"				
Hoda Kotb is looking out for her girl Jenna Bush Hager — and doesn’t want another profane on-air slip-up.
The near expletive arrived on Thursday’s Today With Hoda & Jenna after the co-hosts pulled up a clip from a recent podcast appearance of Tom Holland‘s. In the clip, Holland dished on he and his girlfriend Zendaya‘s holiday plans, revealing that they will be in the U.S. spending time with her family.
“I think what we’d like to start doing is rather than spending it with each family each year, is bring the families together,” he said on the Dish podcast.
Both Kotb and Bush Hager weighed in on this proposal, with the former claiming, “That means that something’s happening.” Bush Hager agreed that “that’s some pressure,” and eventually blurted out, “It’s like Meet the Fockers.”
“You don’t meet the Fockers —,” Bush Hager continued, until Kotb interjected, “Ok, stop saying that!”
Bush Hager replied, “Well, that’s the title of the film.”
Kotb warned her, “I know, but you’re walking right on the hairy edge.”
Nonetheless, the two recalled the 2004 rom-com’s memorable moment of Jinxy the cat flushing the toilet.
“Remember? Did you love that movie so much?” Kotb asked, which Bush Hager confirmed.
“You don’t bring them together…,” Bush Hager added, prompting Kotb to fill in, “Unless it’s happening.”
This moment arrives a month after Kotb accidentally allowed Cher to drop the F-bomb on The Today Show. While joining Bush Hager for their third-hour broadcast later that morning, Kotb admitted she “was scared,” though Bush Hager insisted that she “had told her to” do so.
Kotb fired back, “No I didn’t! I didn’t mean that. I said, ‘You can say it. We can bleep it.’ But what I meant, like, bleep like right in the moment. I didn’t mean, ‘say it!'”
As for Holland and Zendaya, Bush Hager and Kotb teased that they similarly “hoped” and “predicted” that the same was happening for Benny Blanco and Selena Gomez ahead of their engagement announcement last week.
“We kind of feel like, you know, we had a hand in that,” Bush Hager said.
Kotb agreed, “We did. We love them both.”
Bush Hager concluded that “now it’s time for Zendaya and Tom.”
“It’s probably all happening. We’ll re-run this clip,” Kotb teased.
Today with Hoda & Jenna airs on weekdays at 10/9c on NBC.

This story has been shared 3,650 times.
3,650


This story has been shared 2,833 times.
2,833


This story has been shared 1,620 times.
1,620


This story has been shared 1,306 times.
1,306


This story has been shared 1,141 times.
1,141


This story has been shared 835 times.
835


This story has been shared 815 times.
815


This story has been shared 757 times.
757


This story has been shared 504 times.
504


This story has been shared 478 times.
478


This story has been shared 475 times.
475


This story has been shared 466 times.
466


This story has been shared 410 times.
410


This story has been shared 306 times.
306


This story has been shared 284 times.
284