Manage your account
SAVANNAH, Ga. (WSAV) – From the laughs and tears to the twists and cliffhangers; Television’s biggest moments from 2024 will be honored at Sunday’s Primetime Emmy Awards.
Viewers with watchful eyes may be scratching their heads, as some Emmy Awards were announced last weekend. The Creative Arts Emmy Awards bestow trophies to the more specific creative and technical categories that are not televised. The Primetime Emmys award acting, directing, writing and the coveted “Best Series” categories by genre.
2024 has offered hilarious, thoughtful and binge-worthy TV that kept viewers coming back for more, and the Emmys is where the individuals who made those moments happen come together and celebrate the best of the best.
Here is your guide to this year’s Primetime Emmy Awards.
Father-son duo Eugene and Dan Levy, stars of Emmy-winning Schitt’s Creek (2015-2020) will host this year’s show, which will broadcast on ABC starting at 8:00 p.m. EST on Sunday, September 15.
Apple TV+’s The Morning Show is the most nominated show of the year with 11 nods in major categories.
Second in line are FX’s The Bear and Shōgun, with nine and eight nominations, respectively. Netflix’s juggernaut The Crown, in its final season, is nominated for eight major awards.
The nominees for Best Drama Series are:
The Crown
Fallout
The Gilded Age
The Morning Show
Mr. & Mrs. Smith
Shōgun
Slow Horses
3 Body Problem
The nominees for Best Comedy Series are:
Abbott Elementary
The Bear
Curb Your Enthusiasm
Hacks
Only Murders in the Building
Palm Royale
Reservation Dogs
What We Do in the Shadows
The nominees for Best Limited Series are:
Baby Reindeer
Fargo
Lessons in Chemistry
Ripley
True Detective: Night Country
The nominees for Oustanding Lead Actor in a Comedy Series are:
Matt Berry, What We Do in the Shadows
Larry David, Curb Your Enthusiasm
Steve Martin, Only Murders in the Building
Martin Short, Only Murders in the Building
D’Pharoah Woon-A-Tai, Reservation Dogs
The nominees for Oustanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series are:
Quinta Brunson, Abbott Elementary
Ayo Edibri, The Bear
Selena Gomez, Only Murders in the Building
Maya Rudolph, Loot
Jean Smart, Hacks
Kristen Wiig, Palm Royale
The nominees for Oustanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series are:
Idris Elba, Hijack
Donald Glover, Mr. & Mrs. Smith
Walton Goggins, Fallout
Gary Oldman, Slow Horses
Hiroyuki Sanada, Shōgun
The nominees for Oustanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series are:
Jennifer Anniston, The Morning Show
Carrie Coon, The Gilded Age
Maya Erksine, Mr. & Mrs. Smith
Anna Suwai, Shōgun
Imelda Staunton, The Crown 
Reese Witherspoon, The Morning Show
The nominees for Oustanding Lead Actor in a Limited Series, Anthology or Movie are:
Matt Bomer, Fellow Travellers
Richard Gadd, Baby Reindeer
Jon Hamm, Fargo
Tom Hollander, Feud: Capote vs. The Swans
Andrew Scott, Ripley
The nominees for Oustanding Lead Actress in a Limited Series, Anthology or Movie are:
Jodie Foster, True Detective: Night Country
Brie Larson, Lessons in Chemistry
Juno Temple, Fargo
Sofia Vergara, Griselda
Naomi Watts, Feud: Capote vs. The Swans
The nominees for Oustanding Supporting Actor in a Comedy Series are:
Lionel Boyce, The Bear
Paul W. Downs, Hacks
Ebon Moss-Bachrach, The Bear
Paul Rudd, Only Murders in the Building
Tyler James Williams, Abbott Elementary
Bowen Yang, Saturday Night Live
The nominees for Oustanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series are:
Carol Burnett, Palm Royale
Liza Colon-Zayas, The Bear
Hannah Einbinder, Hacks
Janelle James, Abbott Elementary
Sheryl Lee Ralph, Abbott Elementary
Meryl Streep, Only Murders in the Building
The nominees for Oustanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series are:
Tadanobu Asano, Shōgun
Billy Crudup, The Morning Show
Mark Duplass, The Morning Show
Jon Hamm, The Morning Show
Takehiro Hira, Shōgun
Jack Lowden, Slow Horses
Jonathan Pryce, The Crown
The nominees for Oustanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series are:
Christine Baranski, The Gilded Age
Nicole Bharie, The Morning Show
Elizabeth Debicki, The Crown
Greta Lee, The Morning Show
Lesley Manville, The Crown
Karen Pittman, The Morning Show
Holland Taylor, The Morning Show
The nominees for Oustanding Supporting Actor in a Limited Series, Anthology or Movie are:
Jonathan Bailey, Fellow Travelers
Robert Downey Jr., The Sympathizer
Tom Goodman-Hall, Baby Reindeer
John Hawkes, True Detective: Night Country
Lamorne Morris, Fargo
Lewis Pullman, Lessons in Chemistry
Treat Williams, Feud: Capote vs. The Swans
The nominees for Oustanding Supporting Actress in a Limited Series, Anthology or Movie are:
Dakota Fanning, Ripley
Lily Gladstone, Under the Bridge
Jessica Gunning, Baby Reindeer
Aja Nomi King, Lessons in Chemistry
Diane Lane, Feud: Capote vs. The Swans
Nava Mau, Baby Reindeer
Kali Reis, True Detective: Night Country
According to the Television Academy, a score of presenters including past Emmy winners, nominees and stars of the biggest shows old and new will hand out the awards.
Among them, comedians Billy Crystal and Only Murders in the Building nominee Steve Martin, Baby Reindeer nominee Nava Mau and Mr. & Mrs. Smith nominee Greta Lee, and Fellow Travelers nominee Matt Bomer.
TV icons Henry Winkler and Dick Van Dyke will also make appearances during the ceremony.
Each year, the Primetime Emmy Awards honor those in the industry who have passed away since the last ceremony. This year, the show is certain to remember a many number of Television luminaries such as TV comedy legend Bob Newhart, who starred in three Emmy-nominated sitcoms in three different decades. Prolific Talk Show host Phil Donahue and personalities like Richard Simmons and Dr. Ruth Westheimer are also expected to be remembered.
The ceremony will also remember comic performers like Curb Your Enthusiasm‘s Richard Lewis, Roseanne‘s Martin Mull and The Honeymooners‘ Joyce Randolph, while also offering a final curtain call to acting legends Gena Rowlands, Donald Sutherland, Louis Gossett Jr. and James Earl Jones.
Copyright 2024 Nexstar Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
 For the latest news, weather, sports, and streaming video, head to WSAV-TV.