Blake Lively was in superhero mode for the Deadpool & Wolverine premiere. While it was technically her husband Ryan Reynolds's moment in the spotlight, our eyes were focused on Lively and her super-high, super-long ponytail.
The actor went all out for the NYC premiere, starting with the aforementioned pony. Her signature flowing blonde hair was gathered way up just above the crown of her head and tied tightly for extra perkiness. Lively's stylist Jennifer Yepez wrapped a piece of her hair around the base of the ponytail to disguise any hair bands, then added a dark silver chain with little gemstones for a touch of sparkle that mimicked the star's dangling silver and ruby earrings. Does she not look like she could jump right off the cover of a comic book in this high pony and burgundy catsuit combo?
The ponytail didn't stop at Lively's shoulders, either. It kept going and going, all the way down to mid-back just above her hips. The lengths were styled in simple loose, unfussy waves for extra oomph and volume as she flipped her hair around. (I mean, how could you not with a ponytail like that?) It's a bird! It's a plane! No, it's Blake Lively, here to save the day!
Glam-wise, Lively's longtime makeup artist Kristofer Buckle applied a rosy bronze shade across the star's lids to reflect the darker ruby red color of her catsuit and added lots of superhero glow with shimmery highlighter on her cheekbones.
If you're feeling the ponytail vibes this week, Lively's party pony would be ideal for the weekend or even an outdoor wedding, while Selena Gomez's sweet and simple birthday ponytail works well for everyday activities. As these two beauty icons show, there's really nothing you can't do in a ponytail. Marvel, are you paying attention?
More celebrity hair inspo:
Now, watch Brooke Shields' go-to beach wave routine:
Follow Allure on Instagram and TikTok, or subscribe to our newsletter to stay up to date on all things beauty.
More from Allure The BEAUTY EXPERT
Contact
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Allure may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices