By SAM JOSEPH SEMON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  22:44, 7 May 2024   |  Updated:  23:58, 7 May 2024   
 19
View  comments
Selena Gomez let out a bit of 'anger' while pounding out blackberry caviar in a clip from her new show, Selena + Restaurant, that was shared with People on Tuesday. 
In the video, the 31-year-old actress and her friend, Raquelle Stevens, trained with Hollywood restaurant Lemon Grove's head chef, Marcel Vigneron, and learned how to make a dessert inspired by 'the full moon.'
The Disney Channel alum - whose beauty company recently raised $7 million for charity - was tasked with breaking up blackberries that had been frozen with liquid nitrogen, and said she would be 'getting out some anger' while breaking up the fruit.
Gomez was then presented with a meat pounder, and after asking if she could 'smash' the blackberries, Vigneron instructed her on how to get 'individual cells' out of each piece of fruit.
Although the singer appeared to get slightly carried away while smashing the blackberries, Vigneron stated that she was 'looking pretty good' as she helped prepare the dish.
Selena Gomez let out a bit of 'anger' while pounding out blackberry caviar in a clip from her new show, Selena + Restaurant, that was shared with People on Tuesday
The chef then placed two black sesame praline sponge cakes into a plate full of blackberry puree, after which the singer sprinkled a bit of her caviar in the middle of the dish.
Selena + Restaurant serves as a spinoff of her cooking show, Selena + Chef, which premiered on the HBO Max streaming service in 2020.
The program, which was partially filmed in the performer's home, followed the singer as she learned to cook a wide variety of dishes from top chefs.
The show's second season made its debut in November of 2020, and its third and fourth sets of episodes premiered in 2021 and 2022, respectively.
Selena + Chef was also put up for the Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Culinary Program in 2023, and it will compete for the same award during this year's ceremony, which is set to take place next month.
It was revealed that Gomez would be leaving her home and heading into real restaurants last month, when an official announcement about Selena + Restaurant was shared with the public.
According to Variety, the show follows the singer as she collaborates with several Los Angeles-based chefs with the intention of crafting a dish good enough to include on a restaurant's menu.
The Love You Like A Love Song singer issued a statement to share her enthusiasm for her culinary project.
In the video, the 31-year-old actress and her friend, Raquelle Stevens, trained with Hollywood restaurant Lemon Grove's head chef, Marcel Vigneron, and learned how to make a dessert inspired by 'the full moon.'
The Disney Channel alum - whose beauty company recently raised $7 million for charity - was tasked with breaking up blackberries that had been frozen with liquid nitrogen, and said she would be 'getting out some anger' while breaking up the fruit
It was revealed that Gomez would be leaving her home and heading into real restaurants last month, when an official announcement about Selena + Restaurant was shared with the public
According to Variety, the show follows the singer as she collaborates with several Los Angeles-based chefs with the intention of crafting a dish good enough to include on a restaurant's menu
'After cooking mostly virtually from my kitchen with some of the best chefs for the last four years, I was thrilled to step into their world,' she stated.
Food Network chief Betsy Ayala also shared a statement to speak about how the program would showcase the singer's developing abilities as a chef.
'Selena's graduation to the big leagues offers a natural progression of her culinary education as this superstar shows what she can do in a restaurant environment,' she stated. 
Selena + Restaurant made its debut on the Food Network last Thursday with the airing of a pair of back-to-back episodes. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group