And she followed it up with yet another vintage gown.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

A day with four back-to-back outfit changes is just another Thursday for Bella Hadid. Still, the model and Ôrebella fragrance founder managed to make her third (and fourth!) looks of the Cannes Film Festival circuit her most dramatic yet.
First, ascending the steps to the May 23 premiere of L'Amour Ouf, Hadid dressed in yet another vintage gown pulled by stylist Molly Dickson. Hailing from Atelier Versace's 2001 couture collection, the black dress featured a plunging neckline and semi-sheer bodice contrasted by a floor-length skirt absolutely dripping in sequins.
Hadid shimmered in an archival Versace gown on the red carpet for L'Amour Ouf. 
In archival runway images Dickson shared on her Instagram story, Versace originally styled the dress with nothing but coordinating black heels. Hadid emphasized the over-the-top drama of the see-through bodice and sequined skirt with a long, gauzy shawl that fluttered in the wind. Diamond, dangling earrings and an oversize diamond ring on her index finger added a final, dramatic touch to the outfit. (Those were most likely sourced from Chopard, which has been Hadid's jeweler of choice throughout Cannes.)
Hadid posed for fans while showing off the glittering fabric of her corset gown.
On the glam front, Hadid and hairstylist Bryce Scarlett paid homage to a classic prom updo with a slicked-back bun set with giant, cascading barrel curls. As for her makeup? She matched the early 2000s energy of her dress and hair in a bronzed, glowy look coordinated by makeup artist Nadia Tayeh.
Working with hairstylist Bryce Scarlett, Hadid went for a beauty look bringing a 2000s prom night to mind.
Tired of outfit changes yet? Not Bella. After shutting down the Cannes premiere stairs, Hadid changed into another Atelier Versace dress from the Fall 1998 collection. The bridal dress had a simple, sleeveless silhouette with flashes of silver sequin embroidery throughout the bodice and skirt. Just like her red carpet gown, Hadid paired what appeared to be an after party look with a coordinating, gauzy shawl and open-toed sandals.
A post shared by molly dickson
A photo posted by mollyddickson on 
There are still two days left in the Cannes Film Festival, with all events wrapping up by Saturday, May 25. Hadid hasn't confirmed whether she's attending more events, but she's already provided enough meaningful outfits to fill an entire fashion week calendar.
Thursday alone included two previous looks: a keffiyeh sundress referencing her Palestinian heritage and a not-yet-released, backless T-shirt dress by Jacquemus. Earlier in the week, Hadid and Dickson have collaborated on everything from an array of vintage slip dresses to a totally-sheer Saint Laurent naked dress, plus an easygoing mini by Alaïa.
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.
Of course, Cannes hasn't just been the Bella Hadid show. Other noteworthy looks from the past two weeks included Selena Gomez's ovation-worthy Saint Laurent gown and Naomi Campbell's self-reference in vintage Chanel, styled by Law Roach.
Editor's note: This post has been updated to include Hadid's second Versace dress.
Halie LeSavage is the senior fashion and beauty news editor at Marie Claire, where she assigns, edits, and writes stories for both sections. Halie is an expert on runway trends, celebrity style, emerging fashion and beauty brands, and shopping (naturally). In over seven years as a professional journalist, Halie’s reporting has ranged from fashion week coverage spanning the Copenhagen, New York, Milan, and Paris markets, to profiles on industry insiders like celebrity stylist Molly Dickson, to breaking news stories on noteworthy brand collaborations and beauty product launches. (She can personally confirm that Bella Hadid’s Ôrebella perfume is worth the hype.) She has also written dozens of research-backed shopping guides to finding the best tote bags, ballet flats, and more. Most of all, Halie loves to explore what style trends—like the rise of emotional support accessories or TikTok’s 75 Hard Style Challenge—can say about culture writ large. She also justifies almost any purchase by saying it’s “for work.” 
Halie has previously held writer and editor roles at Glamour, Morning Brew, and Harper’s Bazaar. She has been cited as a fashion and beauty expert in The Cut, CNN Underscored, and Reuters, among other outlets, and appears in newsletters like Selleb and Self Checkout to provide shopping recommendations. In 2022, she earned the Hearst Spotlight Award for excellence and innovation in fashion journalism. She holds a Bachelor’s Degree in English from Harvard College. Outside of work, Halie is passionate about books, baking, and her miniature Bernedoodle, Dolly. For a behind-the-scenes look at her reporting, you can follow Halie on Instagram and TikTok.

They've "never been fazed by being out in public."


The fashion cross-over I didn't know I needed.


From the coolest Adidas sneakers to luxury waterproof eyeliner.


The fashion cross-over I didn't know I needed.


Even halfway across the country, she's still F1's best-dressed fan.


She's not an F1 WAG, but she sure nailed the aesthetic.


It's made for twirling—and daily life.


She one hundred percent pulls them off.


'Twilight,' Shania Twain, and beyond...


If this is her off-duty look, I can only imagine what Monday's event will bring.


This timepiece is apparently a billionaire essential.


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.