Disney Channel has been a stepping stone for many celebrities, including Selena Gomez and Miley Cyrus. The channel's shows and films have remained popular over the years, helping young stars build a massive fanbase. However, former Disney star Joey Bragg has confessed that he squandered his childhood acting earnings on a lavish lifestyle. Now 28, Joey gained fame on the show Liv and Maddie, where he played Joey Rooney, reports OK!.
The series, which aired from 2013 to 2017, also featured Dove Cameron, Tenzing Norgay Trainor, Kali Rocha, Benjamin King, and Lauren Lindsey Donzis. Joey, who was an aspiring comedian when he landed his acting role, shared how he initially turned down the offer to join Liv and Maddie. However, after being offered more money, he relocated to Los Angeles at 17 to shoot the successful sitcom.
As per California state law, 15% of Joey's earnings from the show were set aside in a separate account since he was a minor at the time. Unlike other child actors' parents, Joey's parents "didn't pay themselves anything". On his 18th birthday, he received his 15% share as a lump sum, amounting to a whopping $70,000 (£52k).
The actor certainly knew how to live it up after coming into a fortune, indulging in lavish expenditures but eventually running through the lot. On the Cash Cuties podcast, Joey confessed: "I moved in with my girlfriend, I went to Coachella every year, the VIP Outside Lands, it was stuff like that. I wasn't buying jet skis or boats or anything, I mean I didn't necessarily have enough to buy a jet ski or a boat, but I definitely got used to the lifestyle."
He recalled one of his biggest splashes at Disney World where he dropped $5,000 (£3.7k) for an exclusive guide for the day. He also owned up to where a major chunk of change had been spent, acknowledging: "Also mostly weed, I spent most of it on weed."
The early windfall did come with a sting, as Joey admits it skewed his perception of finances. He remarked: "It definitely f***ed me up in regards to what I'm used to and what I enjoy out of life, I get got a lot easily because I'm so used to having the extra money." Despite this financial saga, Joey's career hasn't stalled he's landed roles in several TV series, including a leading role in the American sitcom 'Call Your Mother', and last year featured in the comedy-drama film 'Sid Is Dead' with stars like Mary Stuart Masterson and Carla Gallo.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.