By Jesse Whittock 
International TV Co-Editor

Cara Delevingne is taking on a big role for her West End debut. She will play Sally Bowles in Cabaret at the Kit Kat Club.

	She will replace rapper and performer Self Esteem (aka Rebecca Lucy Taylor), who is set to play her final performance on March 9.

	“There are no words to explain the excitement I have to return home to make my stage debut in such an iconic role. I am so inspired by the brilliant actors who have played Sally in past productions around the world and in this one in the West End. I cannot wait to be a part of this brilliant cast and production.”





	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	













	News
	



	
		
					Oscars: Academy Sets Timeline, New Rules For 98th Edition, And Now Requires Voters To See All Films In A Category		
			















	Casting
	



	
		
					Breaking Baz: Ncuti Gatwa And Edward Bluemel To Star As Christopher Marlowe & William Shakespeare In West End Play That May Be Broadway Bound		
			







	Joining her is Luke Treadaway, who will replace Scissor Sisters singer Jake Shears as the Emcee.

	










			Watch on Deadline		






	The pair will join Michael Ahomka-Lindsay, who plays Cliff Bradshaw in the production Beverley Klein (Fraulein Schneider) and Teddy Kempner (Herr Schultz). Nic Myers plays the role of Sally Bowles once a week.

	The new cast will perform from March 11-June 1. Delevingne will not perform on Wednesday March 13 (matinee), Thursday March 21 (evening), Wednesday March 27 (matinee), Thursday April 4 (evening), Tuesday April 9 (evening), Wednesday April 10 (matinee and evening), Thursday April 11 (evening), Friday April 12 (evening), Thursday April 18 (evening), Wednesday April 24 (matinee), Thursday May 2 (evening), Monday May6 (evening), Tuesday May 7 (evening), Wednesday May 8 (matinee and evening), Thursday May 16 (evening), Friday May 17 (evening), Saturday May 18 (matinee and evening), Wednesday May 22 (matinee) and Thursday May 30 (evening).

	Delevingne’s film credits include Anna Karenina, Suicide Squad and Paper Towns, and she appeared in Disney+ series Only Murders in the Building opposite Steve Martin, Martin Short and Selena Gomez. She has also been seen on television in Prime Video’s Carnival Row and American Horror Story: Delicate, and fronted BBC and Hulu doc series Planet Sex. 

	Theater actor Treadaway won the Olivier Award for Best Leading Actor for his performance of Christopher in the National Theatre’s production of The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time, and has performed in dozens of plays. Film credits include A Street Cat Named Bob, Ethel and Ernest and The Rack Pack and TV credits include The Serial Killer’s Wife, Lockwood & Co and The Singapore Grip.

	










Cabaret is produced by Ambassador Theatre Group Productions and Underbelly.

	Rebecca Frecknall directs the current Cabaret with features set and costume design by Tom Scuttand choreography by Julia Cheng. Jennifer Whyte is the musical supervisor and Ben Ferguson is musical director. Lighting design is by Isabella Byrd and sound design by Nick Lidster. Stuart Burt is the casting director and associate director is Jordan Fein.  The prologue composer and musical director is Angus MacRae.

Cabaret was first performed in London in 1968.
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.