The newest blush iteration from Selena Gomez's Rare Beauty is available to shop online at Sephora and Rare Beauty for $26.Rare Beauty/Sephora/Canva
What do you get when you combine a liquid blush with more than 9,000 4.5-star reviews with a similarly cult-followed powder highlighter? A new Rare Beauty product with a glowing trajectory. 
After a multi-day social media tease on both Selena Gomez’s and Rare Beauty’s feeds, the Rare Beauty Soft Pinch Luminous Powder Blush is finally live and available to shop online at Sephora and Rare Beauty.
According to an exclusive interview Selena Gomez had with WWD, the newest blush launch is the product of fans asking for a powder blush for years, tweaked with the most-loved parts of Rare Beauty’s Soft Pinch Liquid Blush and Positive Light Silky Touch Highlighter to take the pigment and glow payoff to a whole new level. 
The collection is comprised of six pink-forward shades, including Selena’s custom shade, Cheer, housed in signature Rare Beauty soft pink-nude compacts.
Each color sells for $26 and promises “the perfect balance between vibrant color and radiant shine.” 
At the time of writing, all six hues, which range from a light, warm pink to a muted peach and rich terracotta, are still in stock. However, with such a positive response to the product already, we don’t expect them to last long. 
Shop the newest addition to Rare Beauty’s bestselling blush collection. 
Our journalism needs your support. Please subscribe today to NJ.com.
Danielle Halibey can be reached at dhalibey@njadvancemedia.com. Have a tip? Tell us at nj.com/tips.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices