Gold Derby can exclusively reveal that Quinta Brunson is entering the "Abbott Elementary" episode "Party" as her 2024 Emmy Award submission for Best Comedy Actress. "Party" aired on May 22 and is the 14th episode and season finale of the third season of the ABC series.
In this installment, to celebrate the end of the school year, Janine (Brunson) throws a party for the teachers at her house that she has meticulously organized into sections. She and Gregory (Tyler James Williams) are still concerned that dating a coworker will end poorly. After a pep talk from Mr. Johnson (William Stanford Davis), Janine decides to tell Gregory how she feels and goes after him. But he's already outside her door, having fixed her light, and they kiss.
SEE 2024 Emmy nominations
A two-time Emmy winner, Brunson is the reigning champ in this category. She's up against Ayo Edebiri ("The Bear"), Selena Gomez ("Only Murders in the Building"), Maya Rudolph ("Loot"), Jean Smart ("Hacks") and Kristen Wiig ("Palm Royale"). Brunson has two other nominations this year for "Abbott Elementary" -- Best Comedy Writing, which she won in 2022, and Best Comedy Series as an executive producer -- bringing her to a career total of nine Emmy nominations.
"Abbott Elementary" received nine nominations for its third season, its most ever in a single year.
For a complete list of all episode submissions announced so far, join our special discussion in the Gold Derby forums. Television Academy voters are asked to watch each of the episodes submitted for that category before marking their ballots.
PREDICT the 2024 Emmy winners by Sept. 15
Make your predictions at Gold Derby now. Download our free and easy app for Apple/iPhone devices or Android (Google Play) to compete against legions of other fans plus our experts and editors for best prediction accuracy scores. See our latest prediction champs. Can you top our esteemed leaderboards next? Always remember to keep your predictions updated because they impact our latest racetrack odds, which terrify Hollywood chiefs and stars. Don't miss the fun. Speak up and share your huffy opinions in our famous forums where 5,000 showbiz leaders lurk every day to track latest awards buzz. Everybody wants to know: What do you think? Who do you predict and why?

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…
Take a trip back to the Academy Awards ceremonies of the recent past with Gold Derby’s Oscars Playback series. Hosts Joyce Eng and Christopher Rosen recap every Oscar ceremony of the 1990s and 2000s. Joyce and Chris tackle the highs and lows of each show and see how the winners aged. It’s a wonderful night for Oscar, whenever you watch!

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media