Hundreds of lucky beauty fans were able to get their hands on a free goodie bag from Sephora as a new store opened today (May 16). Its latest shop has opened its doors to the public in Manchester's Trafford Centre.
The new branch marks the opening of the third store of the beauty chain in the UK. The beauty retailer sells thousands of brands, including Lady Gaga’s Haus Labs, ONE/SIZE by Patrick Starrr, and Tarte - all of which can be hard to find in other UK retailers.
It also has its own Beauty Hub, where shoppers can sit down with professionals for a touch up on makeup, a new hairstyle, or skin treatment. It's also a great place to test out new products and get some expert advice.
Before opening, a number of people attended a VIP event where they were gifted a goodie bag stocked full of treats. The bag was full of items by Tatcha, Caudalie, Medik8, Color WOW, Selena Gomez’s Rare Beauty, and even a Dyson comb.
On TikTok, one pleased shopper showed off all that she got in her goodie bag. On the social media app, Dominique revealed everything in her bag came to a whopping total of £1,246.08.
“Honest to god, the amount of products in here is absolutely insane," she said. You can find the full list of the Sephora goodie bag just below.
Those who were at the grand opening were given a wristband which when traded in store secured them an exclusive goodie bag. The contents of the goodie bag may vary.
Manchester Evening News’ beauty editor Rachel Pugh was lucky enough to be at the opening, where she got a bag all to herself. She described the experience as being like having a “6-year-old kid inside me at Christmas in 1998 felt like Santa had just brought the entire Argos catalogue.”
She wrote: “Anyone who's anyone in the beauty scene knows that, when it comes to a goody bag, Sephora certainly knows how to do it. So, I was full of anticipation as I walked to the till to grab mine.
"While collecting it, the friendly staff member asked 'are you leaving yet? Because if you're not, I'd advise holding off, as they're very heavy'.”
Sephora will be handing out free goodie bags to the first 100 shoppers in line again tomorrow (Friday 17). As well as on Saturday 17, and Sunday 18 May, according to the MEN.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.