For those who appreciate the beauty of a good deal, Cyber Week is practically the Super Bowl.
And while Black Friday and Cyber Monday have come and gone, there are still plenty of extended discounts on the skincare, makeup and haircare products A-listers (and their glam squads) swear by. 
From a Bethenny Frankel-loved cleansing balm to the secret to Martha Stewart’s glow, keep scrolling to shop dozens of deals on celeb-approved beauty buys all across the internet. (Plus, check out Nordstrom and Amazon’s extended sales for more great savings.)
Deep discounts on the at-home whitening solution reality stars like Chrishell Stause and Paige DeSorbo (not to mention our own editors) swear by? Now that’s worth smiling about.
“I’ve used these since high school and they’re the best things ever,” DeSorbo told E! News earlier this year. “It’s better than going to the dentist.”
From supermodels to reality stars, plenty of famous folks were early adopters of the snail mucin skincare trend. Emily Ratajkowski posted a bottle of this Cosrx standby on her Instagram Story in 2020, while Ariana Madix started stealing it from her boyfriend in 2024.
“When I would visit and stay over at his place, I would use it sometimes, and then I became addicted to it,” she told the Strategist. “I’ve been stealing it from him and I love it.”
Bloomingdale’s Cyber Week sale is still going strong, with 15%, 20% or 25% off orders over $100, $200 and $400, respectively. The department store’s a treasure trove of present picks, including gift-worthy beauty sets like this one from celeb fave Jo Malone London.
Glowy skin? It’s a good thing. Martha Stewart’s makeup artist Daisy Foye told People she uses this L’Oréal illuminator on the octogenarian icon “every day.”
“It’s how she gets that dewy look, like she just got a facial,” she added. “I’m obsessed with it.”
Want to copy Oprah’s beauty philosophy? The media mogul called the original version of this classic face cream “hands down the best moisturizer I’ve ever used” on her “Ultimate Favorite Things” list in 2010.
Bethenny Frankel’s featured this multitasking cleanser, makeup remover and mask in multiple social media videos over the years, including roundups of “expensive” stuff that’s “worth it.”
Khloé Kardashian’s even giving it out for the holidays, having shouted it out in a Today gift guide last year.
Hailey Bieber’s among EltaMD’s many famous fans. She shouted out this tinted SPF in a 2021 Elle video, saying, “A lot of sunscreens make my skin break out and this one has been my holy grail.”
Kyle Richards is also a fan, having dubbed the clear version the “absolute best, best, best product” in an Amazon Live. 
Dyson’s viral hairstyling devices don’t go on sale often, so act fast to score one for less right now. 
While everyone from Khloé Kardashian to Lindsay Lohan to Beyoncé’s used the Airwrap over the years, customers are equally obsessed; it’s got over 1,000 five-star ratings on Amazon.
Score a royally good deal on the exact spray Meghan Markle used in her “Suits” days for an on-set hair refresh.
“There is nothing like a hair flip,” she once raved to Birchbox. “When my hair is feeling a little weighted, Suanne, my hair artist on set, has me bend forward and she sprays a little Oribe Dry Texturizing Spray or nothing at all, and then has me ‘flip back hard’ to give my hair a little extra bounce.”
Oprah’s not just obsessed with Cozy Earth’s soft clothing and bedding, she’s also a huge fan of its skincare line. She raved over this rich body butter on her 2023 list, likening it to a “light veil of cashmere on your skin.”
While there are plenty of makeup sponges on the market, celebrities (and their glam pros) have a soft spot for the OG. 
Meghan Markle’s “Suits” makeup artist used it on set, while Kyle Richards told Page Six Style it’s “completely changed the beauty game for the better.”
Oprah and Drew Barrymore have both name-dropped this serum over the years, with the latter raving on Instagram, “I see a huge difference in the brightening, the tightening and the ‘youthening’ of my skin.”
Teddi Mellencamp’s also obsessed with the stuff, telling us it’s her “fave serum for clearer, smoother skin.”
Bethenny Frankel gave this drugstore staple a rave review, saying it’s “good for healing if you ever have burns or any issue or irritation.”
“The thing is, when you put it on your body, face and hair, it hydrates and it lasts,” she added on TikTok. “Like, your legs still have a nice sheen hours later. It’s extremely healing, it’s reasonable [price-wise] and it has a subtle fragrance.”
Taylor Swift’s a big fan of this award-winning volumizing formula, having swiped it on in her “Miss Americana” documentary and even sent it to a fan for “Swiftmas” years ago.
“I know the mascara name is ridiculous but it’s the best mascara I swear,” she wrote in a note at the time.
Score wow-worthy deals on the viral smoothing spray Chris Appleton uses on A-list clients like Kim Kardashian and Jennifer Lopez.
Score over 50% off the sunscreen Kathy Hilton called “the best at protecting my skin” in a recent Strategist interview.
Kyle Richards once featured this bestselling serum in an Amazon Live, calling vitamin C a “miracle” and raving she can “see a difference” after using it, per Prevention.
This lipstick’s got great word of mouth. Charlotte Tilbury’s famous pink-nude Pillow Talk shade is a red carpet mainstay seen on everyone from Britney Spears to Meghan Markle.
You won’t need a magic wand to score a free Solawave wand today: The brand’s offering a BOGO deal on all of its red light therapy devices for Cyber Week.
Katy Perry loves hers so much she stole it from Orlando Bloom’s Golden Globes gift bag, while Sydney Sweeney’s sung its praises in interviews over the years. 
Jennifer Lopez swiped on this mascara in her Vogue “Beauty Secrets” video, calling it the “most important” part of her makeup routine.
These sweet-smelling body balms have earned fans in everyone from Selena Gomez to Dua Lipa. The latter featured the cult-favorite Bum Bum Cream in her newsletter, dubbing it a “nourishing, firming lotion you can use all over.”
Talk about a blushing bride. Sofia Richie walked down the aisle wearing Nudestix’s easy-to-apply blush in the shade Picante, included in this set.
This invisible, featherweight SPF-slash-primer has a long list of celebrity fans, including Christie Brinkley, Kaia Gerber, Riley Keough and Mindy Kaling — and our own editors adore it too.
Kyle Richards can’t stop talking about this drugstore-brand mascara, which she’s featured in countless Amazon livestreams.
“Everyone who knows me knows that I only use this mascara,” she said in 2023. “It really is just a miracle, this stuff, and what I love about this mascara is I can add to it … throughout the day and it doesn’t get clumpy or anything.”
Gwyneth Paltrow’s not the only one who swears by this exfoliator; Jenna Lyons told us she uses it as a stocking stuffer, and Page Six Style & Shopping Director Elana Fishman uses it several times a week for an instant refresh.
Got deals on the brain? Shop Fenty Beauty’s Cyber Week sale for discounts on everything from must-have makeup to the Bad Gal’s signature scent.
Ulta’s offering big deals on Tarte, including this cult-favorite mascara beloved by everyone from Ali Krieger to Shay Mitchell.
You don’t need to be on Dr. Harold Lancer’s celeb-packed patient list to score 30% off sitewide right now. Kim Kardashian, Victoria Beckham and Sofia Richie (to name but a few) have all entrusted their famous faces to the top dermatologist.
Bella Hadid and Victoria Beckham are longtime fans of Dr. Barbara Sturm; Oprah’s even an investor in her company. Whether you’re giving the gift of skincare or trying the brand for the first time, this set of serums is a great starting point.
On her now-defunct blog, “The Tig,” Meghan Markle praised this exfoliator for “that home-grown glow” if you “can’t make it in” for a facial at Somerville’s LA-based clinic.
Hailey Bieber helped this creamy (and clean) concealer go viral after applying it on TikTok.
Black Friday’s also a great time to try out celeb-founded brands — like Scarlett Johansson’s The Outset, which is majorly marked down right now and a favorite of Page Six Style Senior Writer/Editor Melissa Minton’s.
Brooke Shields told Today she uses this cleansing balm “every night,” saying, “It leaves my skin smooth without being greasy or too dry.”
While it’s rare to get confirmation of Taylor Swift’s exact beauty favorites, she shouted out this classic shade in a 2015 People interview.
“It’s a staple. I was the last person to discover it,” she said at the time.
Even Lisa Vanderpump’s impressed with Shark’s budget-friendly hair tools; she called the multitasking FlexStyle “fantastic” in a recent Page Six Style interview.
Kate Hudson sang NuFace’s praises in a MindBodyGreen interview, saying, “When I do the NuFace every day, I feel a huge difference in my skin. I was not expecting that… it’s actually shocking.”
Anastasia Beverly Hills’ brow pencils are some of the best in the business, scoring fans like Chloe Bailey and Kendall Jenner.
“This is a really good brow pencil,” the latter told Vogue last year. “I’ve been through a little bit of a brow journey, working in the industry that I work in.” 
Save 30% sitewide right now — plus an extra 15% off on orders over $65.
Selena Gomez shouted out this rich moisturizer in a 2020 Vogue video, raving, “It’s so thick and yummy that you actually don’t have to use that much of it.”

					Shop deals on YSL, Smashbox, Dyson and other beauty finds at Macy’s Cyber Monday sale.				

					Save on Dyson, La Mer, Augustinus Bader and other top beauty brands for Cyber Monday.				

					Score deals on brands like Olaplex, Dyson, Therabody and more at Nordstrom’s Cyber Monday sale.				
Yes! Many brands extended Cyber Week sales beyond December 2, but shop quickly before deals–and inventory–run out.
Right here, at Page Six! If you’re in the market for celebrity-worthy styles on a budget, luxury beauty and skincare for less, or gifts so good you’ll want to keep them for yourself, check out our expert-curated Black Friday and Cyber Monday deals for the best of the best.
This article was written by Hannah Southwick, Commerce Writer/Reporter for Page Six Style. Hannah spies deals on actually affordable celebrity-worn styles, puts Hollywood’s favorite labels to the test and finds the beauty products that keep stars red carpet-ready. She consults stylists and industry pros — including celebs themselves — for firsthand product recommendations, trend predictions and more. In addition to writing for Page Six since 2020, her work has been featured in USA Today and Parade.