Today's Digital Daily	
			



	
			Today's Digital Daily	
			

Shop fall fashion deals from J.Crew, Reformation, Everlane, and more.
Commerce Writer and Producer for Footwear News and WWD

	If you purchase an independently reviewed product or service through a link on our website, WWD may receive an affiliate commission.

	Summer is coming to an end, but it’s like the saying goes — “when one door closes, another one opens.” The door in question? Fall fashion, of course! It’s the best season of the year for layering on cozy knits and leather jackets and stomping around in your best boots. Luckily, early Labor Day clothing sales have finally arrived to boost your wardrobe for fall.

	Savvy shoppers know that Labor Day Weekend fashion deals are basically a mini Black Friday. There are hundreds of sales happening across retailers like Nordstrom and Amazon, plus deals on must-have basics from brands like Everlane and Reformation, where you can score price drops at 70 percent off right now. Whether you’re shopping for back-to-school season or curating a capsule wardrobe for fall, it’s the best time to invest in stylish denim, like straight-leg jeans or baggy jeans, chic sweater dresses, or everyday shoes that go with everything, like white sneakers and driving loafers. There are also so many secret sales on designer handbags from brands beloved by fashion insiders, along with steals on jewelry styles trending for fall.

	










			You May Also Like		







	
			Related Articles	
	













	People
	



	
			Charles Leclerc on Racing, Fashion and Life Beyond the Track	
			













	Fashion Scoops
	



	
			Matteau Celebrates 10th Anniversary With Moda Operandi	
			








	Below, we’ve rounded up the best early Labor Day clothing and accessories deals to shop now, plus everything we know about top fashion sales slated for the lazy weekend. Make sure to bookmark this page, because we’ll continue to update it with not-to-miss deals as the discounts roll in.

Sign up for WWD Shop’s newsletter to get the scoop on the best in beauty and style with in-depth reviews of exciting new releases and buyer’s guides to find the products you need to try ASAP.

		Over 21,000 five-star Amazon reviewers recommend the viral Shaperx bodysuit as an incredibly flattering, versatile staple. Consider it a building block for transitional dressing — wear it as a top with a midi skirt or jeans, or layer it with a blazers or leather jacket on chilly days.Price upon publish date of this article: $37.99	

		Sweater season is upon us, so it’s time to refresh your collection of cozy knits for the cold weather ahead. This bestseller from J.Crew is made of soft cotton, with a relaxed fit, ribbed trim, and a comfortable rolled collar.Price upon publish date of this article: $53.50	

Baggy jeans are some of the most versatile and comfortable pieces to keep in your rotation and, luckily, the style is still trending for fall. We rarely see discounts on Mother denim, so this 55 percent off deal on stylish relaxed-fit jeans is a total steal. Price upon publish date of this article: $116.10	

		Everlane’s cult-favorite shirt dress makes dressing for the office super easy and exceptionally chic. This one-and-done outfit solution features four pockets, hidden buttons, and lightweight cotton fabrication.Price upon publish date of this article: $55	

		Trench coats are a classic transitional style because they’re easy to layer and look good with pretty much everything. Score this traditional silhouette from Abercrombie in brown, green, or white at 15 percent off right now.Price upon publish date of this article: $136	

		Soft pajamas and a hot cup of coffee are a match made in heaven. Cosabella’s shorts and robe set is made of blissful Pima cotton and luxe satin piping is an amazing two-for-one deal — and is a no-brainer holiday gift for her, too.Price upon publish date of this article: $122.25	

		Yep, you read that right — you can snag a cozy polar fleece jacket for just $10 during Amazon’s Labor Day deals. It’s the e-tailer’s bestselling jacket right now, with plus sizing available and lots of cute color options.Price upon publish date of this article: $10.40	

		Sweater vests are always a smart choice for those chilly fall mornings that quickly turn to hot afternoons. Plus, this sunshine yellow color will brighten up gray and rainy days.  Price upon publish date of this article: $59.99	

		If you don’t have a midi slip skirt on deck for fall, you better get moving on this 70 percent off deal at Banana Republic. Available in black and blue, it features flattering asymmetrical seams, full lining, and silky fabrication. Price upon publish date of this article: $24	

		Now’s your chance to save nearly $150 on one of the best Tory Burch handbags. It’s got luxe leather quilting, convertible straps, and plenty of space for your daily haul. Price upon publish date of this article: $348	

		If you want to treat yourself to something extra special (what better way to kick off a new season?), we recommend making a beeline to Blue Nile’s Anniversary Sale. These contemporary drop earrings are so trendy for fall and add understated shine to outfits for work or play. Price upon publish date of this article: $88	

		Taylor Swift is often seen wearing Reformation loafers, so they’re rarely in stock — let alone on sale. Her Agathea Chunky Loafers are finally back in time for Labor Day Weekend deals, with so many color options marked down over $100 off.Price upon publish date of this article: $134	

		The weather may be cooling down, but the sun is always shining bright. These bold tortoiseshell sunglasses from Kimeze are universally flattering and go with practically any outfit — what a steal.  Price upon publish date of this article: $101.70	

		You can personalize a trending pearl necklace with an alphabet pendant with this find from 8 Other Reasons (you’ll want to grab another for holiday gifting). Price upon publish date of this article: $36	

	This year, Labor Day occurs on September 2, 2024. For many, the three-day weekend represents the last hurrah of the summer season — and it’s when brands host end-of-season sales that slash prices on summery items and offer rare deals on new releases. 

Amazon Although Amazon’s official sales events only happen during Prime Day in July and October, that doesn’t mean there aren’t countless deals to shop over the holiday weekend. There are tons of discounts up for grabs, including perennial staples like straight-leg jeans, cozy socks, bodysuits, and affordable handbags. 

NordstromYou can rest assured there Nordstrom has plenty of sweet deals to take advantage of during Labor Day. The retailer’s sale section is chock full of new markdowns like iconic Tory Burch Miller Sandals, warm puffer jackets, and designer handbags from Marc Jacobs, Burberry, Kate Spade and so much more.

ReformationFor a limited time Reformation’s Summer Sale is offering rare deals up to 50 percent off across bestselling summer dresses, knits, cute sandals, and fall-ready footwear — including the restocked Agathea Chunky Loafers worn by Taylor Swift and Jadey Cashmere Oversized V-neck Sweater seen on Selena Gomez and Jessica Alba.

J.CrewThe Summer-To-Fall sale at J.Crew has a bounty of discounted styles starting from $29.95. We’re eyeing the viral “old money” Emilie Sweater Jacket that’s already 28 percent off — but with the code SHOPSALE, you can score another 50 percent price drop. 

	










EverlaneIf you’re looking to haul contemporary basics over Labor Day Weekend, you don’t want to miss Everlane’s End of Summer Sale. Select items are discounted from 50 to 70 percent off, including versatile shirt dresses, baggy jeans, and comfortable dress shoes, like the bestselling Day Glove flats and Day Mules.

8 Other ReasonsFrom August 28 to September 1, 8 Other Reasons is offering serious savings across accessories like trendy jewelry and shoulder bags. Score 50 percent off your e-cart with the discount code: 50 OFF.

CosabellaYou can save an extra 20 percent off Cosabella’s sale selection on August 29 through September 2 with the code: Summer20. Plus, you’ll have another chance to score 20 percent off with sitewide deals from September 21 to 25, with the checkout code: Friends20.

CupsheCupshe is offering three tiers of amazing deals through Labor Day Weekend. The sales will start on August 31 and wrap on September 4, with price drops peaking to a whopping 70 percent off, plus opportunities to earn even more savings if you purchase three or more items. 

ThirdloveFrom August 28 to September 4, shop Thirdlove’s selection of bras for large busts, wireless bras, workout clothes, and swimwear up to 35 percent off, plus an extra 20 percent price drop on orders over $135.

Blue NileLooking for serious deals on luxurious jewelry? Blue Nile’s diamond engagement rings and trending fall jewelry happen to be marked down during the brand’s Anniversary Sale — don’t miss your chance to save up to 40 percent off now through September 7.

	Since 1910, WWD — often referred to as “the fashion bible” — has been the leading industry voice of authority for senior executives in the global women’s and men’s fashion, retail and beauty communities, while also informing the consumer media that cover the market. Today, WWD’s breaking news and trend coverage continues to be a trustworthy resource for both fashion insiders and consumers alike. Our shopping editors continue to uphold WWD’s editorial standards and values with quality, expert-backed product selections. Learn more about us here.

Olivia Cigliano is a Commerce Writer & Producer at Footwear News and WWD where she writes and edits shopping content across fashion, beauty, footwear, TikTok style trends, and more. Cigliano received her bachelor’s degree in journalism from Emerson College, and her byline can be found in publications including Elite Daily and CR Fashion Book. She is currently based in New York City. At WWD, she regularly reports on exciting sales and shopping events like Labor Day Weekend clothing sales.
Sign up for WWD news straight to your inbox every day
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
WWD and Women's Wear Daily are part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All Rights Reserved.