want/need
Zoe Saldaña has been busy promoting her new movie Emilia Pérez amid a ton of much-deserved Oscar buzz. The film also stars Selena Gomez and is a French musical crime drama that tells the story of a Mexican lawyer who helps a notorious cartel boss retire and privately transition into living as a woman. It sounds like a lot, but it's definitely a must-see. And luckily you can do just that, as it is streaming now on Netflix.
Know what else is a must-see? The actress' style in recent weeks. From green ruched mini dresses and strapless leather jumpsuits to head-to-toe tailoring in androgynous chic, she has been doing it all. And her latest look might just be her best yet.
In the midst of being out and about, Zoe attended the Elle Women in Hollywood event on Tuesday 19 November looking incredible. She STUNS, if you will.
The actress arrived on the red – make that black, très chic – carpet wearing a Schiaparelli design that is best described as equal parts chic, equal parts seriously cool. The denim (!!) dress featured a scooped halter neck, corseted bodice with exposed seaming and patch pockets à la a pair of jeans sewn at either hip. Our favourite detail however, was the zippered fastening that ran down the entire front of the design, with Zoe unzipping it to the mid-thigh to create a central leg slit.
She wore gold strappy sandals on her feet to tie in with the gold zip and paired the look with a berry lip and burgundy nails, plus some statement pearl and gold earrings for good measure. I mean. Beyond.
Mehera Bonner is a celebrity and entertainment news writer who enjoys Bravo and Antiques Roadshow with equal enthusiasm, She was previously entertainment editor at Marie Claire and has covered pop culture for over a decade. 
Julia Fox’s frilly knickers have bum-crack cut-out
The most revealing Met Gala naked dresses *ever*
Rosie Huntington-Whiteley is selling her wardrobe
Flo Pugh's sheer strapless gown = style switch-up
Sydney Sweeney's tiny ruffle nude corset dress =🔥
Blake Lively's corset gown = Old Hollywood glamour
Shopping Sydney Sweeney’s stripe bikini & trousers
Flo Pugh's black lace ballgown is *SO* see-through
A deep dive into Lola Young's style transformation
Shop Olivia Rodrigo's stunning Rixo dress
Maya serves sexy underboob in bikini beach snaps
Zendaya's naked dress has a huuuge thigh split
Cosmopolitan, Part of the Hearst UK Fashion & Beauty Network
Cosmopolitan participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England 112955. All Rights Reserved.