By Rosy Cordero 
Associate Editor, TV

Eva Longoria is back in front of the cameras, following a busy award season supporting her feature film directorial debut Flamin’ Hot. Longoria has been cast in Hulu‘s Only Murders in the Building Season 4 in a recurring role.

	Details regarding the new season’s plot and character descriptions remain under wraps. However, we do know the new episodes will focus on unraveling the murder of Sazz Pataki (Jane Lynch), Charles-Haden Savage’s (Steve Martin) mind-bogglingly identical stunt double from his years on the series Brazzos and its 2020 revival. 

	Disney Television Group President Craig Erwich revealed in a recent Deadline interview that the Only Murders In the Building trio: Charles, Oliver (Martin Short) and Mabel (Selena Gomez), will kick off the new season with a trip to Los Angeles before returning to The Arconia in their search of Sazz’s killer.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	













	News
	



	
		
					2025 Premiere Dates For New & Returning Series On Broadcast, Cable & Streaming		
			















	News
	



	
		
					Sarah Michelle Gellar Debunks 'Buffy' Reboot "Fake" Details, Praises Chloé Zhao's "Passion"		
			







	Longoria’s character becomes integral to the twists and turns of this season’s investigation, sources close to production reveal. She joins Molly Shannon, the first new cast member announced for Season 4, we confirmed, in the role of a high-powered LA businesswoman who finds herself drawn into the world of the investigation in NY. 




			Watch on Deadline		






	Meryl Streep recently set her Season 4 return reprising the role of Loretta Durkin. In the Season 3 finale—following her highly praised performance in Oliver’s Broadway hit Death Rattle Dazzle— Loretta received two offers in productions that would require her to relocate to Los Angeles. Her new beau Oliver is into this idea as it would allow him to visit the City of Angels. Mabel’s new love interest Tobert (Jesse Williams) is also headed west, and surprisingly, she’s also keen on taking a little break from New York. 

	The Emmy-nominated comedy, produced by 20th Television, is co-created and co-written by Steve Martin and John Hoffman who also executive produce alongside Short, Gomez, Dan Fogelman and Jess Rosenthal.

	Longoria recently kicked off promotions for her new Apple TV+ series Land of Women in which she executive produces and stars opposite Carmen Maura. The six-episode dramedy series is inspired by Sandra Barneda’s best-selling novel of the same name and will be presented in both Spanish and English. 

	In addition to her work directing, acting and producing through her production company UnbeliEVAble Entertainment, Longoria partnered last fall with Cris Abrego to form the new media holding company and premium content studio, Hyphenate Media Group. Land of Women is the company’s first project. 

	










	Up next, she is set to star in Alexander and the Terrible, Horrible, No Good, Very Bad Day. Longoria will also produce and star in the TV adaptation of Isabel Allende’s bestselling novel The House of the Spirits for FilmNation Entertainment. The series is a family saga following the extraordinary lives of three generations of women in the Trueba Family.

	Other upcoming projects include the Disney+ original series, from 20th Television, Paola Santiago and the River of Tears, currently in development. The series is inspired by the legend of La Llorona (the weeping woman) and follows teenage Paola on a quest to save her best friend from a different world steeped in Latin folklore that defies logic and legend; and the HBO film A Class Apart, which tells the incredible true story of a group of Mexican Americans fighting for their civil rights during a landmark case that leads to the Supreme Court.

	Longoria is represented by WME, Linden Entertainment and Yorn, Levine, Barnes, et al.
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.