“We're going to talk about our dream nominees,” declares Gold Derby managing editor Chris Beachum. "We'll talk about the 2024 Emmy nominations coming up, but not in terms of who we're predicting, which you can see any of our predictions on the website anytime you want," he teases, adding that the focus of this rare insight into what the editors are hoping for rather than their official predictions, focusing on "people that are on the bubble that might get in, people maybe even a little further down, like a top 10, top 12 kind of a person or show." Beachum is joined by senior editors Marcus James Dixon, Rob Licuria, Matt Noble and Ray Richmond to dish who and what are dark horse contenders for Emmy nominations announced in just over a couple of weeks' time on Wednesday, July 17. Watch our 2024 "Dream Emmys" video slugfest above.
SEE Watch our lively chats with hundreds of 2024 Emmy contenders
"We're not going to talk today about people that are locked to get in. You won't hear us talking about most of the people on 'The Bear' or 'Hacks' or 'Shogun' or 'Baby Reindeer,' because they're getting in. We're going to give some mental support, some emotional support to some of the ones that are waiting to see," Beachum says, opening the discussion with the comedy races, then drama, then movies and limited series, and finishing with other miscellaneous contenders that the guys are holding out hope for. "I hope that they take notice of 'Colin From Accounts.' It's a very funny show. It's sweet, it's feel good, it's a little raunchy," Licuria beams about the Paramount+ comedy. "I really hope that they give some love to the show, if not in comedy series, then perhaps maybe for Harriet Dyer in comedy actress, Patrick Brammall in comedy actor, or maybe a writing nomination," he says. Other comedy contenders the guys advocate for include "Reservation Dogs" (Noble), the cast of "Curb Your Enthusiasm" (Noble), Selena Gomez from "Only Murders in the Building" (Noble), "Ghosts" (Richmond), "Abbott Elementary" stars Chris Perfetti and Lisa Ann Walter (Dixon), the cast of "Saturday Night Live" (Dixon), "Palm Royale" (Beachum) and "Bookie" (Licuria).
On the drama side, the guys plead their case for a range of series in a wide-open field that doesn't include previous juggernauts "Succession," "The Last of Us," "The White Lotus" and "Better Call Saul." Richmond loves the Apple TV+ thriller "Hijack," AMC crime drama "Parish," Maya Erskine from "Mr. and Mrs. Smith" and Mariska Hargitay ("Law & Order: SVU"). Dixon goes all-in for "Loki," "Elsbeth" and Dale Dickey ("Fallout"), while Licuria says he is manifesting a few mentions for both "Star Trek: Discovery" and "Star Trek: Strange New Worlds," and gives a shoutout to Netflix sci-fi blockbuster "3 Body Problem," AppleTV+ spy drama "Slow Horses," Paramount+ action thriller "Special Ops: Lioness" and Donald Glover and the guest cast from Amazon Prime Video action drama "Mr. and Mrs. Smith." Noble says Showtime's "The Curse" should be on the Emmy radar, and Beachum hypes Jane Krakowski's guest role on "Elsbeth" and Apple TV+'s "The Morning Show," reminding everybody that "it's never gotten into series, so I don't think we can count those chickens until we see them hatch."
SEE Emmys update: Competition heats up as first-round voting ends
"My favorite limited series of the year is probably going to be completely skunked, which I'm not happy about, but it's 'The Fall of the House of Usher' on Netflix; with Mary McDonnell for supporting actress and Carla Gugino for lead actress," Dixon chimes in to kick off the discussion about TV movies and limited series. He also touts Sam Spruell ("Fargo") and Johnny Flynn ("Ripley"). Noble adds to the hosannas for Spruell, noting that his "Fargo" co-stars Joe Keery and Dave Foley deserve a shot too. Beachum muses about anthology drama "Black Mirror," Licuria hypes Nava Mau ("Baby Reindeer"), Hulu sci-fi thriller movie "No One Will Save You," Starz's "Mary & George" and Paramount+ courtroom drama "The Caine Mutiny Court-Martial," while Richmond pipes up for Sofia Vergara ("Griselda"), historical dramas "Masters of the Air," "All the Light We Cannot See," and "The Tattooist of Auschwitz," Chloe Guidry ("Under the Bridge"), Uzo Aduba ("Painkiller") and "The Great Lillian Hall," for which Beachum wholeheartedly concurs, along with his favorite, "Unfrosted" on Netflix, because it's "the longest and most I've laughed on anything -- feature film, TV series, TV movie, limited series, anything in the past year," he proclaims. "This is just such an embarrassment of riches," Richmond adds. "It's just mind boggling, the fact that there are only going to be five slots for limited series itself is is a crime."
Outside comedy, drama and limited/movies, the guys also advocate for "The Traitors" and its host Alan Cumming (Dixon), "Survivor" (Noble), "Archer" (Richmond), Kasia Walicka-Maimone's costumes on "The Gilded Age" (Licuria). Beachum wraps up the chat by cheering for the cinematography on "Ripley," his favorite late night talk shows and documentaries and the “Which of the Pickwick Triplets Did It?” patter song from “Only Murders in the Building,” written by Benj Pasek, Justin Paul, Marc Shaiman and Scott Wittman.
PREDICT the 2024 Emmy nominees through July 17
Make your predictions at Gold Derby now. Download our free and easy app for Apple/iPhone devices or Android (Google Play) to compete against legions of other fans plus our experts and editors for best prediction accuracy scores. See our latest prediction champs. Can you top our esteemed leaderboards next? Always remember to keep your predictions updated because they impact our latest racetrack odds, which terrify Hollywood chiefs and stars. Don’t miss the fun. Speak up and share your huffy opinions in our famous forums where 5,000 showbiz leaders lurk every day to track latest awards buzz. Everybody wants to know: What do you think? Who do you predict and why?
SIGN UP for Gold Derby’s free newsletter with latest predictions
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…
Take a trip back to the Academy Awards ceremonies of the recent past with Gold Derby’s Oscars Playback series. Hosts Joyce Eng and Christopher Rosen recap every Oscar ceremony of the 1990s and 2000s. Joyce and Chris tackle the highs and lows of each show and see how the winners aged. It’s a wonderful night for Oscar, whenever you watch!

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media