Tonight on "The Masked Singer," the three remaining contestants battle it out for the final two spots as they serenade the audience and panelists Robin Thicke, Jenny McCarthy Wahlberg, Ken Jeong and Rita Ora with songs like “You Oughta Know,” “Dancing In The Street,” and “I Lived.” Nick Cannon hosts the wild and wacky fun.
The Season 11 contestants boast a combined 22 Grammy nominations, 11 platinum albums, 33 Teen Choice nominations, 108 million records sold, 326 film appearances and have 1.7 billion Spotify streams!
Below, read our minute-by-minute “The Masked Singer” recap of Season 11, Episode 11, to find out what happened Wednesday, May 15 at 9:00 p.m. ET/PT on FOX. Then be sure to sound off in the comments section about your favorite costumed characters on Fox’s reality TV show and who you think has what it takes to win the entire competition.
SEE Chrissy Metz on belting out hits as 'The Masked Singer' Poodle Moth and her scandalous upcoming STARZ drama 
Keep refreshing/reloading this “The Masked Singer” live blog for the most recent updates.
9:00 p.m. — “Previously on ‘The Masked Singer’!” In Episode 10, the final four faced off in this season's quarter-finals. Clock and Goldfish were cleared for safety, forcing Gumball and Poodle Moth to battle it out in an epic smackdown. In the end, Poodle Moth was unmasked, revealing Golden Globe nominated actress Chrissy Metz. Who will unmask tonight? And who will advance to the Season 11 finale?
9:05 p.m. -- To kick off the festivities, Clock, Goldfish and Gumball combine forces for a fun group performance of Whitney Houston's version of "Higher Love." Next, Gumball prepares to hit the stage for his big solo, revealing in his clue package, "If you had told me that being a big, old gumball machine would be my favorite role yet, I would not have believed you. But, becoming Gumball has allowed me to tap into my roots and do something I have loved from the start, singing. Music was my first love, but when I moved to Hollywood I had to give that part of myself up to be taken seriously. Hollywood is a bit like a gumball machine. People put a quarter in you and take a piece of you that they want. And I'm grateful for my life, but 'The Masked Singer' has been me taking my quarter back and doing what I love for a change. I want my kids to see that their dad never said no to an adventure. And that's my wish for them as well, that they live life to the fullest, even if that means putting on a Gumball costume and rocking out. Tonight's performance is for my kids, and if it takes me to the finale, that would be extra sweet."
9:10 p.m. -- Gumball is singing "I Lived" by OneRepublic. The panelists are shocked at how much better Gumball gets each week. This is a contestant who has landed in multiple smackdowns to save his life and now he may just be the front-runner. Great vocal from the Gumball tonight! Jenny calls it "a winning finale performance." Robin says he picked the right time to give his best performance yet. Tonight's Super Clue for Gumball is a cheerleader, leading cheers for the contestant. Gumball says, "Hearing those cheers reminds me of a role that changed this Gumball's life forever." This leads the panel to guess James Van Der Beek (Robin), Jason Sudeikis (Jenny) and Taylor Kitsch (Rita).
9:16 p.m. -- Next up is Clock. In her clue package she reveals, "Standing here in the semi-finals has been a total statement for me because, well, I'm not as young as I used to be. But becoming the Clock has been so fun, it's reminded me after all these years, mama's still got it. But it's also been a challenge. When I was younger, I had stage fright so bad, my knees would knock together under my gospel robe. I had to learn how to connect with the audience through eye contact and a smile. And now, this mask takes all that away! So, I've had to connect in other ways. This dress was not made for moving, but that doesn't stop me. See, I wanted to 'Masked Singer' to introduce myself to a whole new generation. To make it this far is a real treat. So now, I'm going to be singing, dancing and twerking my way into the finale."
9:25 p.m. -- Clock is singing "Dancing in the Streets" by Martha and the Vandellas. This diva certainly's still got it! Robin calls it an amazing performance and says she's putting herself right at the top. For Clock's Super Clue, the men in black bring out a pile of gold bars. She says, "This isn't the first stage show that I have done, and every performance has been solid gold, baby!" The panelists guess Clock could be Stephanie Mills (Robin), Roberta Flack (Jenny) or Thelma Houston (Rita). Jenny hits the Blue Prime button for an additional clue -- which are roller skates. Will that help them out?
9:32 p.m. -- Goldfish is up last tonight. In her clue package she reveals, "Being in the semi-finals is sort of surreal. I gotta say, fame was never my goal. I honestly thought I was going to be a pediatrician, but I loved to perform. I just didn't realize that in order to do what I love I would have to live in a fish bowl. It made me retreat and be a lot more private. Becoming the Goldfish has unleashed a really fun, silly side of myself that, honestly, only a few people in my life get to see. It's been so much fun letting loose. Coming from a girl who once wore a prom dress to an awards show, this is everything. The gown, the gills, the glam! Tonight, I am singing "You Oughta Know" by Alanis Morissette. And I'm here to remind you that I would love a spot in the finale. It would mean everything to put that Golden Mask trophy next to my others. Oh, and I would really like to take the microphone too. Thanks!"
9:36 p.m. -- Goldfish is singing "You Oughta Know." This isn't a great song choice for Goldfish's voice, but I feel like she's the judge's favorite and will likely swim into the finale anyways. Robin is applauding from on top of the table, so they're clearly more enthusiastic about this performance than I was. Rita applauds the song choice, attitude and energy. Robin says it was the first time he got on the desk this season. For Goldfish's Super Clue, Mouse (Demi Lovato) appears on stage and gives Goldfish a hug. Goldfish says, "It's a real blast from the past, because me and the Mouse, we go way, way back." This leads the panelists to guess Vanessa Hudgens (Rita), Ashley Tisdale (Rita), Selena Gomez (Jenny) and Hilary Duff (Robin).
9:45 p.m. -- It's now time for an epic three-way Battle Royale. Clock, Gumball and Goldfish each put their own spin on "A Moment Like This" by Kelly Clarkson. Everyone sounds great, but who has convinced the audience to vote for them one last time? And who will be unmasked. We're about to find out!
9:55 p.m. -- The votes have been cast and we are about to find out who will be in the Season 11 finale and who will be unmasking in third place. The person being unmasked tonight is Clock. Boo! I disagree with those results, but congratulations to Gumball and Goldfish for moving on.
10:00 p.m. -- Before Clock takes it off the panelists reveal their final guesses: Stephanie Mills (Robin), Roberta Flack (Jenny), Janet Jackson (Ken) and Thelma Houston (Rita). At last, Clock pulls off that mask and reveals she is Grammy-winning music legend Thelma Houston! Rita was right! And that's a wrap for this semi-finals.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…
Take a trip back to the Academy Awards ceremonies of the recent past with Gold Derby’s Oscars Playback series. Hosts Joyce Eng and Christopher Rosen recap every Oscar ceremony of the 1990s and 2000s. Joyce and Chris tackle the highs and lows of each show and see how the winners aged. It’s a wonderful night for Oscar, whenever you watch!

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media