Every item on this page was chosen by an ELLE editor. We may earn commission on some of the items you choose to buy.
Zoe Saldaña had one of her bolder fashion moments of the year on the red carpet for ELLE’s Women in Hollywood event, held in partnership with Ralph Lauren, Harry Winston, and TikTok. Saldaña wore a Schiaparelli denim corset dress with a zipper running down the center. She accessorized with Sauer stud earrings.
The star first posed solo, then with her fellow Women in Hollywood honorees and Emilia Pérez co-stars Selena Gomez and Karla Sofía Gascón.
In her ELLE cover story with Gomez and Gascón, Saldaña spoke about how she’d wanted to do a Spanish-speaking role for over a decade before landing Emilia Pérez. “The opportunity never really came,” she began. “Either the project just wasn’t the right fit for me or an Afro-Caribbean Latina wasn’t the right fit for the project. It’s a combination of a director’s vision, which you want to be respectful of and honor, and the other side, colonialism and colorism, which is rampant in Latin America. I was very much like, ‘Well, that’s okay, I’m going to dance to the beat of my own drum and I’ll go to space and I’ll be green and I’ll be blue [in the Avengers and Avatar films] and I’ll do all those things.’ Then 15 years go by, and I’m yearning for that reconnection.”
She also shared what she wished she knew about the industry when she was younger: “[The] power of saying no. You feel like you’re running out of time, especially if you’re a woman. It was do it all, ‘Do as much as possible, say yes as much as you can,’ even when those moments were betraying my true feelings about how I felt about meeting someone or jumping into something really quickly. One thing I try to tell a lot of younger women is [along the line of what] something that I heard Jane Fonda say in an interview: You can always say no.”
Read Saldaña’s full interview here.
TUNE IN TO ELLE’S WOMEN IN HOLLYWOOD EVENT ON TIKTOK
Cameron Diaz on What She Loves About Making Movies
Danielle Deadwyler ‘Dares Not to Forget’ 
Julianne Moore and Tilda Swinton Talk Friendship
Watch Mikey Madison’s Women in Hollywood Speech
Saoirse Ronan Feels Indebted to Greta Gerwig
Watch Demi Moore’s ELLE Women in Hollywood Speech
Emilia Pérez Stars Call for Women’s Freedom
A ‘Now and Then’ Reunion at Women in Hollywood
Tilda Swinton Wore a Tweed Look at ELLE’s Event
Demi Moore Looks Like a Queen in Ralph Lauren
Julianne Moore Stuns in a Timeless Red Dress
Selena Gomez Wears a Sparkly Ralph Lauren Suit
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.