Things you buy through our links may earn Vox Media a commission.

              Save this article to read it later.
              






              Find this story in your account’s ‘Saved for Later’ section.
              





We were so young on November 23, 2016. “Closer” by the Chainsmokers was giving way on the top of the Hot 100 to “Black Beatles” by Rae Sremmurd. Gymnast Laurie Hernandez had just won Dancing With the Stars. Donald Trump had been elected but not yet indicted. And oh, yeah, Moana came out. And now, not even seven years later, we have Chainsmokers taking over Las Vegas, Olympians in the DwtS finale, and Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson announcing a live-action version of Moana. Oh, how times change. Here’s everything we know, including a sneak peek of The Rock as Maui.
Johnson, who appears to be starring once again as Maui, is practically giddy with excitement at the prospect of returning to the Moana-verse, getting his daughters to bring him his magic staff and reminiscing about how his grandfather inspired the character. You’re welcome! Hopefully his excitement portends good things, but the last time we saw Mr. The Rock this excited was for Black Adam, and well …
Johnson, the shampoo seller, finally has hair! At least just for the movie. People reported behind-the-scenes photos of Johnson on set as Maui in a latex tattooed suit, grass skirt, and necklace—topped with a long-haired wig. While there haven’t been many other photos from the set, we do have an idea of what other props from the film look like relative to Johnson’s muscles. Alan Bergman, co-chairman of Disney Entertainment, shared a pic of himself with Maui’s fish hook, but what about the rest of the cast?
Catherine Laga‘aia, a 16-year-old from Australia, will be stepping into Auli‘i Cravalho’s lack of shoes as the star of Moana. “I’m really excited to embrace this character because Moana is one of my favorites,” said Laga‘aia in a statement obtained by The Hollywood Reporter. “My grandfather comes from Fa‘aala, Palauli, in Savai‘i. And my grandmother is from Leulumoega Tuai on the main island of ‘Upolu in Samoa. I’m honored to have an opportunity to celebrate Samoa and all Pacific Island peoples, and to represent young girls who look like me.” Laga’aia’s father, Jay, played Captain Typho in the Star Wars prequels.
Also joining the cast are John Tui as Moana’s dad, Frankie Adams as Moana’s mother, and Rena Owen as Gramma Tala. No word on whether Alan Tudyk will rely on his Julliard training once again to voice HeiHei.
Disney has set the premiere of live-action Moana for July 10, 2026.
Things you buy through our links may earn Vox Media a commission.
Have an Account?