ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA - OCTOBER 04: Selena Gomez attends The Inaugural Rare Impact Fund Benefit ... More Supporting Youth Mental Health Hosted by Selena Gomez at Nya Studios on October 04, 2023 in Los Angeles, California. Selena Gomez goes from one to three top 10 hits on one chart in the U.K. in one swoop, as both "Bad Liar" and "Fetish" become smashes—again. (Photo by Kevin Winter/Getty Images)
Selena Gomez fans are known as some of the most dedicated in the global music industry. They collectively show up to turn any tune she releases into a quick smash. Even her older tracks, when released on new formats, can become hits again, as her following is willing to purchase tunes whenever they can—even multiple times—in order to see her succeed.
That’s exactly what’s happened this week on the U.K. charts. Gomez earns a pair of new top 10 hits on one tally, but not with just-released tunes. Several of her older singles debut on a tally they were never eligible for after the pop superstar released them on vinyl, turning them into collectibles for die-hard supporters.
As she claims another two huge wins, Gomez significantly improves her career wins on one tally. The Grammy nominee instantly triples her total number of placements inside the top 10 on the Official Vinyl Singles chart in the U.K., which measures the bestselling individual tracks on vinyl in the country.
Between her new smashes, “Bad Liar” opens highest—though it doesn’t win the week by much. That track, a solo affair initially released in 2017, opens at No. 4 on the Official Vinyl Singles chart.
Just one rung lower, Gomez doubles her bestsellers this frame. “Fetish,” which saw her team up with rapper Gucci Mane, launches at No. 5. That song was released immediately after “Bad Liar,” so the timing of these vinyl drops does make sense.
Before this week, Gomez had only reached the Official Vinyl Singles tally once. Last fall, her then-brand new track “Single Soon” rose as high as No. 4. The singer ties her own best showing this period, opening “Bad Liar” in the same position.
Both “Bad Liar” and “Fetish” also reach the top 10 on another, closely-related list. The two tunes make a splash on the Official Physical Singles chart in the United Kingdom. They start their time on that roster at Nos. 5 and 7, respectively.