By ADAM S. LEVY FOR MAILONLINE and SONYA GUGLIARA FOR DAILYMAIL.COM and JIMMY MCCLOSKEY FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  01:12, 23 September 2024   |  Updated:  10:44, 23 September 2024   
 1.3k
View  comments
Management for Janet Jackson say that an unauthorized party spoke on the singer's behalf in a previously-released apology over remarks she made over Democratic presidential candidate Kamala Harris' background.
Reps for 58-year-old Jackson, whose brothers were in the Jackson Five who were behind such hits as Blame It On The Boogie, told Variety that the widely-released statement came from someone who is not a manager for the Grammy-winning artist.
According to the outlet, a person identifying themselves as Mo Elmasri 'apparently inaccurately' told Buzzfeed he was the singer's rep in the mea culpa for the statements about the vice president.
The statement from Elmasri read: 'Janet Jackson would like to clarify her recent comments. She recognizes that her statements regarding Vice President Kamala Harris' racial identity were based on misinformation.
It continued: 'Janet respects Harris' dual heritage as both Black and Indian and apologizes for any confusion caused. 
Management for Janet Jackson, 58, say that an unauthorized party spoke on the singer's behalf in an previously-released apology over Democratic presidential candidate Kamala Harris' background. Jackson pictured in NYC in February 
Jackson sent shockwaves through social media when she confessed her controversial views about the Democratic 2024 presidential nominee to The Guardian 
'She values the diversity Harris represents and understands the importance of celebrating that in today's society. 'Janet remains committed to promoting unity and understanding.'
The Gary, Indiana-born entertainer has been managed by her brother Randy for years, Variety reported, adding that the family was 'unavailable for comment' as they mourn the September 15 death of Tito Jackson.
An iMDb bio for Elmasri says he's an Egyptian filmmaker who runs 24 East Agency, a consultation fire. It stated that Elmasri 'now works as a creative consultant for many global superstars, including Janet Jackson, Beyonce, Britney Spears and Selena Gomez.'
Elmasri's credits on the website include executive producer on Janet Jackson: Family First; as well as 'uncredited' roles as creative director on 2019's Fast & Furious Presents: Hobbs & Shaw and trainee assistant director on 2019's John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum.
Elmasri told The Daily Beast Sunday in an email, 'Janet Jackson fired me due to disagreements between me, her, and Randy, after her meeting with the Guardian and her unbalanced statements. That’s all I can say.'
Elmasri said that he couldn't 'receive phone calls due to the large number of calls' he had incoming on the issue, adding, 'All support to Kamala Harris.'
Reps for Jackson told TMZ on Sunday that 'Elmasri has absolutely no connection to' the Control artist.
Jackson sent shockwaves through social media when she confessed her controversial views about the Democratic 2024 presidential nominee to The Guardian.
Donald Trump said that Harris 'happened to turn Black' while discussing her race with Black journalists in July, with the former president since doubling-down
Harris was born to Shyamala Gopalan, an Indian cancer researcher and Donald Harris, a Black economics professor from Jamaica (pictured together in the 1960s)
She said: 'Well, you know what they supposedly said? She's not Black. That's what I heard. That she's Indian. Her father's white. That's what I was told. I mean, I haven't watched the news in a few days. I was told that they discovered her father was white.'
In response to a whirlwind of criticism and disappointment with the pop star's comments - which are similar to ones made by Republican 2024 presidential candidate Donald Trump - Elmasri issued the aforementioned statement to Buzzfeed. 
The statement attributed to Elmasri did not go over well with everyone. 
One X user posted: 'Janet Jackson sounded an absolute fool in that interview and I am very disappointed. We are less than 50 days away from the election. We gotta talk smarter!'
Another user posted on X: 'Janet Jackson is one of the most influential people in music history. It was simply irresponsible of her to repeat something she "heard" regarding the very thing that they use against Kamala! Her own race.'
Harris, 59, was born in 1964 to Dr Shyamala Gopalan, an Indian-born cancer researcher, and Donald J. Harris, a Black Jamaican economics professor. The couple wed in 1963 and separated in 1971, after welcoming Kamala and her younger sister Maya, 57.
Gopalan died of cancer in 2009 aged 70, while Donald Harris, 86, is now a professor emeritus of economics at Stanford University after retiring in 1998.
Jackson's late brother Michael faced controversy about his skin after it changed color from Black to white over the course of his career. He blamed a medical condition called vitiligo and denied bleaching his skin.
The Gary, Indiana-born entertainer has been managed by her brother Randy for years, Variety reported, adding that the family was 'unavailable for comment' as they mourn the September 15 death of Tito Jackson 
Trump claimed Harris 'happened to turn Black' while addressing a the National Association of Black Journalists' convention in Chicago in July.
He said: 'She was always of Indian heritage, and she was only promoting Indian heritage.
'I didn't know she was Black until a number of years ago, when she happened to turn Black, and now she wants to be known as Black. So I don't know, is she Indian or is she Black?
'I respect either one, but she obviously doesn't, because she was Indian all the way, and then all of a sudden she made a turn and she went – she became a Black person. I think somebody should look into that too.'
Harris shrugged off the remarks days later accusing Trump of 'the same old show, the divisiveness and the disrespect.'
She added: 'The American people deserve better.'
The vice president has yet to comment on Jackson's remarks about her race.
Trump's comments on Harris race outraged many conservatives, with even his own supporters said to be annoyed at the former president for not focusing on attacks on Harris' policies.
Trump is pictured at the National Association of Black Journalists event in Chicago in July where he made the remarks about Harris' race 
Earlier this month, Trump appeared to double down on his comments about Harris' race.
'I don't care what she is. I don't care. Whatever she wants to be is okay with me.'
Polls show that the race between Trump and Harris remains on a knife edge ahead of election day on Tuesday November 5.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group