The "Emily in Paris" star talks working with the screen legend on season 3 of the hit whodunnit. 
Jessica is a staff writer at Entertainment Weekly, where she covers TV, movies, and pop culture. Her work has appeared in Bustle, NYLON, Cosmopolitan, InStyle, and more. She lives in California with her dog.
 Ashley Park received a special message from her Only Murders in the Building costar Meryl Streep that still makes her emotional to this very day.

 Appearing on the latest episode of pal Jesse Tyler Ferguson's Dinner's On Me podcast, Park recalled working with the screen icon on season 3 of the hit dramedy as costars on the fictional Death Rattle musical put on by Oliver Putnam (Martin Short), sharing the empowering note that Streep left on a fake Playbill for the faux musical.

 “You know how at the end of Broadway shows, when you leave a show, you have everyone sign your Playbill?" Park said. "It was a fake Playbill, inside was all ads or whatever. But I was like, 'Oh, that'd be fun. Let me just do that.' And everyone was signing their name and I gave it to Meryl and she signed it and she gave it back to me. And it said, 'I see you, Ash.'"

Patrick Harbron/Hulu
 “She was just like, 'I really, I really see you. You're doing it,'" Park added. "So that really made me realize, 'Oh my gosh, anybody I interact with who might be looking up to me in that way, what a difference that can [make].' Like still, it's a year later, and it makes me want to cry.”

 Sign up for Entertainment Weekly's free daily newsletter to get breaking TV news, exclusive first looks, recaps, reviews, interviews with your favorite stars, and more.

 Park called Streep a "lovely" person, adding that when co-creator John Hoffman called her up for the role and pitched a duet with Streep, she did not need any convincing to board the project.

 "I was like, absolutely, I will do anything. I really don't care," Park recalled, quipping that she was also frightened at the prospect of being the season's murderer. “And then I was like, 'But please, because I'm such a scaredy cat, if I'm the murderer, will you tell me though first? Because I'm so scared.' He was like, 'You're not.' Because they really don't tell anybody until the end.”

 Park appeared in season 3 as Kimber Min, an actress on the Death Rattle musical who duets "Look for the Light," an original song penned by Sara Bareilles, Benj Pasek, and Justin Paul, with Streep's Loretta Durkin, a fellow actress and Oliver's love interest.

 The Emily in Paris and Joy Ride star doesn't reprise her role in the current season 4, but there are several fun new cast members this season as Oliver, Charles (Steve Martin), and Mabel (Selena Gomez) head to sunny Los Angeles to meet with Paramount for a film adaptation of their podcast: Molly Shannon, Eva Longoria, Eugene Levy, Zach Galifianakis, and Kumail Nanjiani. Streep reprises her role of Loretta, who also finds herself in Hollywood this season after booking a role on Grey’s New Orleans: Family Burn Unit. 

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)