We didn't recognise her for a hot second
Selena Gomez has sent fans into a total frenzy with the drop of her new single and its accompanying video, Love On. And yes, the new tune is a bop, but it's the lewks that we are simply obsessed with. The whole video has a retro French Riviera grand hotel vibe, and features look after look of vintage perfection. But the one look that stood out to us is clearly Sel's fave too, as she chose it to front her IG grid post. 
Selena has gone fully Jackie Kennedy with this incredible retro bouffant bob haircut. Just look at it. We almost didn't recognise her for a hot second.
Cut below the jaw but skimming above the shoulders, the dark bob is packed with glossy volume, rises to a spectacular bouffant,  and features a deep fringe parted gently in the middle. Her fushia high-neck dress and white gloves only further the homage to the fashion icon.
She also shared a peak at the video with the caption: "Clock in, baby get to work… “Love On” is OUT NOW! ♥️". And you really need to get a look at the rest of the styling. That bouffant pony with the long white bow? Capital A adorable. 
We can't imagine how long she spent in the hair and makeup chair for each of these countless looks, but we're so glad she did because this buffet of beauty is exactly how we needed to end our week.
Follow Elena on Instagram
Elena Chabo is Cosmopolitan UK's former beauty writer, working on everything from buzzy celeb news and trending beauty, to sincere first-person reviews and engaging video content for social media. She also creates meatier features and expert-led how-to guides, for print and online. Her passion for Black beauty, textured hair, and the ways beauty interacts with culture, society, identity and relationships, quickly took over her writing career and led her into beauty journalism. Following an MA in Magazine Journalism in 2017, she cut her teeth across various roles at Stylist Magazine, before taking on a Digital Writer role at Good Housekeeping. It was here that beauty took centre stage and she launched and ran the site's first stand-alone beauty section. Remaining at Hearst, she joined the Cosmo beauty team in 2022. Find her on LinkedIn. 
Meghan Markle looks gorge in makeup-free vid
Sweat-proof summer makeup sorted
Emma Chamberlain reveals her easy pixie hair hack
Rita Ora's gothic hair makeover is a must see
Zendaya's pixie cut is so Star Trek coded
This is the setting spray Katy Perry used in space
Addison Rae w/ neon pink hair = 😍😍😍
MAFS Awhina undergoes a darker hair transformation
Hailey and Kendall go makeup-free in Coachella vid
Learn all about PURESEOUL's third London store
Is Michael Fabricant's hair a wig? He reveals all
Hailey Bieber’s Go–To Foundation Is Worth The $$$
Cosmopolitan, Part of the Hearst UK Fashion & Beauty Network
Cosmopolitan participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England 112955. All Rights Reserved.