Home    Forums    Television    2025 Emmy Awards Comedy Categories (Part 2)
Nobody Wants This remains a commercial juggernaut but it looks like the interest in the second seasons of Tulsa King and Shrinking has renewed interest in the freshman seasons of both shows. Regardless of how they do this winter awards season that’s a positive sign that they’ve both grown their audience. 
TV FYC: Kevin Kline ("Disclaimer), Bridget Everett ("Somebody Somewhere"), Severance in all categories
Give Meg Ryan the Oscar vehicle she deserves!
Airing your television seasons on a regular yearly schedule and it results in audience retention and growth 
Final pre-winter awards nominations predictions.
Comedy Series
1. Hacks (Max)
2. Only Murders in the Building (Hulu)
3. Shrinking (AppleTV+)
4. The Bear (FX on Hulu)
5. Abbott Elementary (ABC)
6. English Teacher (FX)
7. Nobody Wants This (Netflix)
8. What We Do in the Shadows (FX)
9. The Studio (AppleTV+)
10. Somebody Somewhere (HBO)
Comedy Actor
1. Jason Segel, Shrinking
2. Brian Jordan Alvarez, English Teacher
3. Martin Short, Only Murders in the Building
4. Jeremy Allen White, The Bear
5. Steve Martin, Only Murders in the Building
6. Adam Brody, Nobody Wants This
7. Seth Rogen, The Studio
8. Glenn Powell, Chad Powers
9. Matt Berry, What We Do in the Shadows
10. Riz Ahmed, Untitled Riz Ahmed Amazon Comedy
Comedy Actress
1. Jean Smart, Hacks
2. Quinta Brunson, Abbott Elementary
3. Ayo Edebiri, The Bear
4. Selena Gomez, Only Murders in the Building
5. Catherine O’Hara, The Studio
6. Kristen Bell, Nobody Wants This
7. Bridget Everett, Somebody Somewhere
8. Kathryn Hahn, Agatha All Along
9. Wendi Mclendon-Covey, St. Denis Medical
10. Allison Tolman, St. Denis Medical
Comedy S. Actor
1. Harrison Ford, Shrinking
2. Ebon Moss-Bachrach, The Bear
3. Luke Tennie, Shrinking
4. Michael Urie, Shrinking
5. Paul W. Downs, Hacks
6. Tyler James Williams, Abbott Elementary
7. Paul Rudd, Only Murders in the Building
8. Zach Galifianakis, Only Murders in the Building
9. Enrico Colantoni, English Teacher
10. Sean Patton, English Teacher 
Comedy S. Actress
1. Jessica Williams, Shrinking
2. Hannah Einbinder, Hacks
3. Maya Rudolph, Saturday Night Live
4. Liza Colon-Zayas, The Bear
5. Kathryn Hahn, The Studio
6. Stephanie Koenig, English Teacher
7. Molly Shannon, Only Murders in the Building
8. Sheryl Lee Ralph, Abbott Elementary
9. Christa Miller, Shrinking
10. Wendie Malick, Shrinking
Comedy G. Actor
1. Jon Bernthal, The Bear
2. Will Poulter, The Bear
3. Christopher McDonald, Hacks
4. Tony Goldwyn, Hacks
5. Bryan Cranston, The Studio
6. Andy Samberg, Saturday Night Live
7. Dana Carvey, Saturday Night Live
8. Jim Gaffigan, Saturday Night Live
9. Damon Wayans Jr., Shrinking
10. Michael Hitchcock, Nobody Wants This 
Comedy G. Actress
1. Kaitlin Olson, Hacks
2. Jamie Lee Curtis, The Bear
3. D’Avine Joy Randolph, Only Murders in the Building
4. Meryl Streep, Only Murders in the Building
5. Melissa McCarthy, Only Murders in the Building
6. Olivia Colman, The Bear
7. D’Arcy Carden, Nobody Wants This
8. Kelly Bishop, Shrinking
9. Lily Rabe, Shrinking
10. Cobie Smulders, Shrinking
Writing for a Comedy Series
1. Lucia Aniello, Paul W. Downs and Jen Statsky for Hacks
2. What We Do in the Shadows (“Finale”)
3. Brian Jordan Alvarez for English Teacher (“School Safety”)
4. Stephanie Koenig for English Teacher (“Powderpuff”)
5. Neil Goldman, Brett Goldstein and Bill Lawrence for Shrinking (“2×10”)
6. Quinta Brunson for Abbott Elementary
7. John Hoffman for Only Murders in the Building (“Once Upon a Time in the West”)
8. Evan Goldberg and Seth Rogen for The Studio (“Pilot”)
9. Somebody Somewhere (“Finale”)
10. Matty Matheson and Christopher Storer for The Bear (“Tomorrow”)
Comedy Directing
1. Lucia Aniello for Hacks
2. Jessica Yu for Only Murders in the Building (“Blow-Up”)
3. Christopher Storer for The Bear (“Tomorrow”)
4. Ayo Edebiri for The Bear (“Napkins”)
5. Randall Keenan Watson for Shrinking (“2×10”)
6. Mary Lou Belli for The Ms. Pat Show
7. Jonathan Krisel for English Teacher (“Pilot”)
8. Seth Rogen for The Studio (“Pilot”)
9. John Hoffman for Only Murders in the Building (“Once Upon a Time in the West”)
10. Zach Braff for Shrinking (“Made You Look”)
TV FYC: Kevin Kline ("Disclaimer), Bridget Everett ("Somebody Somewhere"), Severance in all categories
Give Meg Ryan the Oscar vehicle she deserves!
there’s a lack of michael cyril creighton here
FOR YOUR GRAMMYS CONSIDERATION :
MAGDALENA BAY - IMAGINAL DISK
I know wolfali was living for the Maisel reference in the latest Shrinking.
Stream MAYHEM, give Sarah Snook her Tony, Colin Farrell his Emmy and make Severance, The Studio + The Pitt sweep all awards!
The 3x Emmy Winner for Best Drama Series, Succession!
Final pre-winter awards nominations predictions.
i know these are early predictions but imo that’s a pretty massive overperformance for shrinking.
FOR YOUR GRAMMYS CONSIDERATION :
MAGDALENA BAY - IMAGINAL DISK
there’s a lack of michael cyril creighton here 
He was on a Q&A panel last week with Steve Martin, Da’Vine and Eva Longoria so it does seem like Hulu is finally giving him a proper boost
i know these are early predictions but imo that’s a pretty massive overperformance for shrinking.
Well I suppose having Wendie Malick in my top 10 over Janelle James is a step too far (although I’m very much of the opinion that Abbott Elementary is going to have a drop off this year like shows its age tend to do at the Emmys when they’re past being win competitive). 
As for the rest well let’s just say that’s a NGNG prediction before the guild nominations come out. I think something we often tend to forget is that awards races are built on momentum and ascendant shows can sometimes be sleeping giants in fields with stagnating ones. Who’d have predicted that Slow Horses would have been a bigger contender than The Crown and The Morning Show at this time during its run last year? Or that Bad Sisters would have kicked out Yellowjackets in writing and directing and The Crown in lead actress? Shrinking is already in a better position than both those shows with the fact it was already recognised off the bat by the Television Academy and television critics for a freshman season with a 65 score on metacritic. And in what was also a stacked awards cycle. I mean it would be one thing if Jason Segel got in over Nicholas Hoult and Donald Glover but he got in over Steve Martin of all people too (and could very well as a result been ahead of Martin Short in the nominations round of voting). If the show gets the SAG ensemble and Golden Globe series nods that people are predicting for it and Ford makes it in at the Globes and SAG (the latter of which I will add I’m not currently predicting) it will already be in a better position than not only most Apple shows not named Ted Lasso, The Morning Show and Severance but also several shows that were nominated for series last year at the Emmys. Given the fact the Television Academy has been warmer to Apple shows than other industry bodies have I think the sky could be the limit for it.
TV FYC: Kevin Kline ("Disclaimer), Bridget Everett ("Somebody Somewhere"), Severance in all categories
Give Meg Ryan the Oscar vehicle she deserves!
Comedy S. Actress
1. Jessica Williams, Shrinking
I also think she could be in the winner conversation, especially because I’m predicting her getting a surprise individual nod at SAG which could boost her chances quite a bit. People like Shrinking and she is one of the main reasons for it. 
FYC
Drama: Severance
Comedy: Somebody Somewhere
Limited: Adolescence
If Jessica Williams or Maya Rudolph wins then they would be the fourth black woman in a row to take that category.
Stream MAYHEM, give Sarah Snook her Tony, Colin Farrell his Emmy and make Severance, The Studio + The Pitt sweep all awards!
The 3x Emmy Winner for Best Drama Series, Succession!
I also think she could be in the winner conversation, especially because I’m predicting her getting a surprise individual nod at SAG which could boost her chances quite a bit. People like Shrinking and she is one of the main reasons for it. 
The fact that this category also tends to go to breakout performances in breakout shows aside, I also have to say I’m at the point where I’m wondering if, just like how The Bear is going to be in a more precarious position for the nomination in the categories it lost last year, Shrinking will be in a stronger position for the win in the categories it made for its first season. I know I made my thoughts clear about how apathetic I was about her performance at the time but I really was surprised by how Williams was already checked off on her first go when the Television Academy has tended to be so slow in recognosing lesser known supporting cast members. It’s crazy to think about this now she’s won three Emmys but they didn’t even nominate Julia Garner for the first season of Ozark!
I do question whether Segel can win without the show though (and I’m doubtful even on its best day that will happen unless the field really doesn’t get filled with many breakouts and Hacks really stumbles). He’s shown his performance isn’t as divisive with the industry as it is with critics and the internet but he feels very much like a Jason Bateman or a Jennifer Aniston where there’s an immense amount of respect for him as a performer but he can’t quite muster up enough passion to take home an Emmy. Then again that category is already looking quite bizarre.
TV FYC: Kevin Kline ("Disclaimer), Bridget Everett ("Somebody Somewhere"), Severance in all categories
Give Meg Ryan the Oscar vehicle she deserves!
If Jessica Williams or Maya Rudolph wins then they would be the fourth black woman in a row to take that category.
Kind of amazing when you consider that when Sheryl Lee Ralph won she was only the second black woman (and second woman of colour) to win and the first since 1987(!) 
TV FYC: Kevin Kline ("Disclaimer), Bridget Everett ("Somebody Somewhere"), Severance in all categories
Give Meg Ryan the Oscar vehicle she deserves!
apple on imdb
88 Ted lasso
87 severance
83 bad sisters
83 pachinko
82 slow horses
82 morning show
82 lessons in chemistry
81 silo
81 for all mankind
81 black bird
80 shrinking
80 trying
Trying is barely seen in the US though, only getting a Metascore for s1.
#justiceforpachinko though.
Shrinking doesn’t have to worry about being in Ted’s shadow this season for Apple campaigning.
Maya is coming to snatch that emmy
Kamala Harris talks to Kamala Harris pic.twitter.com/AJuW7aO7VM
— Saturday Night Live – SNL (@nbcsnl) November 3, 2024
FYC: Emilia Pérez and I'm still here in all categories.
first shot at predicting! please inform if i’ve listed wrong ballot placements etc, i mostly followed the golden globes odds and also wolfali’s predictions (thanks for the help btw) :
series
abbott elementary
the bear
english teacher
hacks
nobody wants this
only murders in the building
shrinking
what we do in the shadows
lead actor
brian jordan alvarez – english teacher
jason segel – shrinking
jeremy allen white – the bear
martin short – only murders in the building
matt berry – what we do in the shadows
steve martin – only murders in the building
lead actress
ayo edebiri – the bear
catherine o’hara – the studio
jean smart – hacks
kristen bell – nobody wants this
quinta brunson – abbott elementary
selena gomez – only murders in the building
supp. actor
bowen yang – saturday night live
ebon moss-bachrach – the bear
harrison ford – shrinking
michael cyril creighton – only murders in the building
paul w. downs – hacks
tyler james williams – abbott elementary
supp. actress
hannah einbinder – hacks
jessica williams – shrinking
liza colón-zayas – the bear
maya rudolph – saturday night live
molly shannon – only murders in the building
stephanie koenig – english teacher
kinda unsure about the wwdits stuff, hopefully fx will actually campaign hard for the show considering it’s their final season.
FOR YOUR GRAMMYS CONSIDERATION :
MAGDALENA BAY - IMAGINAL DISK
The topic ‘2025 Emmy Awards Comedy Categories (Part 2)’ is closed to new replies.
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…

				45 mins ago			

				4 mins ago			

				1 hour ago			

				25 mins ago			

				40 mins ago			

				30 mins ago			

				1 hour ago			

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media