By SAM JOSEPH SEMON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  20:49, 10 March 2024   |  Updated:  20:57, 10 March 2024   
 31
View  comments
Selena Gomez exuded old Hollywood glam in a trio of snaps that were shared on her Instagram Story on Sunday morning.
In the photos, the 31-year-old hitmaker was seen while partying with a group of her friends, which included her longtime confidant Nicola Peltz Beckham.
The Disney Channel alum - who recently enlisted Steve Martin to appear in a TikTok clip - donned a sultry low-cut red dress and a matching fur coat during her big night on the town.
Gomez also accessorized with a sparkling necklace and a pair of equally flashy earrings while she stepped out with her friends.
The Only Murders In The Building star's voluminous brunette locks remained free-flowing and fell towards her shoulders.
Selena Gomez exuded old Hollywood glam in a trio of snaps that were shared on her Instagram Story on Sunday morning
The Hands To Myself singer was also accompanied by her boyfriend of several months, Benny Blanco, during her night out.
The 36-year-old producer was seen while affectionately kissing his girlfriend's head in one of the shots.
The musician opted for a bright blue double-breasted coat that was worn on top of a white t-shirt as he joined the singer and her friends.
Gomez and Blanco were initially connected in 2019, when they collaborated with J Balvin and Tainy on the track I Can't Get Enough.
The Love On singer was formerly in high-profile relationships with figures such as The Weeknd and Justin Bieber.
The hitmaker eventually moved on with the producer, and she confirmed that they were dating by liking and commenting on various Instagram posts regarding her relationship.
The singer and the producer's first public outing as a couple took place during a Los Angeles Lakers game that was held this past January.
Blanco has since shown up in numerous photos that have been shared on Gomez's Instagram account.
The Disney Channel alum - who recently enlisted Steve Martin to appear in a TikTok clip - donned a sultry low-cut red dress and a matching fur coat during her big night on the town
The Hands To Myself singer was also accompanied by her boyfriend of several months, Benny Blanco, during her night out
Gomez and Blanco were initially connected in 2019, when they collaborated with J Balvin and Tainy on the track I Can't Get Enough
She confirmed that they were dating by liking and commenting on various Instagram posts regarding her relationship
The singer opened up about her relationship during an interview with Zane Lowe for New Music Daily and stated that she felt as if it was 'really important to meet someone that respects you.'
She added: 'And I think it's really nice to also lean on someone who understands the world that I live in.'
Gomez then remarked that she was particularly enthusiastic about the state of her relationship with Blanco.
'I'd have to say overall it's the safest that I feel and it's been really lovely and I've only grown through it, so it's awesome,' she said. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group