Today's Digital Daily	
			



	
			Today's Digital Daily	
			

It was a cold night in L.A. with extra ice on the red carpet. 
Senior Fashion Market Editor, Accessories

	The stars shined at this year’s Golden Globes, helped by millions of dollars worth of dazzling jewels.

	Taking a cue from last year’s high jewelry collections in Paris, which were awash with unique and exquisite white diamonds, the love-linked stone was by far the crown jewel of the night.

	Take for example, WWD Style Award winner for jewelry Ariana Greenblatt, who had a Chopard ring party and three necklaces in a mix of diamond cuts for extra oomph. “I really cannot hear anything because of all this loud bling,“ quipped WWD Eye on the Golden Globe host Jeannie Mai when Greenblatt stopped to chat.





	
			Related Articles	
	













	Fashion Features
	



	
			Nancy Astor's Turquoise and Diamond Cartier Tiara Hits the Auction Block at Bonhams	
			













	Designer and Luxury
	



	
			Louis Vuitton Is Opening a Mega Flagship in Beverly Hills	
			








	Others went classic like Elizabeth Olsen in $1.1 million drop diamond earrings and a solitaire ring with pear-cut diamond from French jeweler Reza, and Sheryl Lee Ralph in a tennis diamond bracelet and necklace by Daniel William Diamonds.

	










			You May Also Like		






	Some of the night’s honorees chose pieces that leaned into the sentimental, like songstress Taylor Swift, who wore earrings from the De Beers Arpeggia collection, inspired by Beethoven’s “Moonlight Sonata.” They featured three lines of round brilliant diamonds suspended from the ear, punctuated by larger prong-set diamonds — like notes on a musical score — set in 18-karat white gold. She layered up adding single-strand Arpeggia earrings in her second holes as well as a single strand Arpeggia bracelet. 

	The whimsical — another trend seen at the European collections — came via a menagerie of animals. Jennifer Lopez chose Boucheron’s Hopi the Hummingbird pendant earrings set with a morganite, pavéd sapphires and diamonds and a hummingbird ring set with a morganite and pavéd with sapphires and diamonds. She hinted on the red carpet the animal might relate to her new music, which started releasing Wednesday with love song “Can’t Get Enough,” teasing, “It’s hummingbird season,” to Penske Media publication Variety.

	The French maison also dressed Globes winner Ayo Edebiri in pompon pendant earrings and a Serpent Bohème large motif ring, both with diamonds. “I’m definitely a bit more toned down in most of my roles so it’s fun getting to dress up,“ she told WWD on the carpet.

	It’s a safe bet there were several guards close by Selena Gomez, who wore Bulgari white diamond earrings, bracelet and rings. She added the maison’s iconic Serpenti jewelry watch with white gold case, double spiral bracelet, clustered in brilliant-cut diamonds.

Cartier’s ambassadors were out in full force with Elle Fanning donning Pluie de Cartier diamond earrings, a Reflection de Cartier diamond necklace and a Cartier Collection ring in gold, pearl and, of course, diamonds to match her pearly Balmain dress. While Kylie Jenner was caught making eyes at Timothée Chalamet and his Cartier white gold, black ceramic and diamond necklace and Cartier Crash wristwatch, a style white hot on the timepiece hype bro circuit on TikTok.

	










	But the lion’s share of the night’s jewelry belonged to Tiffany & Co., which went all out, pulling from current high jewelry, archive and fine jewelry collections to elevate its stars. The American jeweler, now owned by LVMH Moët Hennessy Louis Vuitton, used the evening to reaffirm its red-carpet legacy. Dua Lipa and Reese Witherspoon both wore pieces from the archive with Witherspoon in a necklace in platinum with diamonds, paired with an Art Deco era bracelet, and a cool 7-carat diamond pair of earrings. Lipa added a bit of color, choosing an archival necklace in gold and platinum with yellow beryl, topaz quartz and diamonds from 1962.

	Emily Blunt and Florence Pugh wore designs from legendary Tiffany designer Jean Schlumberger. Pugh chose a necklace in platinum and gold with fancy intense yellow diamonds and a ring in platinum with diamonds, while Blunt wore a necklace, bracelet, ring and brooches with diamond and platinum earrings.

	Jennifer Lawrence went more au courant wearing a pendant in platinum, yellow gold with more than 11 carats of diamonds from the 2023 Tiffany Blue Book: Out of the Blue Collection.

	“It was a thrill to witness the brilliance of our archival masterpieces sparkling on the red carpet at the Golden Globes. Each gem tells a story, and seeing these iconic designs celebrated in such a glamorous setting is truly a testament to the enduring beauty of Tiffany’s superlative gemstones,” said Victoria Wirth Reynolds, Tiffany & Co.’s chief gemologist and vice president of HJ Diamond and Gemstone Acquisition. “Showcasing this perfectly was the radiant yellow beryl and diamond necklace worn by Dua Lipa — as timeless now as it was when it was designed in 1962, lifting up the House’s more than 185-year legacy of pushing boundaries with innovative jewels.”
Sign up for WWD news straight to your inbox every day
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
WWD and Women's Wear Daily are part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All Rights Reserved.