Hours after being sworn in as mayor of Funner, California, the comedian tells PEOPLE "there's not a lot of longing" in his career and that if he wanted to do something by now, he "would've done it"
Harrah's Resort Southern California
 Martin Short doesn’t really have any complaints.

 The 74-year-old actor was just sworn in as the mayor of Funner, California, with his Only Murders in the Building costar Jane Lynch passing off the keys to the city to him, and he tells PEOPLE “there’s not a lot of longing” when it comes to what he wants to do next.

 “The bucket list thing, I don’t believe in anymore,” Short says during an interview at Harrah's Resort SoCal following the inauguration. “I now realize, at 74, I would’ve done it.”

 “Bill Maher and I share that — that we don’t have bucket lists. We’ve talked about that. If I wanted to direct, I would’ve," he continues of his career. “I just love doing it. I love being the mayor of Funner, [Calif.], but also just — I love acting.”

 Short jokes that being inaugurated as the mayor of a city is “the first thing [he] assumed” would happen at the start of his career more than five decades ago.

 “It went mayor, and then maybe, someday, a People’s Choice Award. That was the pecking order. You can’t get more than that," he says.

 Reflecting on the day he had, the actor raves of having time to hang out with Lynch, 63, his costar and friend. 

 “It’s beautiful. I’m in this gorgeous suit, I get to hang with Jane Lynch. I love Jane,” he says, calling her “phenomenal” in the Hulu series, which she joined last season and will return to in season 4 in a series of flashbacks, as she previously told PEOPLE. 

Harrah's Resort Southern California
 "I'm the murder victim, which is not a tease, and so I have some really great flashbacks," Lynch, 63, told PEOPLE on May 9 of her future on Only Murders, after her character, Sazz Pataki, was shot and killed at the end of season 3.

 She said she'll "also appear in another way" in the new episodes, adding, "I don't want to give it away, though, but I'm in it a lot. I'm in five out of 10 episodes, so I'm excited."

 Season 4 of the Hulu dramedy will see Short's Oliver Putnam, Charles-Hayden Savage (Steve Martin) and Mabel Mora (Selena Gomez) "searching for answers about who killed [Lynch], if they were actually aiming for Charles and why anyone would want to kill either of them, per The Hollywood Reporter.

 Meryl Streep, who joined in season 3 like the Glee alum, is also returning for the new season, which is currently in production in New York City, along with a host of new stars, including Eva Longoria, Eugene Levy, Molly Shannon and Kumail Nanjiani.

 On May 14, Hulu announced that the fourth season will premiere August 27, and will feature appearances from even more stars, including Zach Galifianakis, Melissa McCarthy and Da'Vine Joy Randolph.

 Never miss a story — sign up for PEOPLE's free daily newsletter to stay up-to-date on the best of what PEOPLE has to offer​​, from celebrity news to compelling human interest stories. 

 The first three seasons of Only Murders in the Building can be streamed on Hulu.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)