By CHRISTINE RENDON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  18:15, 21 November 2024   |  Updated:  18:20, 21 November 2024   
 5
View  comments
Selena Gomez is revealing the acting tip another woman offered her that really improved her craft. 
While attending ELLE's Women in Hollywood bash on Tuesday, Selena opened up to People about the best advice she had ever received from another woman.
The Only Murders In The Building actress, 32, said she was advised to avoid taking herself 'too seriously' by an actress whom she admired.
Though Selena admitted the seemingly simple recommendation seemed 'silly' and 'weird', she said being able to relax indeed worked.
'I know this sounds silly, but someone once said, "Don't take yourself too seriously,"' she recalled. 'Because it allows you to have room and empathy and compassion, and you can go into a film or a character and be able to really appreciate that.'
'That was from an actress that I really respect,' she continued. 'I know it sounds weird, but it actually does work when you get to enjoy it and not be in your head so much.'
Selena Gomez is revealing the acting tip another woman offered her that really improved her craft; pictured at the ELLE Women in Hollywood event  
Clearly the advice has been working for Selena - she has received acting nominations for her work on Only Murders In The Building.
More recently, Selena and her Emilia Perez co-stars won the Best Actress gong as an ensemble cast at the Cannes Film Festival.  
The Spanish-language musical comedy follows a cartel leader (Karla Sofia Gascon) who pretends to die in order to undergo a gender transition into a woman.
It premiered at the Cannes Film Festival to a burst of acclaim, including a joint best actress prize for Gomez, Gascon, Zoe Saldana and their castmate Adriana Paz.
After a limited theater release in the US and Canada in November 1, the movie bowed on Netflix this Wednesday to a warm response from the critics.
The film has also attracted Oscar buzz, with The Hollywood Reporter predicting Selena could receive a nomination for Best Supporting Actress.
'I don’t like to think anything or be presumptuous,' Selena said when asked about the Oscar talk during an interview with the outlet last month.
'I’m just going to say I’m so happy people are receiving it the way they are.'
She also told Extra about the awards chatter: 'I have hives.'
Gomez has received acting nominations for her work on Only Murders In The Building
Gomez recently won Best Actress for her buzzy new film Emilia Perez at the Cannes Film Festival
Gomez posed with Cameron Diaz and her Emilia Perez co-stars Zoe Saldana and Karla Sofía Gascón at the ELLE Women In Hollywood event
'It’s a compliment… We are just so thrilled that people are receiving it with an open heart and open mind and hopefully it will leave an imprint.'
Gomez told THR this week that making the transition from singing to acting has given her 'sanity.'
She also said that she'd enjoyed the Emilia Perez press tour as reporters have avoided pestering her about her personal life.
'Every interview I've done for this movie, there's not been one personal question asked, and I've wanted to kiss every single reporter in the mouth and just say, "Thank you, because it's been so refreshing," and I think that that's a space that is safer for me,' Gomez said.
Selena has been dating boyfriend Benny Blanco for over a year; pictured last month 
She also opened up about her relationship with Benny Blanco, her boyfriend of over a year. 
'This is the safest I've ever felt in [a relationship], and I see a future with this person,' she told the outlet.
The security Blanco provides has made her more comfortable with posting photos and videos of them online for her fans to see.
Still, she reminded fans that 'there’s so much' of her relationship that 'people don’t see' that's just for her and Blanco. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group