Bronzed skin, zero regrets.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

It’s hard to believe tanning beds are still a thing, considering the overwhelming research linking them to an increased risk of skin cancer. Still, the demand for a natural-looking glow hasn’t gone anywhere—especially if you have fair skin and worry about looking too orange, too streaky, or just off. (If you’ve landed here, you likely know the struggle.) The good news is that plenty of self-tanners work well on pale skin and deliver a believable glow, with no harmful UV exposure required. Like any beauty product, it’s all about finding the right formula.
I’m far from alone in my mission to spread the word about UV damage. "There is no excuse to get tan from the sun. It’s too dangerous," says celebrity makeup artist Sarah Egan. Not only does tanning in the sun or a tanning bed increase your risk of developing skin cancer, but it also "accelerates the rate at which your skin ages, which means an earlier onset of fine lines, wrinkles, and dark spots," she continues." And that's not all. "Tanning can lead to sunburns, and indoor tanning beds can put skin at risk of infections," adds Dr. Brendan Camp, a double board-certified dermatologist from MDCS Dermatology.
Instead of putting your skin through all that, you can reach for one of the many innovative self-tanning formulas on the market now. A little self-tanner 101 for you: "Self-tanners rely on dihydroxyacetone (aka DHA), a pigmenting agent, to form a tan. Unlike UV tanning booths or UV and visible light radiation from the sun, self-tanners do not increase your risk of developing skin cancer," shares Dr. Karan Lal, D.O., F.A.A.D., a double board-certified dermatologist and pediatric dermatologist with Affiliated Dermatology. Just as importantly, they don’t break down collagen in the skin or lead to discoloration, growths, or spots.
Now that we’ve covered the basics, keep scrolling for the 11 best self-tanners for pale skin, complete with first-person reviews. And if you’re eager to dive deeper, scroll to the bottom for expert insights in our self-tanning for fair skin FAQ.
This formula is, obviously, a self-tanner, but it applies more like a luxe body lotion, complete with earthy and floral notes of rose water, palmarosa, cedar, and fresh vanilla. It’s a gradual formula that delivers the best results with daily use, but leaves a bronzey glow as fast as overnight. Ingredient-wise, it’s just as friendly to fair skin as it is to dry skin, thanks to a hydrating blend of shea butter, avocado oil, and squalane.
Size: 6.8 fl oz
Formula: Lotion
Development Time: Gradual (within several days)
What I Love: Elevated scent; Clean at Sephora-approved; Chic packaging
What I Don't: Shouldn't be applied with a mitt; just hands
Review for MC: "The results in the before-and-after photo below are from a single night of sleep—a long one, worth noting, clocking in at around nine hours. You can clearly see the difference in the second photo, not just in the bronze tint of my arm, but in the exact spot where I gave up on adding lotion to my hands (a mistake I won’t be making again). I’m obsessed with everything about this formula, from the fresh scent to the silky-smooth texture that feels more like a luxe body lotion than a self-tanner. The glow is subtle yet noticeable enough to use nightly or every other evening to maintain that just-got-back-from-vacation glow." — Marisa Petrarca, Contributing Beauty Writer
Contributing beauty writer Marisa Petrarca uses Lux Unfiltered N°32 Hydrating Gradual Self Tanning Lotion in Rosewood
If you’re going to splurge on a self-tanner for pale skin, it might as well do more than just bronze, and this one from Dr. Dennis Gross delivers. The glow is subtle (like you spent a week in the sun but didn’t skimp on SPF). What sets it apart is the formula: it’s packed with exfoliating alpha-hydroxy acids (AHAs) and beta-hydroxy acids (BHAs) to smooth texture, brighten dullness, and unclog pores with consistent use.
Size: 20 towelettes
Formula: Towelettes
Development Time: Within 3-4 hours
What I Love: Individually packaged towelettes are ideal for travel; Contains AHAs and BHAs that simultaneously smooth texture; Can be used 2-3 times a week for a darker tan
What I Don't: They’re only formulated for the face, so you’ll need to purchase a separate product for body application
Review for MC: "As a beauty editor who lives for a smart innovation, this dual exfoliating and self-tanning towelette is one of my all-time faves. Most face tanners force me to skip my nighttime actives so the color can develop properly, but not this one. It’s infused with AHAs and BHAs, so it gently smooths skin texture while simultaneously delivering a natural-looking glow. If you want more than just a tan (without spending more than you would on a standard facial self-tanner), this one’s 1000% worth adding to cart." — Marisa Petrarca, Contributing Beauty Writer
Contributing beauty writer Marisa Petrarca uses Dr Dennis Gross Alpha Beta Glow Pad Intense Glow for Face
Dolce Glow is nurse injector Tara Adashev's first choice for a professional spray tan. "The spray tan doesn’t rub off or get on clothes and looks super natural," she says. While all of Dolce Glow's at-home products are buildable, and thus fine for pale skin, the mist is a great place to start. "There is a reason that the Dolce Self-Tanning Mist is our best seller," shares Adashev. "The formula is unbeatable and the spray of the mist is perfection, making it easy to not have a splotchy or streaky tan."
Size: 6.4 fl oz
Formula: Spray
Development Time: 2 hours minimum
What I Love: Applies like a spray sunscreen; Sensitive skin-approved; Created by a celebrity spray tanner
What I Don't: Some users had faulty spray nozzles
Review for MC: "I love, love, love that you can customize the depth of your tan with this formula depending on how long you leave it on, and that it feels more like applying an aerosol sunscreen than a thick, heavy foam. I left it on for four hours in the photo below for a light tan, and it gave me just the right amount of color without looking too deep on my pale skin. (The brand recommends up to six hours if you’re going for a darker finish.) I even risked it all by throwing on my favorite fuzzy white robe while waiting for it to dry and saw no transfer." — Marisa Petrarca, Contributing Beauty Writer." 
Contributing beauty writer Marisa Petrarca uses Dolce Glow Self Tanning Mist
The word “gradual” is key here, and exactly what makes this cult-favorite body lotion from Jergens so popular for pale skin. It pumps out white like a classic body moisturizer, applies just as smoothly, and can be worked into your daily routine just as easily. The brand recommends applying it every day for a subtle, buildable glow, but you can dial up the frequency if you’re after a deeper color. Most users (and there are tens of thousands of them at minimum) love it for keeping up a natural-looking glow.
Size: 10 fl oz
Formula: Lotion
Development Time: Gradual (within several days)
What I Love: Over 30,000 five-star ratings on Amazon; Widely available; Most affordable option on our list
What I Don't: Can streak if you sweat too soon after applying
Customer Review: "I have very pale, sensitive skin. I just wanted something to moisturize without making me feel greasy, added some SPF protection, and a little bit of color. This product delivered on all 3 of those needs. It's easy to apply, and I only have to do it 2-3 times per week to have a little bit of color, nothing drastic." — Amazon
The self-tanning experience doesn’t get much more classic than a foam formula, but it also doesn’t get much more thoughtful than this one. Bondi Sands created this cool-toned mousse specifically for fairer skin tones, using sapphire color enhancers to help the tan develop as natural-looking as possible. (FYI: the brand also offers three other shades tailored to different complexions.)
Size: 6.76 fl oz
Formula: Foam
Development Time: 3 hours minimum
What I Love: Cool-toned shade is designed specifically for pale skin; Express formula develops in one to three hours depending on desired tan depth; You can “try on” the color virtually through the brand’s website
What I Don't: Some users found the final color payoff a bit too light for their liking
Customer Review: "If you have truly pale skin, like practically reflective in the sun, and want to add a subtle, natural-looking bit of color, this is the perfect product. It gives just enough color without looking fake and does not have any orange tones. It has very little smell during application and was easy to apply evenly with a mitt. Trust me, as a ginger, this is the perfect tanner." — Amazon
It doesn’t get much more personalized than this self-tanner from Illusion Bronze because it's custom-blended based on your unique features. Before checkout, you’ll select your skin tone (think: pale, fair, etc.), then share your eye and hair color so the brand can tailor the product to complement you best.
Size: 6.7 fl oz
Formula: Foam
Development Time: 1 hour minimum
What I Love: Custom-blended to your unique features (including skin tone); Subscribe and save option available; Comes with applicator mitt
What I Don't: All sales are final since the product is custom-made for you
Customer Review: "I am extremely pale naturally and it is very hard for me to find a fake tan that looks nice. I was shocked to see how natural this tan looked even leaving it on for the max three hours before showering. I will definitely be purchasing again." — Illusion Bronze
Not to sound like a broken record, but searching for that keyword “gradual” is e-v-e-r-y-t-h-i-n-g if you’re a pale girl. This lotion is another fan-favorite because it goes on like your everyday body moisturizer but leaves behind the softest, most believable glow. It’s the kind of product you’ll want to reach for regularly to maintain your tan, and because it’s ultra-hydrating, it tackles two steps of your body skincare routine in one.
Size: 8.45 fl oz
Formula: Lotion
Development Time: 2 hours minimum
What I Love: Can be used from head to toe; Great for beginners; Pleasant scent
What I Don't: No color guide
Customer Review: "This is my first self tanner ever, so I have nothing to compare it to but it has worked WONDERFULLY for me so far. I’m very pale with cool tones and this provides a light, neutral glow after just two hours. Also very easy to apply - just rub it in like any body lotion; I like to buff it out with a kabuki brush. The scent is light, but pleasant and it feels luxurious on the skin - not too heavy." — Sephora
If you're the type to put off self-tanning until the last possible second (I, too, am guilty), then an express formula is non-negotiable. This one’s a favorite among those with pale skin because it’s customizable: leave it on for one hour for a subtle sun-kissed tint or up to three for a deeper, bronzed finish. (Worth noting: even after three hours, it won’t get as dark as a traditional self-tanner, which is exactly why it's a go-to for pale-skinned folks who get nervous about too much change too fast.)
Size: 6.7 fl oz
Formula: Foam
Development Time: 1 hour minimum
What I Love: Results in as little as one hour; Tinted formula makes it easy to apply evenly; Also comes in a travel-friendly mini size
What I Don't: Might not be the best pick for you if you prefer to sleep in your self-tanner overnight
Customer Review: "I LOVE this self tanner. I've been someone who has gotten spray tans for pretty much any event in the last 6 years. I wanted something to help me feel better about my pale-ness while in quarantine and this was the answer. I have gotten so many compliments about how natural it looks." — Sephora
This under-the-radar brand may not have the same name recognition as some of the other self-tanner picks for pale skin on our list, but it’s just as loved, especially by Amazon shoppers. (At the time of writing, it holds its own as the retailer’s second best-selling self-tanner.) The formula squeezes out white and applies like a thick, ultra-moisturizing lotion, developing into a natural-looking tan within six to eight hours. It’s perfect for clean beauty enthusiasts, too: no synthetic fragrance, no unnecessary fillers—just certified organic plant extracts and skin-loving hydrators. Score.
Size: 7.5 fl oz
Formula: Lotion
Development Time: 6 hours minimum
What I Love: Uses coconut oil and shea butter for hydration; Uses DHA naturally derived from non-GMO sugar beets; Free of synthetic fragrance and artificial dyes 
What I Don't: Thick texture might taking some getting used to 
Customer Review: "I make snow look tan. I absolutely love how it looks natural and not orange like a dorito. It went on so smoothly and dried really quick. It didn’t even transfer to my clothes either. I would definitely recommend this tanning lotion if you want a tan without the sun and want a more natural look!!" — Amazon
I trust French skincare with every fiber of my being, and Typology is no exception. This serum is formulated with 10 percent DHA (the active self-tanning ingredient) and carob pulp extract, which helps extend the life of your tan and makes it appear more natural. It can be used on both the face and body and, according to the brand, is "particularly suitable those with dull or pale skin types who would like get a natural tanned complexion quickly and without UV rays." 
Size: 1 fl oz
Formula: Serum
Development Time: 6 hours minimum
What I Love: Fragrance-free; Can be used alone or mixed with moisturizer; Vegan
What I Don't: Some shoppers noted that it fades quickly
Customer Review: "I've been using this product every other day before going to bed, mixing it with my moisturizer, for less than a month now. It's a miracle, my complexion has brightened up, whereas my skin is usually very pale in winter!" — Typology
Still not totally sold on self-tanner for your fair skin? Enter: these cult-favorite bronzing drops that straddle the line between makeup and skincare and wash off at the end of the day. If you’ve spent even a minute on BeautyTok, you’ve definitely seen them in action. You can apply a drop (or a few) directly to your face post-skincare, or mix them into your moisturizer for a soft, sunkissed glow. According to the brand, you can even blend them into body lotion for an all-over tint that looks like you just returned from a weekend in the sun. 
Size: 1 fl oz
Formula: Serum drops
Development Time: N/a (temporary bronzing effect)
What I Love: TikTok-famous; Washes off at the end of the day like makeup; Hydrating
What I Don't: Doesn't contain DHA; it's only leaves a temporary bronzing effect
Customer Review: "This product is so flattering on my pale skin. I normally look orange or green when it comes to tanners but this product made me have the most gorgeous, subtle bronze shade!" — Sephora
As the self-tanning expert, Alysa tells her pale clients to apply a lighter layer of product first and then build their tan until they're comfortable with the shade. "It’s important to make sure you’re using a tanner that offers buildable coverage that allows this process to happen," she shares.
Another tip? "Invest in a great application tool when applying the tanner! Everyone has different preferences when it comes to using a brush or mitt for the application process, so I would say, find what tool makes you comfortable and helps make the application the easiest." (My good friend Miley and I both love Dolce Glow's Kabuki Brush.)
Egan also recommends that you ensure your skin is clean and dry before applying tanner. "Work in sections. I tend to start at the top of my body and work my way down. Apply a small amount to your skin, smaller than a pea. Pat and smooth the self-tanner on your neck, décolletage, arms, and then downward to the rest of your body," she explains. Next, smooth the product in with your fingertips or tool of choice," she says. "Look in a mirror before putting clothes on to ensure you didn’t miss a spot. If you did, simply apply to the spots missed and gently smooth in."
And while many new formulas don't require you to exfoliate and shave beforehand, it's never a bad idea.
Although they're about a million times better for you than a tanning bed, you must remember that most self-tanners do not provide any UV protection. Please, please continue to use body sunscreen while using, even if you're bronzed.
Dr. Camp says that other self-tanning risks include uneven application (which can cause a blotchy tan!), staining of the palms or clothing, application site irritation or allergic contact dermatitis, and odor, as some products may have a chemical-like smell. Again, all are better options than skin cancer—but it is important to be aware of nonetheless. Always do a patch test before diving into your faux glow experience.
Marie Claire is an expert in self tanning, having covered more topics on the subject ranging from the best face self tanners and the best body self tanners to comprehensive reviews on popular self tan formulations such as the IONIQ One Sprayer.
Beauty Writer Marisa Petrarca brings nearly a decade of expertise to this story and has tested countless self-tanning products. For this story, she and former Marie Claire writer Sophie Vilensky consulted two board-certified dermatologists, a nurse injector, a spray tan educator, and a makeup artist.
For this story, we sourced editor favorites and tested over 15 self-tanners for pale skin. We evaluated each formula oil based on texture, ease of application, and results, both immediately after the development period and over the course of a week to assess longevity and fade.
Originally from New York City, Dr. Karan Lal grew up in Queens and attended Hunter Science High School in Manhattan. He graduated summa cum laude from the New York Institute of Technology, where he completed a rigorous seven-year accelerated combined medical program. He was selected to be an academic medical scholar, during which he received a Master of Science in neuroscience and a scholarship for three years of medical school and graduate training. He was elected to the Sigma Sigma Phi and Psi Sigma Alpha medical honor societies. He completed his internal medicine internship at the University of Connecticut Medical Center where he was elected intern of the year. He completed a three-year dermatology residency at the University of Massachusetts, where he was elected chief resident. He continued at the University of Massachusetts to complete a pediatric dermatology fellowship, where he gained an interest in vascular anomalies, pediatric laser, and dermatologic surgery of pediatric patients. Dr. Lal specializes in pediatric and adult dermatology, laser surgery, soft tissue filler augmentation, body sculpting, melanocyte keratinocyte transplant surgery for vitiligo and hypopigmentation, pigmentary abnormalities of the skin and enjoys treating patients from birth onwards. He is an expert in atopic dermatitis, vitiligo, melasma, psoriasis, and hidradenitis and has worked in specialty clinics among experts. 
Brendan Camp, MD, is double board-certified in dermatology and dermatopathology and sees patients at MDCS Dermatology: Medical Dermatology & Cosmetic Surgery. Patients have been coming to him for his expertise managing medical conditions like acne, rosacea, eczema, warts, psoriasis, moles, and skin cancer, as well as cosmetic concerns and treatments with Botox, fillers, lasers, and other skin rejuvenation devices.
Dr. Camp graduated with honors from Cornell University, earning a degree in biochemistry. As a medical student at SUNY Upstate Medical University in Syracuse, he participated in a one-year epidemiology fellowship at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) in Atlanta, Georgia, where he participated in viral outbreak investigations. He completed his internship in internal medicine at the University of Chicago and later completed additional residency training in dermatology at New York-Presbyterian Hospital/Weill Cornell Medical Center. He also completed a fellowship in dermatopathology at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center in 2012.
He has previously served as an assistant professor of dermatology at George Washington University School of Medicine and Health Sciences and worked in private practice just outside Washington DC in Northern Virginia. 
Dr. Camp is the author of several scientific articles that have been published in the Journal of the American Academy of Dermatology, the Journal of Cutaneous Pathology, and the Journal of Clinical Oncology. He has also presented at meetings of the American Academy of Dermatology, the American Society of Dermatopathology, and the Society for Investigative Dermatology. 
Nurse Tara has been working alongside the prestigious surgeons at Neinstein plastic surgery for over five years and has become an integral part of Neinstein Plastic Surgery’s fabric and ongoing legacy. Nurse Tara grew up in the tri-state area, graduating from Moravian College and following graduation pursued her first job as an operating room nurse at St. Luke’s University Hospital. Nurse Tara thrives in the fast-paced environment that is Neinstein Plastic Surgery, and her critical thinking skills combined with her calm demeanor and strong nursing skills have allowed her to create long lasting bonds with each surgical and injectables patients she sees.
Working in Plastic Surgery and as a seasoned injector has been a lifelong dream for Nurse Tara. Initially Joining the Neinstein Plastic Surgery Team as Dr. Neinstein’s head nurse, Nurse Tara started by assisting Dr. Neinstein closely in complex surgical procedures in the OR. Starting from the ground up, Nurse Tara truly learned and understands the depths, nuances, and intricacies of body contouring and mommy makeover surgery.
As the mastermind behind the renowned self-tanning brand, Dolce Glow, Isabel's expertise has garnered her a reputation as the go-to celebrity spray tan artist for A-listers like Miley Cyrus, Selena Gomez, Kim Kardashian, Kylie Jenner, Kendall Jenner, Jennifer Lopez, and Sophia Richie Grainge, to name a few. Feeling immensely empowered by her first spray tan experience, Isabel made it her mission to spread this profound sense of self-love by creating her own brand & business. Her mission has ultimately led to her esteemed reputation as a top-notch celebrity spray tan artist in the sunless tanning industry. She made her "Isabel Signature Glow" available nationwide through Dolce Glow, making her sunless tan more accessible by creating a range of clean and anti-aging formulations. 
Sarah Egan is a celebrity makeup artist. She is the makeup department head for Late Night with Seth Meyers, Last Week Tonight with John Oliver, The Amber Ruffin Show and a 4 time EMMY winner for SNL.
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.
Marisa Petrarca is a writer and editor based in Saint Paul, Minnesota, specializing in beauty, wellness, fashion, and lifestyle. She previously served as the Senior Beauty and Fashion Editor at Grazia USA and Beauty and Style Editor at Us Weekly. Her expertise spans breaking beauty news, shopping roundups, product reviews, and explainer articles on popular topics in skin, makeup, and aesthetics. Her work has been featured in PS, Cosmopolitan, Allure, NewBeauty, InStyle, and The Zoe Report, among others. Marisa holds a bachelor's degree in English literature from Wagner College. Follow her on Instagram @Marisa Petrarca.

It's time for an upgrade.


The 21-year-old Princess of Orange, Catharina-Amalia, has overcome a scary period in her young life.


She's currently on a break from her beloved sneaker collection.


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.