It's giving relaxed
Lorde is the latest in a long line of celebs to share a selfie from the bath, and we're getting major relaxation envy. 
Just days after Selena Gomez posting a sudsy shot from a recent trip to Paris, Lorde took to her Instagram grid to share a carousel of snaps from her recent soak. "Full immersion" she captioned the pictures, which showed the singer wearing over-ear headphones and looking pensively at the floor.
Her bathroom itself features a green marble built-in tub (love), as well as retro green square tiles with candles, bath salts and lotions in the shower niches behind. Love.
Fans in the comments joked that this was exactly how they listen to Lorde's music - specifically her second studio album, Melodrama, which came out in 2017. Others are also hoping the fact she's posted an Instagram pic - which is a rarity for the 27-year-old - is a teaser for new music.
"WE ARE READY AND WAITING," one person wrote, while another put, "I will patiently wait for the next album as long as needed. Glad to see u happy and thriving xoxo. [sic]"
Others added, "You should like drop music or something" and "drop the album sis."
The only other photo on Lorde's profile (real name Ella Marija Lani Yelich-O'Connor) is one from 17th December 2023, which shows her in over-ear headphones again, and a stripe shirt. "Listening to myself," she added in the caption.
EmRata frees the nip in seriously plunging top
Robert Irwin strips down in reptile themed shoot
Oh this? Just Bad Bunny topless in his Calvins
Amelia Gray is hotter than heatwave in nude pic
Caggie Dunlop announces pregnancy with naked pic
Julia Fox just posed nude on the subway 
Ashley Graham looks fire in topless photo
Lisa Rinna celebrates NYE *completely* nude
Merry Xmas! Here's a naked Paris Hilton...
Christina celebrates birthday with nude photo 
Jada Pinkett Smith shares bath photo and wow
How did we miss Mel B's naked picture?
Cosmopolitan, Part of the Hearst UK Fashion & Beauty Network
Cosmopolitan participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England 112955. All Rights Reserved.