The singer got back in the studio wearing naked shoes that showcases her polished toes. 

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Jennifer Lopez made a head-to-toe case for color coordination with her latest look. On Monday, Oct. 28, the "Let's Get Loud" singer hit the recording studio with a classic black pedicure that matched her black Birkin bag. Just as white pedicures have become synonymous with summer, black nails are widely considered a perennial celebrity-favorite polish color for fall. They're simple and versatile, whether you're wearing them with your Halloween costume like Selena Gomez or a work-friendly ensemble like Lopez.
Here, Jennifer Lopez put her jet-black pedicure on full display in a pair of naked shoes with clear PVC straps and black soles. Interestingly, her nude-pink naked manicure mirrored the barely-there look of her sandals. (Although it's hard to say without seeing the bottom of the sandal, I'm betting her heels are Christian Louboutin.) The Grammy nominee paired her matching bag and shoes with pleated wide-leg taupe trousers, brown aviator sunglasses, and a semi-sheer boat neck shirt from celebrity-favorite basics brand Intimissimi. 
 Jennifer Lopez wears taupe trousers and a sheer black long-sleeved shirt to the recording studio. 
It's an age-old Jennifer Lopez styling trick to match her pedicure to her purse. Earlier this summer, she coordinated a white croc Birkin with a shimmery, glazed donut pedicure, visible through yet another pair of PVC naked pumps.
Lopez's longtime nail artist, Tom Bachik, hasn't yet revealed which shade of midnight black he used for the singer's fall rendition of the look. From afar, you can guess they chose a premium polish—not all black shades are made the same, and the formula and finish matter. Absolute Black from celebrity nail artist Jin Soon Choi's line of products is perhaps the best black creme polish money can buy, but Mooncat's aptly named Emo for Life is a very close second (not to mention, $5 cheaper).
Or, if you're a self-professed shimmer polish addict like me, you would be remiss not to try Mooncat's Cruel Mirage, a holographic black lacquer. Another great pick would be Spacey, a cosmic black shimmer, from Olive & June or Deflying Gravity, a black with blue and silver shimmer, from the Wicked x OPI collection.
Rest assured, no matter which black polish you ultimately choose, it will go perfectly with the fall color trends of the moment, from mulled wine-red and corporate gray to teddy bear brown and brat green. And if you're working with a Jennifer Lopez budget, they'll also coordinate with your rare Birkin bag.
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.
Hanna Lustig is a staff writer at Marie Claire, where she gets to gab every day about the topics she holds most dear: fashion, beauty, and celebrity. Hanna’s editorial journey began with formative internships at Elle and InStyle, where she was lucky enough to work for some of the smartest women in media while she was still in college at the University of Tennessee. Hanna then accepted a digital culture reporting fellowship at Insider, where she helped carve out a new beat dedicated to covering influencers. Those experiences later served her well as a staff writer at Glamour, where she developed a knack for spinning quick turnaround celebrity news and trend reporting into juicy feature stories. Some of her greatest hits include an earnest ode to the no-pants trend, this meticulously reported feature exploring the rise of endoscopic facelifts, this snappy take on the Chanel-designed fantasy of Sofia Richie’s wedding, this tribute to WAGs past and present, and this timeline of Katie Holmes’s life and career as told through her denim collection.
Diane Keaton once hung up on Hanna during an interview, but thankfully that mishap did not derail what has otherwise been a deeply fulfilling career writing for and about women. As one of Marie Claire's resident experts on style and culture, her current coverage ranges from exploring TikTok's contrast makeup theory and the return of the boat shoe trend to interviews with costume designers for hit shows like Nobody Wants This and The Penguin. When she’s not at work, Hanna can probably be found listening to pop music, talking to her dog, and gossiping with her best friends. For more of Hanna’s perfect opinions on pop culture, you can follow her on Instagram and X.

The late princess took control when it came to this aspect of her sons' lives.


Just another Hollywood star to join the bob-aissance.


She one hundred percent pulls them off.


The bejeweled mani trend is fit for Hollywood royalty


Furiously taking notes.


The actor reimagined a traditional hairstyle with a trendy spin while on the set of her latest movie, ;Office Romance.'


She's committed to the shade from head to toe.


She captivated the front row.


The star brought early aughts beauty nostalgia to the 2025 Oscars after-party.


The pop star's latest campaign feels like something straight out of Lumon Industries.


This spicy reddish-brown hair trend was made for the beloved actor.


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.