Just when you thought all your favorite snacks have been pickled.
Orville Redenbacher's | Design: Better Homes & Gardens
 It's official: 2024 is the year of the pickle. We've seen all kinds of food items receive the pickling treatment, from pickle ketchup and pickle sandwich spread to pickle pretzels and even spicy pickle Goldfish crackers.

 The food-centric account @snackolator, which boasts nearly 500,000 followers, announced on November 3 that Cheetos is coming out with new Dill Pickle-flavored Flamin' Hots. Just a week earlier, it revealed that Jimmy John’s is introducing a picklewich, using giant pickles instead of bread to make subs. "Are you here for the pickle movement?" reads the caption.

 With all this pickle mania, it only makes sense that one of America’s favorite snacks—popcorn—would get a pickle update, too. The iconic popcorn brand Orville Redenbacher’s just added two new flavors to its lineup of seasonings: Kettle Corn and Vlasic Dill Pickle.

 You can't get more classic than sweet and salty, but the Vlasic and Orville Redenbacher's crossover flavor might be the best pickle permutation all year. 

 According to the company, this “tangy and herbaceous” seasoning, which is available at Walmart for $3, can be added to bagged or fresh stove-popped popcorn. The seasoning makes it easier to enjoy pickle popcorn since you can simply sprinkle it on top of your bowl before settling in for family movie night or binge-watching your favorite sitcom. Pair it with a pickle-flavored Bloody Mary for a truly brine-based snack.

 Selena Gomez fans might remember her appearance on Jimmy Fallon a few years back when she shared her secret recipe for pickle popcorn, which includes pickle juice, lots of Tabasco, and salt. Trader Joe's also offers Popcorn in a Pickle as a seasonal favorite—and shoppers take to social media with excitement every time it makes a return (and disappointment when it leaves).

 In addition to these new flavors, Orville Redenbachers offers White Cheddar, Nacho Cheese, Ranch, Movie Theater Butter, Cinnabon Bakery Inspired Cinnamon Roll, and Buffalo Wild Wings Buffalo Sauce in its seasoning lineup.

 If this trend continues, you're sure to see even more pickle-centric snacks grace grocery shelves in 2025. And while we’re still wary of the pickle-flavored cupcakes, we highly recommend sipping on Dua Lipa's pickle juice and jalapeño Coke concoction—it’s so weird that it's delicious.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)