Flickering Myth
Geek Culture | Movies, TV, Comic Books & Video Games
February 24, 2024 by EJ Moreno 
Eva Longoria is joining Hulu’s Only Murders in the Building for its fourth season.
Deadline reports that the actress, fresh off promoting her feature film directorial debut Flamin’ Hot, will have a recurring role. Her character description remains under wraps. Longoria joins another series newcomer, Molly Shannon.
Little is known about the upcoming fourth season. Still, Deadline notes the “new episodes will focus on unraveling the murder of Sazz Pataki (Jane Lynch), Charles-Haden Savage’s (Steve Martin) mind-bogglingly identical stunt double from his years on the series Brazzos and its 2020 revival.”
It’s also been reported that the trio Charles, Oliver (Martin Short), and Mabel (Selena Gomez) will kick off Season 4, traveling to Los Angeles to search for Saez’s killer before returning to The Arconia. Deadline notes that Longoria’s character will become “integral” to the twists and turns of this season.
Longoria is best known for her work in the hit series Desperate Housewives before branching out to more film and television. Her directing, acting, and producing work comes through her production company, UnbeliEVAble Entertainment.
The actress is currently promoting her new Apple TV+ series Land of Women, in which she executive produces and stars opposite Carmen Maura.
Filed Under: EJ Moreno, News, Television Tagged With: Eva Longoria, Hulu, Only Murders in the Builing
EJ Moreno is a film and television critic and entertainment writer who joined the pop culture website Flickering Myth in 2018 and now serves as the executive producer of Flickering Myth TV, a YouTube channel with over 27,000 subscribers. With over a decade of experience, he is a Rotten Tomatoes-approved critic who is also part of the Critics Choice Association and GALECA: The Society of LGBTQ Entertainment Critics.
 

© Flickering Myth Limited. All rights reserved. The reproduction, modification, distribution, or republication of the content without permission is strictly prohibited. Movie titles, images, etc. are registered trademarks / copyright their respective rights holders. Read our Terms of Use and  Privacy Policy. If you can read this, you don't need glasses.