Hailey Bieber gave a subtle sign of support to Selena Gomez as she announced her engagement to Benny Blanco on Wednesday.
The Rhode founder –– who is married to Gomez’s ex Justin Bieber –– “liked” Gomez’s engagement announcement on Instagram.
Prior to her relationship with Blanco, Gomez had several high-profile relationships, including Justin, with with whom she was on-again, off-again from 2010 to 2018.
Just a few months after their split, the “Yummy” singer, 30, got engaged to Hailey, 28, in July 2018 and tied the knot two months later. 
The two women have since found themselves at the center of drama and rumored feuds over the years with things both of them have shared on social media.
Hailey previously denied that they had anything but “respect” and “love” for one another during a September 2022 episode of “Call Her Daddy.”
Gomez later echoed the sentiment and said that “no one should have to experience hate or bullying” after finding out that Hailey was getting “death threats.”
“Hailey Bieber reached out to me and let me know that she has been receiving death threats and such hateful negativity,” Gomez wrote via social media in March 2023.
“I’ve always advocated for kindness and really want all this all to stop,” she concluded.
Hailey was among a whopping 16.5 million social media users and celebrities who “liked” the sweet post on Wednesday.
Some of Gomez’s famous friends –– including Taylor Swift, Cara Delevingne, Jennifer Aniston and Cardi B –– also expressed their excitement over the news.
The “Only Murders in the Building” actress, 32, announced their engagement by posting pictures of her massive marquise diamond engagement ring on her ring finger, smiling at a picnic with Taco Bell and hugging Blanco, 36, while he kissed her. 
“forever begins now..” she captioned the sweet post.
Blanco has yet to share the news via his own social media, but he cheekily commented under her post, “hey wait… that’s my wife.”
The “Calm Down” songstress and the music producer got engaged after a year and a half of dating. The couple were friends for years before their relationship turned romantic in July 2023.
Advertisement