This is pure joy.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Sunday was a big night for many stars of the small screen — especially for the casts of some of the 2024 Emmy Awards’ big winners like The Bear, Shōgun and Baby Reindeer. Even for many of the celebrities like Selena Gomez who didn’t walk away with a trophy, the nominees were jazzed just to be there celebrating the best that television has to offer. What ultimately made it all worth it for the Only Murders in the Building actress, though, was the support she got from someone who wasn’t even in attendance — her niece!
Selena Gomez was nominated for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series at the 76th annual Primetime Emmy Awards (which can be streamed with a Hulu subscription through September 22), and while she was not announced as the winner — that honor went to Jean Smart of Hacks — Gomez seemed to feel like she won anyway, as she shared an Instagram Story showing the support she was getting back home.
Selena Gomez’s adorable niece was shown in a short video on Instagram, jumping up and down and cheering for her “tia” as the nominations were read for her category. I love this so much for both of them, because it must have been so exciting for the little one to see her aunt all dressed up and doing her thing on TV. Hopefully she wasn’t too upset that Gomez’s name wasn’t read from the card, because for the “Lose You to Love Me” singer, seeing her goddaughter’s excitement was all she needed.
That’s saying quite a bit, too, because other than missing out on the all-important piece of hardware, Selena Gomez seemed to be having a great time at the Emmy Awards. For one, she looked absolutely ravishing in her red carpet gown, joining Quinta Brunson and the cast of Abbott Elementary in award-worthy looks. Her black velvet custom Ralph Lauren dress featured a criss-cross halter top that sparkled around her neck, and her glam makeup was flawless.
Secondly, she attended the awards show with her partner (possibly fiancé?) Benny Blanco, who was seen doting on the actress in the audience. Selena Gomez also got to present the first award of the night, taking the stage with her Only Murders in the Building co-stars Steve Martin and Martin Short. She couldn’t even keep from laughing as they riffed off of each other, and one has to wonder how anything ever gets done on the set of that show.
I’m sure Selena Gomez was disappointed that she ultimately didn’t win, but looking at who she was up against, it truly was an honor just to be nominated. In addition to the eventual winner Jean Smart, others nominated for lead actress in a comedy were Quinta Brunson of Abbott Elementary, Ayo Edebiri of The Bear (which we thought might sweep the Emmys, and it nearly did), Maya Rudolph for Loot and Kristen Wiig for Palm Royale.
In fact, the Hulu murder mystery didn’t garner any wins in the primetime awards, with Steve Martin, Martin Short, Paul Rudd and Meryl Streep also walking away empty-handed. At times like that, it’s good to know you’ve got the love of your niece to fall back on.
Your Daily Blend of Entertainment News
You can see Selena Gomez and the whole gang in action, as new episodes of Only Murders in the Building drop each Tuesday on Hulu (one of the best streaming services you can subscribe to).
Heidi Venable is a Content Producer for CinemaBlend, a mom of two and a hard-core '90s kid. She started freelancing for CinemaBlend in 2020 and officially came on board in 2021. Her job entails writing news stories and TV reactions from some of her favorite prime-time shows like Grey's Anatomy and The Bachelor. She graduated from Louisiana Tech University with a degree in Journalism and worked in the newspaper industry for almost two decades in multiple roles including Sports Editor, Page Designer and Online Editor. Unprovoked, will quote Friends in any situation. Thrives on New Orleans Saints football, The West Wing and taco trucks.
Christopher Meloni Revealed F-Bomb-Filled Things People Yell At Him While Filming Law And Order On The Streets Of NYC: 'That Kind Of Blew That Take'
As Queen Latifah Shares Message For 'Ride Or Die' Fans After The Equalizer's Cancellation, Here's What We Know About The CBS Series Finale
Paget Brewster Shared The Story Behind A Wardrobe Mishap She Had While Working With Matthew Perry On Friends, And The 'Gentlemanly' Way He Handled It

Cinemablend is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.