Actress Selena Gomez surprised students at a Colorado high school to support a local volleyball team who publically pleaded for the actress to attend.
Gomez made the unannounced visit at Telluride High School over the weekend while she was in town to promote her movie “Emilia Pérez” and students posted a bright orange sign asking her to perform the national anthem — suggesting two potential times between Aug. 30 and Aug 31.
“They asked!! Couldn’t help it, it’s my first time in Telluride!” the Emmy award-nominee posted on her social media.
The “Only Murders in the Building” actress posted a carousel of the event with a video showing her walking into the gym and shocking the teenage athletes playing on the court. In the same clip, fans in the stands rushed onto the floor to greet her. 
“I saw the sign and so I had to come,” Gomez told the shocked team.
The former child star posed for pictures with the team and signed autographs  — including a forehead —at the school in the small town located in Colorado’s Rocky Mountains.
The 32-year-old “Come & Get It” singer is appearing at the Telluride Film Festival this weekend for a screening of Jacques Audiard’s new film “Emilia Pérez,” which she stars in alongside Zoe Saldaña. 
The movie, scheduled to hit select theaters in November, was filmed in the Spanish language and dubbed as a comedy, drama and musical. It received an 11-minute standing ovation at the Cannes Film Festival in May.
“The kindest heart indeed,” Saldana commented on Gomez’s post. 
Gomez’s record producer boyfriend, Benny Blanco, also offered praise and commented with three heart emojis. 
Engagement rumors between the actress and Blanco, 36, have recently been swirling after Gomez was spotted casually leaving a Subway in Los Angeles on Sep. 29 with a plain gold band on her ring finger as she held her phone, chips and sunglasses.
Deuxmoi fueled the speculation by sharing a tip that Blanco reportedly proposed to the singer at a beach house “surrounded by friends.”
Less than two weeks before the gold ring sighting, fans on TikTok noticed her account followed CMG Weddings & Events, a “luxury” wedding-planning business that’s known for putting on events in Napa, San Francisco and Los Angeles. As of this article, she still follows the event business. 
In May, Blanco told SiriusXM’s “The Howard Stern Show” that he wanted to start a family with her and they even discuss it “every day.” 
The couple confirmed their relationship back in December 2023.  
Advertisement