Earlier this year, FX's "The Bear" was the most nominated comedy series at the Emmys with six major nominations, including victories for Jeremy Allen White and Ayo Edebiri as well as a Best Comedy Series triumph.
But how about this year? "Shōgun" looks set to dominate the drama categories with nine predicted nominations and four expected wins but what about in comedy? Well, scroll down below for our predicted Best Comedy Series nominees ranked in order of least predicted nominations to most. Then, we'll do a little breakdown and also work out which show is expected to walk away with the most wins, too.
"Reservation Dogs" (FX) — 1
"What We Do in the Shadows" (FX) — 1
"Curb Your Enthusiasm" (HBO) — 2
"Palm Royale" (Apple TV+) — 3
"Abbott Elementary" (ABC) — 5
"Hacks" (Max) — 6
"Only Murders in the Building" (Hulu) — 6
"The Bear" (FX) — 16
"The Bear," then, looks set to smash its highest tally yet by garnering a huge 16 nominations. Of course, we are only counting the major nominations here but if it picks up a few others such as writing and directing, it could match or even better the current record of most nominations earned by a comedy series in a single year. That record is held by "30 Rock," which was nominated for 22 Emmys in total in 2009. However, "The Bear" does look set to beat the record for most acting nominations by any show in a single year. Currently, that record is held by "Succession," which earned 14 earlier this year and the ceremony prior to that. We think "The Bear" will pick up 15 acting nominations. In particular, "The Bear" is predicted to garner four nominations for both Comedy Supporting Actor and Comedy Guest Actor. The show is also the only comedy series predicted to earn bids in all comedy acting categories this year.
"Only Murders in the Building" and "Hacks" are in joint second place with six predicted bids each but they are still a huge way off the expected tally of "The Bear." We think the former will do well in Comedy Actor with two bids while the latter should collect two citations in Comedy Guest Actress. We believe that both "Reservation Dogs" and "What We Do in the Shadows" will disappoint with only a single nomination for Best Comedy Series and no acting bids at all.
In terms of wins, however... well, it's looking like another huge night for "The Bear." We think that show will win TK awards: Comedy Series, Comedy Actor (Allen White), Comedy Supporting Actor (Moss-Bachrach), Comedy Guest Actress (Lee Curtis), and Comedy Guest Actor (Bernthal). We also think that "Hacks" will win two prizes — Comedy Actress (Smart) and Comedy Supporting Actor (Einbinder).
Make your predictions at Gold Derby now. Download our free and easy app for Apple/iPhone devices or Android (Google Play) to compete against legions of other fans plus our experts and editors for best prediction accuracy scores. See our latest prediction champs. Can you top our esteemed leaderboards next? Always remember to keep your predictions updated because they impact our latest racetrack odds, which terrify Hollywood chiefs and stars. Don’t miss the fun. Speak up and share your huffy opinions in our famous forums where 5,000 showbiz leaders lurk every day to track latest awards buzz. Everybody wants to know: What do you think? Who do you predict and why?
SIGN UP for Gold Derby newsletters and updates
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…
Take a trip back to the Academy Awards ceremonies of the recent past with Gold Derby’s Oscars Playback series. Hosts Joyce Eng and Christopher Rosen recap every Oscar ceremony of the 1990s and 2000s. Joyce and Chris tackle the highs and lows of each show and see how the winners aged. It’s a wonderful night for Oscar, whenever you watch!

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media