By 

	Clayton Davis

Senior Awards Editor

	Could you imagine an Oscars ceremony without the glitz, glamour and a heavy dose of pop stardom? Can you imagine the ratings?

	Well, the Oscars could get much more musical. This awards season, brace yourself for a “pop star era,” with music icons such as Lady Gaga, Selena Gomez and Ariana Grande all competing to receive acting attention from the Academy Awards, and in the same supporting actress race no less.





	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					Nintendo Switch 2 Won’t Be Superior Successor — But It Still Matters		
			














	
		
					Global Distributors of Chinese Cinema to Be Recognized at Beijing International Film Festival		
			








	Pop stars have long dominated the stage, captivating millions with their music. However, some megastars have proven they can conquer more than the Billboard charts. Take legendary artist Cher, for instance — the “Goddess of Pop” didn’t just give us hits like “Believe,” she also took home an Oscar for best actress for her unforgettable role as Italian widow and bookkeeper Loretta Castorini in the 1987 rom-com classic “Moonstruck.” That crossover has also come from other genre artists.

	










			Popular on Variety		






	R&B legend Mary J. Blige made waves when she became the first person to be nominated for both acting and original song in the same year for the drama “Mudbound” (2017). And she’s far from alone — musicians-turned-actors have earned recognition from the Emmys, Golden Globes and BAFTAs, proving they’re anything but one-trick ponies.

Read: You can see all Academy Award predictions in all 23 categories on one page on the Variety Awards Circuit: Oscars.

	This year, musical artists are stepping into the spotlight as some of Hollywood’s most talked-about awards contenders. With buzz swirling, the pop star trio could roar within the musical genre, putting them in Oscar contention. The supporting actress category, in particular, has often been a welcoming home for musical stars. From nominees like Meryl Streep in “Into the Woods” (2014) and Penélope Cruz in “Nine” (2009) to winners like Catherine Zeta-Jones in “Chicago” (2002) and Ariana DeBose in “West Side Story” (2022), many have all razzle-dazzled the Academy. Notably, the popularity of Zeta-Jones’ movie and performance was strong enough to bring her own musician-turned-actress co-star, Queen Latifah, for a correlating nomination. Could that hint at a similar fate for Gomez and her “Emilia Pérez” front-running co-star Zoe Saldaña?

	Gomez (currently ranked No. 5 on Variety’s prediction charts) delivers a remarkable performance as Jessi, the wife of a drug lord in Jacques Audiard’s Spanish-language musical “Emilia Pérez,” France’s official submission for the international feature race. The film premiered at Cannes, where Gomez shared the Best Actress prize with her co-stars Saldaña, Karla Sofía Gascón and Adriana Paz. Coming on the heels of her recent Emmy acting nom for Hulu’s mystery comedy “Only Murders in the Building,” Gomez is having a career-defining year that could soon add an Oscar nomination to her list of accolades, especially with the power of Netflix.

	










	Then there’s Ariana Grande, set to take on one of the most iconic roles in musical theater history: Glinda the Good Witch in Universal Pictures’ highly anticipated adaptation “Wicked.” Grande steps into the shoes once filled by Kristin Chenoweth, who earned a Tony nomination for her remarkable turn. While the movie has yet to screen for critics, early word is positive on Grande’s execution of the scene-stealing and hilarious witch. In addition, she will campaign for supporting actress attention, and her co-star Cynthia Erivo, an Oscar nominee herself, is vying for the lead. With a November release, Jon M. Chu’s big-budget spectacle could create the potential of a Grande acting nod (ranked No. 9 on the charts)

	And, of course, we can’t forget “Mother Monster” herself, Lady Gaga, the reigning Queen of pop-meets-Oscar glory. 

	Gaga, sitting at No. 8 this week, is back in the race with Todd Phillips’ psychological musical thriller “Joker: Folie à Deux,” where she stars opposite Joaquin Phoenix, who returns in his Oscar-winning role of Arthur Fleck. Gaga plays Harleen “Lee” Quinzel, aka Harley Quinn, with early buzz from the Venice Film Festival hinting at her show-stopping performances with vocal covers like “(They Long to Be) Close to You” and the gospel number “Gonna Build a Mountain.” While Gaga’s awards camp has yet to confirm her category placement, it’ll be no surprise she’ll again be in the Oscar conversation, no matter the category.

	Gaga’s already been here before. After Blige’s historic year, Gaga also landed dual noms for acting and songwriting for “A Star Is Born” (2018), with the Grammy winner walking away with an Oscar for original song for the emotional chart-topper “Shallow.” She also nearly nabbed another acting nom three years later for her murderous turn as fashion wife Patrizia in Ridley Scott’s “House of Gucci” (2021). Still, despite landing Globe, SAG, Critics Choice, and BAFTA noms, she was snubbed by the Academy, much to the dismay of her “Little Monsters.” With the recently announced release of her new album, “Harlequin,” a soundtrack to the film offers a one-two punch of cinematic and musical brilliance.

	With these pop powerhouses leading the charge, we might witness one of the most thrilling awards seasons in recent memory. Even Jennifer Lopez has received strong praise for her turn in the sports drama “Unstoppable,” in which she plays the supportive mother of a college wrestler who won a national championship despite being born with one leg. Variety even called it “the fullest screen performance she has ever given.”

	










	As the entertainment industry evolves, the lines between music and film blur and often collide. Pop stars like Gaga, Gomez and Grande could be at the forefront of this exciting new awards era.
The Business of Entertainment