Noggin
Noggin, Nickelodeon’s interactive learning platform for preschool-age kids, is shutting down after nearly a decade of operation. The entire team that ran the service was laid off as part of Paramount Global’s companywide layoffs this week.  Noggin will wind down sometime later this year. [Source: Kidscreen]
Bewitched
Writer-producer Judalina Neira (“The Boys”) has signed an overall deal with Sony Pictures Television focused on developing drama series for cable and streaming via her Famous Last Words Productions label.
The first project is described as an irreverent hourlong reimagination of the classic TV series “Bewitched” which she’ll executive produce with Doug Robinson and Lauren Moffat. [Source: Deadline]
American Rust: Broken Justice
Amazon Prime has announced a March 28th premiere date for the ten-episode second season of the Jeff Daniels and Maura Tierney-led “American Rust” which will go by the name “American Rust: Broken Justice” this year.  The show’s first season aired on Showtime back in early 2022.
The new season begins with a string of seemingly unrelated murders, hinting at a much larger conspiracy that threatens everyone in the small, tight-knit town.  David Alvarez, Alex Neustaedter, Julie Mayorga, Mark Pellegrino, Rob Yang and Kyle Beltran return. [Source: Variety]
Only Murders in the Building
Academy Award winner Meryl Streep will be returning for the fourth season of Hulu’s hit comedy series “Only Murders in the Building”.  She reprises her role of actress Loretta Durkin and joins returning regulars Steve Martin, Martin Short and Selena Gomez.  Story details for the fourth season are under wraps. [Source: TV Line]
Girls5eva
Netflix has premiered the trailer for the third season of the comedy series “Girls5eva which debuts March 14th with six half-hour episodes.  It marks the first season of the series to premiere on Netflix after the prior two were at Peacock, who cancelled the show.  Netflix also has non-exclusive rights to the first two seasons.