When it comes to PJ shopping, I've become something of a snob. I figure that getting a good night's rest is hard enough as is, so the last thing I want is to feel distracted by an uncomfortable pair of pajamas that could get tangled up in my sheets or cause me to feel hot throughout the night. In my experience, there are a couple key factors to consider when shopping out a new style: you want a pair that's breathable (especially for hot sleepers), stretchy so you can move around with ease, and stylish enough to actually get you excited for bed. Of all the pajama brands I've tried, none hold a candle to the high-quality sets from Eberjey — otherwise known as that TikTok-loved brand with a massive celeb fan base that includes stars like Selena Gomez and Meghan Markle.

So, what sets these comfortable pajamas apart from other styles on the market? For starters, Eberjey relies on a Tencel Modal material for many of its loungewear pieces. The thin-knit material has a spandex-like composition that's stretchy yet still tailored enough to look (and feel) flattering while on. The label takes everything you love about a functional pair of everyday pajamas and translates it into a set that's incredibly sophisticated, chic, and cooling. Eberjey's Gisele pajamas are a particular favorite from the brand, and this Eberjey Tencel Modal Rib Relaxed Short PJ Set ($148) has been my saving grace as temperatures heat up and I find myself in dire need of more breathable clothing.

Ahead, I break down everything to know about these Eberjey pajamas, including where you can buy them, who might benefit from investing in a set, and why I consider them to be the best pajamas that money can buy. Keep reading for my full Eberjey pajamas review.

I'm not joking when I say that I've never worn a pair of pajamas as comfortable as these. The style is remarkably soft and lightweight, with a feel that almost makes you forget that you're wearing pajamas at all. Crafted from Eberjey's signature Tencel Modal fibers and spandex blend, the PJ set encapsulates what a breezy loungewear style should feel like: effortless, comfortable, and durable enough to withstand even the most chaotic sleepers (it's me, hi). 

I toss and turn constantly throughout the night, which has (historically) led me to getting tangled in my pajamas or, in the worst cases, woken up in the night. These Eberjey pajamas are different; they have a tailored design that keeps the style's fabric close to the skin without feeling too constricting. The cozy pajamas are also equal parts lightweight and thick, as the modal material drapes effortlessly off the body — I don't have to worry about the pieces scrunching up awkwardly when I sleep. My sleep quality has improved dramatically since adding these pajamas from Eberjey to my wardrobe, and I credit that entirely to the set's casual, airy design. 

As a fashion girlie, I also appreciate just how elevated and stylish these PJs are. The polished collar, button-down design, and ribbed detailing make them feel much more luxurious than they actually are; it's like getting a set of designer PJs for under $200. I love wearing them for sleepovers or any occasion where I'm not alone but still want to look my best.

These comfy pajamas feel luxurious and high-quality — which is represented in their steeper price tag. Of all the styles in my wardrobe, pajamas don't exactly fall into the category of items I'm comfortable spending a ton of money on, let alone more than $100. If you're like me, you might struggle with the idea of splurging on a set that's not really designed to leave the house. And while most pajamas (at least the ones I've tried) don't necessarily boast the same softness as this particular set, you can definitely shop out other affordable pajamas online and for well under $50. So if you're in the market for a budget-friendly option, these might not be the best choice for you. 
If you're tired of relying on the same old exhausted, low-grade set of pajamas and would prefer to stock up on investment pieces that you can keep in your closet for years to come, these Eberjey pajamas are a worthwhile buy. The set is made from Tencel Modal fibers and boasts plenty of stretch, so you'll be able to wear it for years to come.  
These comfortable pajamas are available to shop exclusively at Eberjey. 
Rating:
★★★★
Kyley Warren is an award-winning writer, editor, and affiliate strategist with more than four years of experience in the publishing space. She currently works as an assistant editor on POPSUGAR Shopping and is an expert on all things related to shopping and fashion. She previously worked with Entertainment Tonight as a style commerce writer, and her byline has appeared in publications globally.