Posted by Ally Reid at Wednesday, August 7, 2024 at 1:10 AM
    
Selena Gomez describes her admiration for Meryl Streep, who is Gomez’s co-star on season three of her hit Netflix show, “Only Murders in the Building.” "She was really happy, and when she walked on set, she told everyone she loves the show. From the first day she was here, I just admired her,” Gomez told The Hollywood Reporter.   “She's an inspiration, talented, humble, professional, and nice. Simply being Meryl has taught me a lot,” said Selena, who also recanted her favorite Meryl Streep moment while filming. She said, "Watching Meryl sing live was my favorite. That was terrifying, and she always sang it live acappella. I sobbed. I wasn't in the scenario, but I was in the crowd and moved to tears.” “Only Murders in the Building” is a fan favorite, and Gomez has teased season four, saying, “I think this is our most exciting season; I would say that confidently because it was too much fun. It was fantastic how it came together. Fun was had by all. Yes, folks are in for a ride. Taking us to LA and doing other stuff is fun. I think it'll be my favorite season." Who has been the best guest star on Only Murders in the Building?  

            REUTERS/Aude Guerrucci
        
Become A FLY92.3 VIP!
Everybody Loves Cake
Exclusive Contests, Content & More!  Join Now!
Join FLY92.3 For An Amazing Weekend Of Music And More!
Get Our Free App Now!  Let's Go Everywhere Together
Start Your Day With Jake & Libby

                                    Celebrate with the Carnival on Hamburg Street!
                                

                                    Join us at the Cohoes Public Library on Saturday, May 3rd as we celebrate Star Wars Day and Free Comic Book Day!
                                

                                    Cheer on the Albany Firebird this season at the MVP Arena!!

Get your tickets now to secure your seat to all the action and be part of the Firebirds' journey ...
                                

                                    The Cohoes Public Library will be hosting a Suicide Prevention event: Talk Saves Lives by the American Foundation for Suicide Prevention.