ByDavid Bloom
ByDavid Bloom,
 Senior Contributor. 
Want to demonstrate your streaming company’s awards-season commitment to a recently acquired and wildly unique international film? Send the co-CEO to tell an industry insider crowd how great and special the movie is. While you’re at it, have an Oscar-nominated director introduce your film’s director for a special award, and enlist an Oscar-winning director to moderate the Q&A afterward. That should do it.
Michael Mann (l.) hands 'Emilia Perez' director Jacques Audiard The Franco-American Cultural Fund ... More Achievement Award at The American French Film Festival.
All that pomp accompanied this week’s opening night of The American French Film Festival, which featured Jacques Audiard’s Cannes Jury Prize winner Emilia Perez — followed by a panel that included stars Zoe Saldana, Selena Gomez and Karla Sofia Gascon, moderated by Taylor Hackford (Ray, Against All Odds, An Officer and Gentleman). Michael Mann (Heat, Thief, Miami Vice) gave a chapeau-twirling Audiard a special award on behalf of the festival.
Netflix Co-CEO Ted Sarandos made the rugged rush-hour ride down Sunset Boulevard in Hollywood to the Directors Guild of America headquarters, where he told the TAFFF opening-night crowd they were about to see a “brilliant and audacious film” that is “bold, moving and transcendent.”
Hackford, a board member of the Franco-American Cultural Fund, told the crowd, “What you’re about to see I think isn’t a good film, or a great film; it’s a contemporary masterpiece.”
Later, introducing the panel that featured three of the four actresses (along with Adriana Paz) who collectively shared the Cannes festival’s best actress award, Hackford said, “This is called cinema, and AI will never be able to duplicate it.”
It’s also France’s official entry in the Academy Awards’ International Feature Film bakeoff this year — though Netflix reportedly has much bigger ambitions, such as best actress for Gascon’s transformation from drug kingpin to someone very different and supporting actress for Saldana, playing the Mexico City lawyer who ends up becoming Emilia Perez’s right-hand person on her road to redemption.
Gascon called the film “a gift from life. It’s a wonderful journey to play both of these roles.”
Playing the murderous, thuggish drug kingpin required careful thought and training on what vocal register to use, how to move and carry the body in ways that noticeably differentiated him from Emilia’s character, Gascon said.
Saldana has been in many of the most popular films of all time, including the Avatar, The Avengers, Star Trek and Guardians of the Galaxy franchises. Emilia Perez exercised some very different performance muscles. She used her own partial upbringing in the Dominican Republic and early loss of a family member to inform the background of her lawyer character. She also tapped nine years of dance training for her strong, highly choreographed musical performances in the movie.
“Later in life, I was feeling stuck,” Saldana said. “What is my next challenge? (That led to) the evolution of this Jiminy Cricket character” advising Emilia Perez on the need for redemption after her years as a drug lord.
The panel’s funniest moment came from Gomez, a former Disney child performer with a Grammy-nominated singing career, when she found out that the “audition” she was doing for Audiard in New York wasn’t actually a test of her abilities.
“It wasn’t an audition,” Audiard interjected. “It was for the musicians. I already loved you.”
A gape-jawed Gomez comically nearly dropped her microphone before recovering: “I wish I would have known that.”
Gomez, who’s been nominated for four Primetime Emmys for her role in Hulu’s hit series Only Murders in the Building, said she was “hoping for a role like” Jessi, the drug lord’s wife. “I was really down to do it. This is really the principle of having a second life, and then having a price to pay for it.”
There’s a good chance the operatic movie’s many songs get consideration for Oscar music awards. At the end of the night, composer partners Clément Ducol and Camille performed one of the film’s songs, further highlighting their music to a crowd that likely included plenty of Academy voters.
Audiard said he set out to “organically” create a modern-day opera with Emilia Perez, though he confessed he’s no aficionado of the form. But the story tumbled out over 28 pages of what was effectively the libretto for a cinematic opera as he was creating the project.
“As we say in France, it was bound to become a musical,” Audiard said.
Hackford pointed out that, though the film is set and appears to be shot in Mexico, it was instead mostly filmed on sound stages in the Paris suburbs. Audiard and the performers credited that in part to the vision of production designer Emmanuelle Duplay, who Audiard said was really the film’s “artistic director,” beyond her usual on-set duties.
The American French Film Festival wraps up this weekend with a closing-night screening of the latest version of The Count of Monte Cristo, another contender for France’s official Oscar submission.
For what little it’s worth, the teen daughter of a good friend saw a mid-week festival screening with hundreds of other Los Angeles students in French programs and gave The Count an enthusiastic thumb’s up, despite its three-hour length. She didn’t pull out her phone once, she said. That’s saying something.