Manage your account
Eva Longoria has joined “Only Murders in the Building” Season 4 at Hulu in a recurring role, Variety has learned.
Longoria is the latest new cast member announced for the new season of the popular comedy series, with Molly Shannon also set to appear alongside series leads Steve Martin, Martin Short, and Selena Gomez. Meryl Streep is also set to reprise her role from Season 3.
More from Variety
Alan Cumming, Jane Lynch Board Returning Hulu Series 'The Bravest Knight' (EXCLUSIVE)
Meryl Streep Set to Return for 'Only Murders in the Building' Season 4
'Only Murders in the Building' Adds Molly Shannon to Season 4 Cast
Exact details on the character Longoria will be playing are being kept under wraps, as are most plot details for the new season. It is known, however, that Season 4 will see the main characters making a trip to Los Angeles before returning to New York.
Longoria is best known for her starring role in the hit ABC drama “Desperate Housewives,” for which she earned a Golden Globe nomination in 2006. She is also known for starring in shows like “The Young and the Restless” and “Telenovela,” the latter of which she also executive produced. Next up, she will star in the Apple TV+ series “Land of Women,” on which she is also an executive producer.
Longoria has been increasingly active behind the camera in recent years, having executive produced shows like “Devious Maids,” “Grand Hotel,” and “Gordita Chronicles.” She has also directed episodes of those and several other shows, while she made her feature directorial debut in 2023 with the film “Flamin’ Hot.”
She is repped by WME, Linden Entertainment, and Yorn Levine Barnes.
Martin, John Hoffman, Short, and Gomez all executive produce “Only Murders in the Building” along with Dan Fogelman and Jess Rosenthal. It was created by Martin and Hoffman. 20th Television is the studio.
Best of Variety
New Movies Out Now in Theaters: What to See This Week 
Oscars: Best Actress - Lily Gladstone and Emma Stone In a Race Too Close to Call, With Third Party Candidates Brewing
Oscars: Best Actor - Paul Giamatti Leads the Race, but Keep Close Eye on SAG to Determine Ultimate Victor
Sign up for Variety’s Newsletter. For the latest news, follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram.