Spoiler: it has nothing to do with Timothée Chalamet.
Getty
 One viral moment in particular from the 2024 Golden Globes caught the internet by storm: best friends and nominees Selena Gomez and Taylor Swift's gab session. After the clip spread across social media, headlines ranging from run-of-the-mill gossip to a very specific incident about Kylie Jenner and Timothée Chalamet got sent to group chats everywhere. Gomez finally clarified exactly what happened, using her newfound love of the comments section to let everyone know that she and Swift weren't talking about Timmy and Kylie at all.

 When E! News posted about the moment on Instagram, Gomez dropped into the comments section, writing, "I told Taylor about two of my friends who hooked up. Not that that's anyone business."

Todd Williamson/CBS via Getty Images
 Before she made the big reveal, sources close to the star had already cleared the air, but didn't have specifics. A source explained to People that "she was absolutely not referencing anything about Timothée or Kylie" and that Gomez "never even saw or spoke to them."

 Gomez was nominated for a Globe for her role in Only Murders in the Building. Taylor was also up for an award thanks to her record-breaking Eras Tour movie: Cinematic and Box Office Achievement. Gomez didn't take home the gold and Swift similarly lost out. Barbie earned the new award and Gomez lost to Ayo Edebiri, who won Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Television Series – Musical or Comedy for her role in Hulu's The Bear. 

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)