Selena Gomez showed off her sparkling engagement ring from fiancé Benny Blanco in a new video.
The Only Murders In The Building star, 32, has been dating musician Benny, 36, since June 2023 and, in August this year, sparked speculation they were going to tie the knot by sharing cheeky images on social media. Earlier this month, Selena delighted fans when she confirmed she got engaged to the producer.
In a new video shared on social media, Selena shared an update with fans as she applied makeup from her brand, Rare Beauty. She seemed to be sitting on the floor in her bedroom as she blended foundation and contour on her face. She also applied mascara, bronzer and blush from the brand.
However, the main focus was the giant sparkling diamond ring on her hand. Benny set up a recreation of one of their picnic dates to propose to her. She looked over the moon as she studied her ring in the pictures shared on her Instagram page right after her engagement.
As the Love You Like A Love Song singer showed off her engagement ring to her followers, the sentimental meaning was revealed. According to jewellery experts Steven Stone, Selena's ring is valued at a whopping $200,000. The design, according to the experts, appeared to be 4-carat marquise-cut diamond, with diamond shoulders added for brilliance. And they also speculated that the ring holds a meaningful reference to the lyrics in her song Good For You, in which she speaks about 'marquise diamonds'.
Maxwell Stone said: "Selena's exquisite sparkler showcases a stunning 4-carat marquise-cut diamond, a true symbol of elegance and luxury. Its elongated shape holds special meaning for Selena, as it subtly alludes to the lyrics from her song 'Good for You', a personal touch from Benny.
"With meticulously crafted facets that come together to create an exceptional brilliance, the centre stone is complimented by diamond-encrusted shoulders. While marquise-cut diamonds are less common than the more traditional round or cushion cuts, they are highly coveted by those with a taste for individuality and distinction."
Sharing on Instagram and TikTok, Benny later revealed the moment was actually filmed on a soundstage that had been made to look like a park. The snap showed lighting and camera equipment set up ready for the moment. The loved-up couple enjoyed a Taco Bell meal and a Champagne toast.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.