A source told PEOPLE that the venture "will reflect everything that she loves — family, cooking, entertaining and home décor"
Janine Henni is a Royals Staff Writer for PEOPLE Digital, covering modern monarchies and the world's most famous families. Like Queen Elizabeth, she loves horses and a great tiara moment.
SUZANNE CORDEIRO/AFP via Getty
 Meghan Markle is preparing to unveil more of American Riviera Orchard.

 The Duchess of Sussex, 42, will officially launch her new lifestyle brand later this spring, PEOPLE understands. Meghan unveiled American Riviera Orchard's website and Instagram account on March 14.

 The update follows Meghan and Prince Harry's announcement on April 11 regarding two new nonfiction series in development at Netflix through their Archewell Productions hub, Deadline reports. These shows, which are part of their ongoing multi-year deal with the streaming platform, will focus on the individual passions of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex.

 A series curated by Meghan will highlight the fun of cooking, gardening, entertaining and friendship, and see her serve as an executive producer. The series will be produced by The Intellectual Property Corporation, part of Sony Pictures Television, under showrunner Leah Hariton, who produced Selena Gomez's cooking series Selena + Chef, which first aired on MAX.

 Meanwhile, a second Netflix project will take viewers into the world of professional polo — a longtime love of Harry, 39. The program will be shot primarily at the US Open Polo Championship in Wellington, Florida at the The USPA National Polo Center, and capture the dedication necessary to succeed in the equestrian sport.

 The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are both set to serve as executive producers for the polo show, which will be produced by Boardwalk Pictures with showrunner Miloš Balać, co-executive producer of Ryan Reynolds and Rob McElhenney's Welcome to Wrexham on FX.

Karwai Tang/WireImage
 Both series are said to be in the early stages of production, with titles and premiere dates expected in the coming months.

 The news dropped after a source exclusively told PEOPLE that Meghan was "excited" about American Riviera Orchard and its budding online presence.

 "Meghan finds the name American Riviera Orchard perfect. It feels authentic to her. She can’t wait for the website to launch," the source told PEOPLE. The insider added that the brand "will reflect everything that she loves — family, cooking, entertaining and home décor."

 "She is excited about her latest, personal venture," the source said. "This is something she’s been wanting to do for a while. She is excited to share her style and things that she loves."

Mat Hayward/FilmMagic
 The American Riviera Orchard name pays homage to Santa Barbara, the California town where the Duchess of Sussex lives with Prince Harry and their children, 4-year-old son Prince Archie and 2-year-old daughter Princess Lilibet. The stretch of California coast has been nicknamed the "American Riviera" for over a century, and Meghan included the name of their neighborhood, Montecito, below American Riviera Orchard’s logo.

 A trademark application filed in February for American Riviera Orchard revealed that the Duchess of Sussex sought permission to sell cutlery, cookbooks, jarred foods and more, plus retail store services.

 Upon its launch, the initial landing page for the American Riviera Orchard featured its logo in gold script and a sign up for an email waitlist that promised "products, availability and updates." Meanwhile, American Riviera Orchard's first Instagram Story showed Meghan arranging flowers, mixing in a kitchen and wearing a billowing black dress to the tune of "I Wish You Love" by Nancy Meyers.

American Riviera Orchard
 The brand debut was no surprise for longtime fans, as the Duchess of Sussex launched and ran lifestyle blog The Tig before she and Prince Harry started dating and later married in 2018. She used the site to write about food, fashion and travel she found inspiring, along with personal reflections.

 Meghan shuttered the site in 2017, and reflected on its success in the 2022 Netflix docuseries Harry & Meghan.

 "I've never been the type of person to do only one thing. I guess that how my website was born," Meghan said in the series, which chronicled her love story with Harry, their step back from their royal roles in 2020 and U.S. move the same year.

 "There was fashion, there was tons of food, and travel, so it was all of the things that I loved. And The Tig wasn't just a hobby. It became a really successful business," she said.

Andrew Chin/Getty
 Can't get enough of PEOPLE's Royals coverage? Sign up for our free Royals newsletter to get the latest updates on Kate Middleton, Meghan Markle and more!

 The Tig is even mentioned in the new joint bio page for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex on the royal family’s official website. On March 18, royal watchers spotted that Prince Harry and Meghan’s previously separate biographies on Royal.UK were condensed and combined into a single profile.

 The page breaks up the couple’s biographies under the banners "About the Duke of Sussex" and "About the Duchess of Sussex," recapping highlights like Prince Harry’s decade of service in the British Army and creation of the Invictus Games alongside Meghan’s seven seasons on Suits and history with The Tig.

 The updated Royal.UK profile also leads to the website that Prince Harry and Meghan unveiled in February, sussex.com. The site serves as a home for their bios and log of latest endeavors, with links to their Archewell Foundation organization and Archewell Productions hub.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)