By JOANNA CRAWLEY FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  07:50, 11 January 2024   |  Updated:  08:43, 11 January 2024   
 22
View  comments
Selena Gomez was back on the red carpet on Wednesday night, amid her drama-filled week.
The Only Murders In The Building star celebrated the latest launch from her company Rare Beauty, unveiling the Find Comfort Body Collection in Beverly Hills.
She looked in good spirits, chatting with fans and press about the new launch while dressed in a chic white suit with a coat draped over her shoulders. 
The event comes four days after the star hit headlines for her gossiping session at the Golden Globes, which saw fans accuse her of talking about Kylie Jenner and Timothée Chalamet.
Selena Gomez was back on the red carpet on Wednesday night, amid her drama-filled week, celebrating  the latest launch from her company Rare Beauty in Beverly Hills 
The event comes four days after the star hit headlines for her gossiping session at the Golden Globes, which saw fans accuse her of talking about Kylie Jenner and Timothée Chalamet
After setting the record straight and denying she was slamming the couple, Selena told fans she was stepping back from the limelight 'for a while', vowing to take a break from social media.
The break lasted 24 hours as also on Wednesday Selena took to her Stories to promote a cooking video with chef Gordon Ramsay, 51.
The night prior Selena announced her social media break. 'I'm off social for a while I'm focusing on what really matters,' she told fans, adding a video of her boyfriend Benny Blanco, 35, playing with a pair of young kids.
Selena went viral after her debrief with friends Taylor Swift and Keleigh Sperry at Sunday's Golden Globes was caught on camera.
Viewers scrambled to lip read the interaction, deducing that Selena was filling her girlfriends in on an awkward interaction with couple of the moment Kylie Jenner and Timothee Chalamet.
Video from their table showed Selena, 31, Taylor, 34, and Miles Teller's wife Keleigh having an animated discussion - with Selena waxing lyrical to a shocked Taylor and Keleigh, before the latter is clearly heard clarifying: 'with Timothee?' as Selena nods.
Forensic lipreader Jeremy Freeman exclusively uncovered the trio's conversation for DailyMail.com - alleging Selena was denied a photo with Timothee, 28, and claiming she feared 'upsetting' him and Kylie, 26.
Freeman says Selena dished to Taylor and Keleigh: 'He didn’t want a picture with me, he said no' with Keleigh responding: 'Timothee?'
She looked in good spirits, chatting with fans and press about the new launch while dressed in a chic white suit with a coat draped over her shoulders
Selena smiled as she chatted with fans about her popular beauty line, looking incredible in a lace trimmed top and pristine white suit 
The day before, Selena told fans she was stepping back from the limelight 'for a while', vowing to take a break from social media
Taylor then whispered in Selena's ear, with the Only Murders In The Building actress allegedly saying: 'I tried, I couldn’t, it’ll upset em.'
On Monday, Selena denied she was speaking about Kylie and Timothee as she posted in the comment section of an E! News post about the incident. 
The post was captioned, 'At tea time, we'd love to know if Selena Gomez was really gossiping about Kylie Jenner & Timothée Chalamet at this year's #GoldenGlobes.'
Selena replied, 'Noooooo I told Taylor about two of my friends who hooked up. Not that that’s anyone business.'
Selena made her return to Instagram on Wednesday to promote a cooking video with chef Gordon Ramsay , 51, just one day after vowing to take a break 
Selena said it was time for a social media break as she took to Instagram Stories Tuesday evening, amid brewing drama over an incident at the Golden Globes. She accompanied the statement with a brief clip of her boyfriend Benny Blanco, 35, and a pair of young kids
Timothee also denied having any issues with Selena on Monday, saying they were on good terms.
 The pair had previously worked with one another on the Woody Allen movie A Rainy Day In New York, playing the respective love interests Chan and Gatsby.
Selena has past said she thinks taking social media breaks at times make for a healthy decision, revealing that at one point, she took more than four years off from going online - letting her assistant run her account.
Last year, she announced she was taking a break from her social media on two occasions. 
Selena went viral after her debrief with friends Taylor Swift and Keleigh Sperry at Sunday's Golden Globes was caught on camera 
Speculation ensued Timothée wouldn't pose with Gomez for a picture so as not to upset his rumored love interest Kylie Jenner; Pictured at the Golden Globes 
On Monday, Gomez denied she was speaking about Chalamet and Jenner as she posted in the comment section of an E! News post about the incident 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group