It’s estimated to be worth up to $1 million
Every product on this page was chosen by a Harper's BAZAAR editor. We may earn commission on some of the items you choose to buy.
Oval diamonds have dominated the engagement ring industry for years now, but Selena Gomez’s new rock seems to confirm that the winds are changing. 
Last night, the Only Murders in the Building star shared the happy news of her engagement to music producer Benny Blanco, who gave her a massive marquise diamond set on a yellow-gold pavé band. Reports have estimated that the ring may have cost anywhere between $200,000 and $1 million.
After years of oval-shaped diamonds saturating the market, the choice of a marquise diamond indicates a newfound swing towards unconventional center stone shapes.
Defined by soft curves and sharp elongated edges, the marquise cut's origins lie in King Louis XV of France, who, in the 18th century, commissioned a diamond to be modeled in the shape of the lips of his mistress, the Marquise de Pompadour. The style grew in popularity in the ’90s, and Gomez now joins a list of other celebrities who have worn marquise diamonds on their ring finger, including Jackie Kennedy Onassis, Victoria Beckham, and Jennifer Lopez.
“Couples continue to look for alternative engagement rings that remain sentimental but with a twist on tradition,” Jennifer McCurry, a jewelry buyer for Marissa Collections, told the Natural Diamond Council. “The diamond solitaire is back taking center stage, debuting in new shapes, colors, and cuts.” 
Gomez has always been ahead of the trend. It’s entirely possible that Blanco may have simply felt inspired to choose this particular cut due to lyrics from Gomez’s 2015 song, “Good for You.” As she sings in the second verse, “I'm on my marquise diamonds / I'm a marquise diamond / Could even make that Tiffany jealous.”
Tracee Ellis Ross Sports Wedge Balmain Boots
Dua Lipa Gives Leather Looks the Spring Treatment
Doechii Pays Homage to André Leon Talley
Hailey's Miami Outfits All Had This in Common
Bella Hadid Poses in Poolside Lingerie and Curlers
Prince Harry Says He May Not Return to the U.K. 
George Clooney Played Softball In Central Park
Hunter Schafer Gives the Tracksuit a Playful Twist
Blake Lively Wears a “Wedding Gown” on Late Night 
Bella Hadid Glows in a Bubblegum-Pink Set
J.Lo’s Dress Shimmers Like a Starry Night Sky
Hailey Bieber’s Party Dress Is Made of Watches
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.