P Diddy has lodged another appeal for release from prison while he awaits his court hearing.
The rapper, also known as Sean Combs, was arrested last month on charges of racketeering conspiracy, sex trafficking and transportation to engage in prostitution. Despite his legal team offering a whopping $50m (£38m) for bail and house arrest, the 54 year old musician was ordered to be held without bail.
Now, he's challenging the bail decision with his lawyers filing papers requesting his release. The documents reportedly argue that Diddy doesn't pose a credible flight risk, contrary to claims made by federal prosecutors.
TMZ reports that Diddy's lawyers claim the substantial bail offer includes enough restrictions to address any potential concerns about witness tampering and flight risk. The proposal reportedly stipulates that Diddy would not have any female visitors outside of his family before his trial.
READ MORE: Selena Gomez recalls weird encounter with P Diddy while dating Justin Bieber
READ MORE: Click for more brilliant Daily Star showbiz stories
Legal documents filed by the rapper, seen by the Daily Mail, argue that he is "not a threat to the community", reports the Mirror. This marks the third formal attempt by Diddy and his team to secure his release from jail ahead of his case. The founder of Bad Boy Records vehemently denies all charges levelled against him.
He is currently swamped with a staggering 100 allegations of sexual abuse, juggling both criminal and civil suits. Like notorious names before him such as R Kelly and Ghislaine Maxwell, he's being held at the infamous Metropolitan Detention Center (MDC) in Brooklyn, New York, biding his time till trial.
Celebrities are reportedly still worried to come forward and stand against Diddy, even though he is stuck in in jail. A source told People: "He's so powerful. Everyone was afraid to cross him. Even though he's behind bars now, he's still so powerful. We all knew it even back then." The insider added: "Everyone always chalked it up to being a creative genius when it came to his obsession with controlling things."
Attorney Tony Buzbee is working with an alleged 120 supposed victims and dropped the bombshell that certain A-listers might've been hush-hushing cases by paying people off, in order to keep their reputation untarnished.
Speaking to TMZ, he said: "Everyone is focused on what other celebrities were involved, who is going to be named, who is going to be outed. I don't expect that to happen this week. We want to make sure if we name individuals beyond Mr Combs that, we have done our homework because it is going to create a firestorm, and we understand that. If you were there in the room, participated, watched it happen and didn't say anything or helped cover it up, in my view, you have a problem."
The Daily Star is now on WhatsApp and we want you to join us!
Through the app, we'll send you the sassiest showbiz stories, some naught headline and a seismic smattering of aliens...along with the latest breaking news of course.
To join our community, all you have to do to join is click on this link, select 'Join Chat' and you're in!
No one will be able to see who has sign up and no one can send messages except for the Daily Star team. We also treat our community members to competitions, special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners.
If you don’t like our community, you can check out any time you like. To leave our community click on the name at the top of your screen and choose Exit group. If you’re curious, you can read our Privacy Notice.
CLICK HERE TO JOIN
Have you joined Threads? Follow Daily Star to keep up to date on all things showbiz here
Want all the biggest Showbiz and TV news straight to your inbox? Sign up for our free Daily Star Showbiz newsletter
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.