Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Bella Hadid's see-through Saint Laurent garnered big buzz, while Indian celebrities were also on the rise.

							By 

	Rhonda Richford, WWD


	Partnerships proved to be the winner once again for brands at this year’s Cannes Film Festival. Official partners Chopard and L’Oréal came out on top in Launchmetrics’ analysis of media impact value (MIV).

	Longtime festival sponsor Chopard earned $32.3 million in total MIV through its association with the festival, which it has sponsored since 1998. The Geneva-based jewel house is also the designer of the festival’s coveted film prize, the Palme d’Or.



	“Consistently topping the brand rankings four years in a row, Chopard has yet again reaped significant benefits from this partnership,” said the Launchmetrics report.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	Lifestyle
			



	
		
					Demi Moore Praises Brad Goreski for "Ride of a Lifetime" as Stylist Wins Curator of the Year Honors		
			














	
	Movies
			



	
		
					Demi Moore Says Aging Is a "Tremendous Gift" and Not the Same as "Being Old": "You Could Not Pay Me to Be 21"		
			








	But it was the brand’s dominance of the red carpet that helped boost its numbers, through its placement on Demi Moore and Bella Hadid.

	Moore, who served as godmother of its Trophée Chopard prize for emerging actors, wore the brand’s jewelry to events throughout the festival, as well as her own film premiere of The Substance. Her appearances wearing Chopard were worth $1.3 million in MIV.

	Hadid’s major fashion moment of pairing a see-through Saint Laurent gown with Chopard jewels for The Apprentice premiere was immortalized on her personal Instagram, with the single post worth $736,000 for each brand.

	The outfit also garnered significant play on other social networks, for a total of $7.2 million MIV for Saint Laurent and $4.2 million for Chopard.

Saint Laurent was the most successful of the fashion brands under parent company Kering, which is also an official partner of the festival. The fashion brand earned buzz through its backing of films Emilia Perez, The Shrouds, and Parthenope under its Saint Laurent Productions film division.

	The brand earned $21.6 million in MIV throughout the festival.

	“In addition to their luxury brand partnerships during the event, Saint Laurent took on a larger role through Saint Laurent Productions, a relatively new division created to produce films, premiering three films at this year’s event and driving their brand performance through the voice of media,” said Launchmetrics in its report.

	










	The brand’s backing of film projects was successful in its win of an ensemble best actress prize for its stars Adriana Paz, Karla Sofía Gascón, Selena Gomez, and Zoe Saldana. They all wore Saint Laurent on the red carpet and throughout the festival, giving the brand added visibility.

	Salma Hayek’s sequin Saint Laurent column at the Perez premiere was the single highest earner for the brand with $382,000 per placement.

	Kering’s Gucci came in 10th for fashion brands during the festival, earning $8.7 million in MIV. Elle Fanning wore the brand to the closing ceremony, while they dressed several celebrities including Salma Hayek for the annual Kering Women in Motion gala dinner and awards ceremony.

	On the fashion front, Dior was the biggest brand to make an impact, despite not being a partner of the festival. The brand topped $26.8 million in MIV with a significant presence throughout the festival, including Meryl Streep and Juliette Binoche at the opening ceremony, as well as the festival’s official host Camille Cottin wearing the brand for both the opening and closing ceremonies.

	Chanel earned $16.7 million MIV, with placements such as Nathalie Emmanuel and Mikey Madison, while Louis Vuitton’s big red carpet moments with Emma Stone and WWD cover face Cate Blanchett brought in $11.3 million in MIV.

	L’Oréal, also a partner of the festival, had $5.6 million MIV throughout the two weeks, with its top associations being Indian actress Aditi Rao Hydari and former Miss Universe Pia Alonzo Wurtzbach.

	










	The two-week festival topped $941.3 million in MIV, which is Launchmetrics’ proprietary metric that assigns a true monetary value to marketing strategies across print, online and social media in order to calculate ROI.

	The festival’s home country of France was the top market, with about $202.1 million in MIV, but it was India that came in second — ahead of the U.S. — with about $199 million in MIV. That was driven by local celebrities, including Urvashi Rautela, Preity Zinta and Avneet Kaur.

	The top placement on Cannes’ official media partner Brut was Indian fashion designer Nancy Tayagi talking about her self-designed gown. The clip was worth $1.2 million in MIV and received 2.25 million likes on Instagram alone.

	Top social channels were Instagram, bringing in 38 percent of MIV, Facebook at 19 percent, TikTok at 8 percent, YouTube at 5 percent and X, formerly known as Twitter, at 3 percent.

This story originally ran on WWD.
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.