Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Disney also revealed the premiere date for the series. 

							By 

	Christy Piña

Associate Editor

	It’s a Disney Channel reunion!

Raven-Symoné and Danielle Fishel are set to return to the channel for the Wizards of Waverly Place reboot, Wizards Beyond Waverly Place — this time as directors. The actresses, who have both had their respective shows on Disney — That’s So Raven and Girl Meets World — will step behind the camera for a few episodes in the remake’s first season. 



	Disney also revealed the sequel series will debut the first two episodes on Disney Channel on Oct. 29, followed by eight episodes dropping on Disney+ on Oct. 30.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	TV
			



	
		
					'Wizards Beyond Waverly Place' Renewed at Disney		
			














	
	Lifestyle
			



	
		
					Benny Blanco Made a List of "All the Things I Want" in Future Wife Before Selena Gomez Relationship		
			








Wizards Beyond Waverly Place follows David Henrie‘s Justin Russo, who has chosen to live a normal, mortal life with his wife, Giada (Mimi Gianopulos), and their two kids, Roman (Alkaio Thiele) and Milo (Max Matenko). 

	However, according to the logline, when his sister, Selena Gomez‘s Alex, brings Billie (Janice LeAnn Brown) to his home seeking help, “Justin realizes he must dust off his magical skills to mentor the wizard-in-training while also juggling his everyday responsibilities — and safeguarding the future of the Wizard World.

	While Gomez is not set to be a recurring character on the Wizards of Waverly Place reboot, she will guest star in the first episode. She and Henrie serve as executive producers on the series, alongside Jed Elinoff, Scott Thomas, Gary Marsh and Jonas Agin. 

	The How I Met Your Mother actor previously teased what it was like reuniting with his onscreen sister. “It was awesome. We didn’t want it to end. It was great,” Henrie said of filming with the Only Murders in the Building star again more than 10 years after the original series ended. “She’s so good. She has such a quick wit that’s only gotten stronger.”

	He also noted there are a few scenes in the first episode that will cause fans of the original show to “choke up.” 
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Inside the business of TV with breaking news, expert analysis and showrunner interviews
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.