My favorite time of the year is navigating the best-of lists that I make yearly. I love movies, as they have been my escape for a long time. Today, I take a look at the best performances of 2024. When I made this, I didn't factor in whether it was a lead performance or a supporting performance. It's a list of my personal favorite performances in film. 
Narrowing this list to five performances was the most challenging part because there are some great ones. A few that missed that cut that I want to recognize are Maisy Stella in My Old Ass, Brian Tyree Henry in The Fire Inside, and Cailee Spaeny in Civil War. Each of these performances were great in their own right. 
How does a man who has been acting for over 40 years continue to showcase his ability in a different way? Washington's portrayal of Macrinus in Gladiator II is mesmerizing. It's a performance like we had never seen from him, and he leans heavily into the role, which is beautiful. 
Yes, this is cheating, but I don't care, it is my list. Singling out a performance in this would be hard because each of these powerful actresses gave their heart and soul into their parts. Karla Sofia Gascon knocked my socks off with the duality of her role as Emilia/Manitas. Zoe Saldana sang, danced and acted her way into what should lead to her winning the Best Supporting Actress. Selena Gomez took on a bold and daring performance as Jessi, and her risks paid off. Lastly, Adriana Paz was the heart and soul of the third act and was as beautiful as Epifania. God, I love this movie. 
Horror movies don't get nearly enough credit for how they can deliver incredible performances. Naomi Scott put herself into the conversation with not only one of the best performances of 2024 but one of my favorite Horror-led performances of all time. This isn't a simple role, as there is a sheer amount of depth with Scott playing a pop star while chasing these demons. I love Scott's performance and can't wait to see what is next. 
Nobody can question Depp's acting ability after they watch this movie. Robert Eggers wrote such a beautiful character in Ellen Hutter, and Depp brought the role to life with a convincing and powerful performance. Depp landed number one on my Best Actress ballot for Critics Choice, and I hope enough of the Academy sees this movie because she should be on her way to her first Oscar nomination. 
Chalamet has become one of the best working actors and first blew me away with his performance in Bones and All. Fast forward to 2024, and he had not one but two incredible performances. His portrayal of Bob Dylan in A Complete Unknown will be his Oscar-nominated performance, and rightfully so, but his performance as Paul Atreides in Dune: Part Two is one of the best performances of the last decade. His speech towards the film's end is forever embedded in my head. 
© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.