Whether you’re in the market for a transformative cut or simply want to make some more subtle changes to your look, Vogue spoke to the experts to discover the coolest springtime haircuts to look out for now.
Gwyneth Paltrow in the late ’90s.
“There’s an overarching shift towards straighter hair,” says George Northwood. “But I don’t mean flat-ironed – more of a blow-dried and straight look, which is a bit looser. There’s a bit of texture and movement and it’s not too blunt.” What he calls a “palate cleanser” from seasons past, the style is basically clean, minimal hair that takes its cues from the late ’90s and early Noughties – Gwyneth Paltrow’s hair in that era is a great example.
This content can also be viewed on the site it originates from.
Part pixie, part mullet, the mixie cut is big news right now: Google searches for the style have spiked by 1,000 per cent in the last 30 days. Kristen Stewart is a recent adoptee of the look – she wears it with lots of texture, a messy finish and plenty of attitude, which is exactly how it should be worn.
This content can also be viewed on the site it originates from.
Fringes are big in 2024 – and Charlotte Mensah references ’70s-inspired curtain bangs, which can be parted in the middle: “It suits most face shapes and can also be done on silk press, texture release, weaves or wigs,” she says.
This content can also be viewed on the site it originates from.
If last year was all about ’70s flicks, this year – at least according to the Hair Bros, Sean Paul Nother and Nick Latham – we’re channelling the spirit of the ’60s with wide fringes. “Inspired by more polished looks from the ’60s, it’s all about the strong, statement fringe this year. There’s no better reference for this than Anna Karina, whose fringe reveals more of the eyebrows and opens up around the cheekbones beautifully.” Top tip? Ensure you have some “lip-framing pieces” of hair that can fall out behind the fringe when your hair is up.
Anna Karina in 1972.
Liz Hurley, 1997.
Luke Hersheson predicts that simple silhouettes will be big in 2024 – one example being the midi-bob. It’s a glossy, minimal look that is beautifully grown-up – as well as a great way to transition from a shorter bob. Penélope Cruz and Selena Gomez recently got midis cut in.
This content can also be viewed on the site it originates from.
It’s the bowl cut, but not as you know it. “In the past, especially the ’60s, they were cut super precisely and relied on a great blow-dry to lie properly,” say Nother and Latham. “We’re embracing them again in 2024, and allowing clients’ natural texture to shine through. The shape of the cut makes this a haircut that feels – and looks – beautifully free and tousled.” Unlike its derided old-school counterpart, the modern bowl is softer and can be pushed forward, brushed to the sides or tucked behind the ears.
This content can also be viewed on the site it originates from.
“Braids have remained popular for decades because they give Black women a level of freedom through many styles, from jumbo, micro and pencil-sized to extra-long, knotless, rope twists and cornrows,” says Mensah. “They’re more in than ever – I love adorning them with pearls and beads too.”
Everything You Need To Know About The Met Gala 2025
Join The Vogue Newsletter For The Latest Fashion, Beauty And Street Style Trends Straight To Your Inbox
Read Billie Eilish’s May 2025 Cover Interview In Full
The Key Spring/Summer 2025 Trends To Know Now
Join British Vogue’s Met Gala Community Ahead Of Fashion’s Biggest Night. This link redirects to a third-party website.
More from Vogue
Condé Nast Britain
© 2025 Condé Nast