The actress and Rare Beauty founder dazzled in an off-the-shoulder dress and diamond jewelry.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

The Cannes Film Festival is as known for its extended standing ovations as it is for its glamorous, boundary-pushing red carpet fashion. If any look earned applause before entering the theater for today's slate of premieres, it was Selena Gomez's.
Gomez walked the Cannes red carpet on Saturday, May 18, to celebrate Emilia Pérez in an off-the-shoulder Saint Laurent gown styled by Erin Walsh. The look featured a black column shape with a wrap-like, draped white neckline—almost as if an elegant silk shawl had slipped down her shoulders and magically held itself in place. The look's classic movie star energy was amplified by an intricate diamond choker necklace and drop earrings by Bulgari that quite literally dripped diamonds.
Selena Gomez arrived at the Cannes Film Festival premiere of Emilia Perez wearing a black column gown by Saint Laurent with a white, off-the-shoulder neckline.
Makeup artist Hung Vanngo prepped Gomez for the carpet with a minimal, matte beauty look including a natural lip and lightly lined eyes. (The look came together with Rare Beauty products, of course.) She swept her hair into a glossy, high ponytail with curled curtain bangs framing her face styled by Renato Campora. The star also debuted a fresh, fiery red manicure.
Gomez's Cannes red carpet look, styled by Erin Walsh, was accentuated by an intricate Bulgari diamond choker and drop diamond earrings. 
Before hitting the carpet, Walsh styled Gomez in a colorful halter dress by Balmain. The cheerful outfit included a structured red buster that flowed into a full, floral printed skirt. She also had her hair pulled back into a high, loosely curled ponytail (minus the curtain bangs from her later red carpet walk).
Those weren't the only looks of Gomez's Cannes tour. The day before, she touched down in the South of France wearing a peplum mini dress by Self-Portrait, paired with an Aspinal of London bag and Roger Vivier slingback heels. She then changed into a custom black dress by Oscar de la Renta and swiped on her Rare Beauty lipstick in the shade Inspire.
A post shared by Erin Walsh
A photo posted by erinwalshstyle on 
The night before her Cannes red carpet debut, Gomez wore an off-the-shoulder custom Oscar de la Renta dress—plus her $20 red Rare Beauty lipstick.
Gomez is attending Cannes to promote Emilia Pérez, a film billed as a "musical crime drama" by Variety. Zoe Saldaña also co-stars in the film, while up-and-comer Karla Sofia Gascón takes the leading role. It's Gomez's first live-action movie role in a minute; otherwise, she's been hard at work leading Rare Beauty and tackling TV projects, including a fourth season of Only Murders in the Building and a reboot of Wizards of Waverly Place. 
Throughout her recent projects, Gomez has worked with Erin Walsh on looks that bring a feminine edge to her business and red carpet style. Tapping famed houses from Oscar de la Renta and Versace, as well as emerging labels like Maticevski, the star has lately favored off-the-shoulder necklines, ribbon details, and minimal palette—just like her award-worthy Cannes look.
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.
This post was updated on Sunday, May 19, to include Gomez's current hair and makeup team.
Halie LeSavage is the senior fashion and beauty news editor at Marie Claire, where she assigns, edits, and writes stories for both sections. Halie is an expert on runway trends, celebrity style, emerging fashion and beauty brands, and shopping (naturally). In over seven years as a professional journalist, Halie’s reporting has ranged from fashion week coverage spanning the Copenhagen, New York, Milan, and Paris markets, to profiles on industry insiders like celebrity stylist Molly Dickson, to breaking news stories on noteworthy brand collaborations and beauty product launches. (She can personally confirm that Bella Hadid’s Ôrebella perfume is worth the hype.) She has also written dozens of research-backed shopping guides to finding the best tote bags, ballet flats, and more. Most of all, Halie loves to explore what style trends—like the rise of emotional support accessories or TikTok’s 75 Hard Style Challenge—can say about culture writ large. She also justifies almost any purchase by saying it’s “for work.” 
Halie has previously held writer and editor roles at Glamour, Morning Brew, and Harper’s Bazaar. She has been cited as a fashion and beauty expert in The Cut, CNN Underscored, and Reuters, among other outlets, and appears in newsletters like Selleb and Self Checkout to provide shopping recommendations. In 2022, she earned the Hearst Spotlight Award for excellence and innovation in fashion journalism. She holds a Bachelor’s Degree in English from Harvard College. Outside of work, Halie is passionate about books, baking, and her miniature Bernedoodle, Dolly. For a behind-the-scenes look at her reporting, you can follow Halie on Instagram and TikTok.

Tina Fey co-created an updated version of an '80s rom-com and got Steve Carell, Colman Domingo, and more to join her.


The late Queen broke protocol when her grandson was unhappy about one aspect of his big day.


The late princess took control when it came to this aspect of her sons' lives.


She one hundred percent pulls them off.


'Twilight,' Shania Twain, and beyond...


If this is her off-duty look, I can only imagine what Monday's event will bring.


This timepiece is apparently a billionaire essential.


She's taking the subtle approach to method dressing.


Her style is taking a turn toward the demure.


And she chose one of Rihanna's favorite pairs to do it.


She chose an all-leather look to revive the style.


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.