When a beauty product is backed by some of Hollywood's biggest stars, you know it's going to be good. While these high-end products are usually accompanied by a pretty hefty price tag, one hair mask that has been raved about by Hailey Bieber, Selena Gomez and Khloe Kardashian has had its price massively reduced at beauty store Sephora.
Now costing £54.99 down from £70, the K18 Leave-in Molecular Repair Hair Mask Treatment for Damaged Hair has been cited as a mask that 'clinically reverses damage in four minutes'. This includes damage from the likes of bleach, colour, chemical services and heat. The mask is designed to revive your hair's strength, softness, smoothness and bounce. 
The key ingredient that magically transforms hair is that of the brand's patented K18 peptide which, as described on Sephora, is "just the right size and molecular structure to reach the innermost layers of hair and re-connect broken keratin chains responsible for hair's strength and elasticity".
Read more: This £30 'no makeup mascara' combines a serum and mascara in one for naturally longer thicker lashes
Read more: Ashley Roberts' cream denim River Island co-ord plays into the cowboy core trend perfectly
Claiming to restore your hair's joie de vivre in just two uses by up to 82%, the mask only needs four minutes to work miracles - to be applied once you've shampooed your hair (leaving out the conditioner). Hailey Bieber previously said she uses it 'all over my hair every time I get out of the shower'. It's no wonder the product has received a star rating of 4.4 on Sephora and has racked up almost 4,000 glowing reviews.
One said the mask 'literally saved my hair' and shared: "I decided to go from my natural black hair to an almost platinum blonde within the span 4-5 months (bad idea). My hair was so damaged from bleaching that it was falling out in clumps and I was honestly freaking out. I was researching what I could do to stop it and eventually I came across the K18 hair mask. After doing some research I thought why not see if it works and OMG!! Within the first few uses I noticed that my hair felt less dry and was retaining moisture way better. Now that I’ve used it for 6 consecutive washes, I can say for sure that this product is a 10/10. I’m so happy with how it looks and feels now!"
Another raved: "This product is a game changer. I have bleached hair and this helped to bring it back to life. It is very expensive, but I couldn’t imagine having bleached hair without it."
A third couldn't believe the results on their hair and said: "This is the best of the best you should just get it. I have damaged hair from heat and colouring, my hair never looked nourished as this much… I mean it reduces the frizz, enhance the shine of my hair, and it’s silky smooth !!!! JUST WOW."
Although many beauty buffs cited this mask as a 'holy grail for bleachies [those who bleach their hair blonde]'. others weren't quite as impressed as they noticed 'no difference' despite 'using it correctly'. 
Another forewarned future customers that it may work differently on different hair types and wrote: "I had super high hopes for this product. my thin, fine hair has had some bleach for highlights. However, it feels so dry and dull after using. No definition to my curls and it puffs up. sounds like every hair type might have a different experience."
And while some people stated it was overpriced at £70, it's all the more reason to take full advantage of this 'magic' hair mask while it's on sale for £54.99 at Sephora. If you're not quite sold but are looking for something recommended by stars and hair stylists alike, Christophe Robin's Regenerating Hair Mask with Prickly Pear Oil - beloved by Sofia Richie Grainge - is currently £23 at Lookfantastic. 
Alternatively, Olaplex's Hair Perfector No.3 Repairing Treatment is constantly raved about only for working wonders on damaged locks - luckily, it's on sale on Amazon for £17.63 down from £28 for a 100ml bottle. Get it here. 
For the 50ml K18 Leave-in Molecular Repair Hair Mask, get it from Sephora here for £54.99.