Molly-Mae Hague's new snap hints she is back with Tommy Fury.
The Love Island star was spotted her wearing her engagement ring in a recent Instagram picture, sparking rumours of a reunion with ex-fiancé Tommy Fury. The 25 year old influencer and founder of fashion brand Maebe was seen flaunting the rock in a photo shared on Thursday (26 September), despite the couple's split last month.
Her caption read: "Our founder's camera roll on the week of launch..." and showed Molly-Mae in a chic co-ord set from her upcoming collection, but it was the dazzling ring that caught everyone's attention. She received the ring from Tommy during a romantic proposal in Ibiza in the summer of 2023.
READ MORE: Selena Gomez recalls weird encounter with P Diddy while dating Justin Bieber
READ MORE: Click for more brilliant Daily Star showbiz stories
Their breakup after five years together left fans stunned, and now the reappearance of the ring has them buzzing with speculation about a possible reconciliation. Fans took to the comments to express their theories, with one asking: "The engagement ring is back on....... could the make or break trip to the Maldives be true????"
Another pointed out the ring's presence in the "8th slide [engagement ring emoji] back on". Some followers suggested the photos might be old, with one commenting: "Probably an old picture", reports OK!.
Amidst the speculation, Molly-Mae is gearing up for the launch of her fashion label, Maebe, on 29 September, which is expected to add to her already impressive earnings. Hague has been juggling the demands of work and motherhood with her one year old daughter Bambi, who she shares with Tommy.
She's kept quiet on the reasons behind their recent split despite them looking loved-up just days earlier. But now, Molly's dishing the dirt on her fresh start, claiming she's stepping into a "new era" with a newfound "confidence" thanks to her latest business adventure.
Since giving birth to Bambi in January 2023, she's felt a shift in herself. Opening up to MailOnline, Molly confessed: "When I became a mum, I changed a lot as a person and different things became important to me in terms of fashion, it was the right time to launch Maebe."
I was really ready to sink my teeth into something new. I have a really good feeling about this new era of my life and think it's going to be so special and a great thing for me to focus on and put my time into as well as being a mum to Bambi." She's buzzing about the timing of her brand Maebe's launch, saying it's "perfect" and that the stars have "aligned perfectly".
The Daily Star is now on WhatsApp and we want you to join us!
Through the app, we'll send you the sassiest showbiz stories, some naught headline and a seismic smattering of aliens...along with the latest breaking news of course.
To join our community, all you have to do to join is click on this link, select 'Join Chat' and you're in!
No one will be able to see who has sign up and no one can send messages except for the Daily Star team. We also treat our community members to competitions, special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners.
If you don’t like our community, you can check out any time you like. To leave our community click on the name at the top of your screen and choose Exit group. If you’re curious, you can read our Privacy Notice.
CLICK HERE TO JOIN
Have you joined Threads? Follow Daily Star to keep up to date on all things showbiz here
Want all the biggest Showbiz and TV news straight to your inbox? Sign up for our free Daily Star Showbiz newsletter
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.