The actor stylishly celebrated the debut of her new film, Emilia Perez
Selena Gomez is feeling all the love at the Cannes Film Festival. 
At the premiere of her latest film, Emilia Perez, Gomez walked the red carpet in an off-the-shoulder Saint Laurent gown. The actor and singer looked every bit like a Hollywood starlet in a black velvet column dress, which featured a draped white satin neckline that elegantly wrapped around her shoulders. With the help of stylist Erin Walsh, Gomez amplified her ensemble’s classic movie-star feel with an intricate diamond collar necklace and dangling Bulgari diamond earrings. She also carried a small black clutch. 
The Only Murders in the Building star looked radiant on the red carpet, thanks to a combination of her palpable excitement and glowing glam. She opted for a minimal, matte beauty look, which included a fluttery pair of false lashes and a simple nude lip. Her dark hair was swept into a glossy high ponytail with curtain bangs, and she also debuted a fiery-red manicure, which popped against her black and white ensemble. 
According to Variety and Deadline, the singer and actor broke down in tears later in the day, when Emilia Perez received a standing ovation lasting 11 minutes. The outlets also reported that Gomez’s costars in the film, Zoe Saldaña and Édgar Ramírez, shared a hug in reaction to the crowd standing up and cheering, while director Jacques Audiard waved his hat from the balcony where he sat.
On Sunday, the cast attended a photo call together, where Gomez once again stole the show. She looked incredible in an off-the-shoulder red gown, detailed with multidimensional roses across the bust. The actor complemented the A-line dress with matching red heels and silver hoops encrusted with diamonds, as well as a brown smoky eye shadow and matte nude lip. She wore her hair down in a bouncy blowout with a deep side part. 
In Emilia Perez, Gomez plays the wife of feared drug cartel leader Manitas (played by Spanish actor Karla Sofía Gascón) who seeks out lawyer Rita (Saldaña) to help him secretly complete gender-affirming surgery and transition to female as he approaches retirement. Per Variety, the movie is divided into four acts and features original songs performed by the cast throughout.
Greta Went the “Very French” Route at Cannes
Greta Gerwig’s Best Cannes Film Festival Looks
All the Looks From the 2024 Cannes Film Festival
Demi Moore Looks Like a Gift in This Bow Dress
Bella Hadid Closes Out Cannes in Vintage Versace
Elle Fanning Is a Gucci Goddess at Cannes
Coco Rocha Defines Her Own Style at Cannes
Bella Hadid Wears a Black Sequin Gown at Cannes
Elle Fanning’s Travel Outfit Is a Slouchy Suit
Bella Hadid Wore Two Sundresses Out in Cannes
Bella Hadid Enjoys Antibes Beach in a Pink Bikini
Bella Is As Radiant As the French Riviera Sun
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.