Benny Blanco isn’t holding back when it comes to expressing his love for girlfriend Selena Gomez!
The music producer and cookbook author, aged 36, recently appeared on SiriusXM’s The Howard Stern Show to talk about his cookbook. But the conversation quickly turned to matters of the heart, with Benny diving into the depths of his affection for Selena.
Reflecting on their relationship, Benny shared some adorable anecdotes, including details about their first date. “When we went out on our first date, I didn’t even know it was a date,” he confessed to Howard Stern. “I remember sitting there and she’s like, ‘Well, I would have worn something different for this date,’ and I was like, ‘What? We’re on a date?’”
Clearly smitten, Benny couldn’t help but shower Selena with praise, describing her as “the coolest, the nicest, the sweetest.” He emphasized that she’s not just his partner but also his best friend, and they share endless laughter together every single day. “She’s truly just like my best friend… we laugh all f**king day.”
As the conversation turned to future plans, Howard Stern didn’t shy away from asking about marriage and kids. Benny didn’t mince words, expressing his desire to start a family. “That’s my next goal [to check] on the box,” he said, adding, “I have a lot of god kids, I’ve got a ton of nephews. I love being around kids.”
But what about tying the knot? When prodded about proposing to Selena, Benny’s response was both heartfelt and sincere. “When I look at her, I do say, I’m always just like, ‘I don’t know a world where it could be better than this,’” he admitted, clearly enamored with his girlfriend.
Howard Stern, ever the romantic, predicted that marriage was in their future, a sentiment with which Benny wholeheartedly agreed. “You and me both,” he concurred, echoing the sentiment that their relationship is undoubtedly headed toward the altar.
As Benny Blanco continues to make waves in the music industry and Selena Gomez captivates audiences with her talent and charm, fans can’t help but root for this power couple. And if Benny’s words are anything to go by, a wedding might just be on the horizon for these two lovebirds.
By: Michelle |
May 15, 2024

in ENTERTAINMENT, Featured Post, GOSSIP, MUSIC, TV  
Popstar! Magazine brings you the latest in celebrity, entertainment and lifestyle news from around the world. Now in our 21st year, we continue to set the standard in the ever evolving field of millennial entertainment. We pride ourselves on being your number one source for accurate information about the topics you care about, including entertainment, beauty, fashion, health, wellbeing and news. Popstar! provides high quality videos for you to binge watch and we now offer a completely free digital bonus magazine that goes in depth to provide exclusive celebrity stories that you won’t find anywhere else. Popstar’s radio station provides you with tomorrow’s pop, rock and hip-hop hits, today. Streaming music and talk radio 24/7!
Connect with Popstar! on social media to stay up to date with all of the latest news and share your feedback. We would love to hear from you!