YouTuber MrBeast celebrated New Year’s Day by revealing that he and longtime girlfriend Thea Booysen are engaged after he proposed to her on Christmas Day surrounded by her family.
Beast mode has quite literally been engaged for MrBeast’s love life.
The YouTuber rang in the New Year by announcing on X (formerly Twitter) that he “kinda did a thing” by proposing to fellow social media star Thea Booysen on Christmas Day, later describing the “intimate” way he made the memorable moment happen.
"I was trying to think of the best way to catch her off guard so it would be a surprise," MrBeast (real name Jimmy Donaldson) told People in an interview published Jan. 1. "Thea is really close to her family, so I wanted to make sure that they were included in this momentous occasion."
Thea—who met MrBeast in 2022 when she joined him and their mutual friend for dinner while he visited her hometown of Cape Town, South Africa—detailed the moment that led to her “of course” saying yes.
"My family flew out from South Africa for Christmas,” she told the outlet. “We were opening presents, and then for the very last present he asked me to close my eyes because it was a surprise."
Ever the schemer, MrBeast tried to throw Thea off the scent of his proposal trail before the big reveal.
"I intentionally dropped a large box to make noise before presenting the real gift—with the ring inside—to her,” he continued. “And then I went down on a knee and proposed." 
Though the 26-year-old is known for his large-scale and flashy videos, he was adamant about ensuring the couple’s engagement was special just for them.
"My friends thought I would want to propose in a very public way, like some sort of spectacle at the Super Bowl or somewhere else really big like that,” he said, “but I knew that I wanted it to be the opposite, to be really private and intimate."
Thea also shared that part of what drew her to the content creator, who has the world’s most YouTube subscribers with 340 million, was his ability to be relatable amid his stardom.
"When I met him, I was quite surprised how down-to-earth he was, and also how intelligent he was," she explained. "I thought YouTubers were just sort of a persona, but when I met him, I was quite surprised to see that he's actually a nice guy. He wasn't sitting there with an ego."
MrBeast was similarly gobsmacked by how immediately he connected with his now-fiancée, saying they “vibed instantly.”
"When we were first introduced, it came through right away how brilliant Thea is," he recalled. "I kept thinking she is really smart and beautiful. I knew within the first few minutes of meeting that I wanted the chance to date her. Thankfully, she also felt a strong connection."
As for how the pair plan to celebrate their wedding day? Thea emphasized their focus on keeping it simple and special.
"We're thinking of doing it somewhere on an island where we're far away from just about everybody," she shared. "We're not going to try and have a big, extravagant wedding. It's going to be nice, but it's certainly going to be intimate [with] close family and friends."
Keep reading to see all the stars who got engaged in 2024.
MrBeast & Thea Booysen
The YouTuber (real name Jimmy Donaldson), known for his large-scale and flashy videos, proposed to his girlfriend of two years on Christmas Day 2024 in an intimate moment surrounded by family.
Tallulah Willis & Justin Acee
Bruce Willis and Demi Moore's daughter announced her engagement to the musician on Dec. 23, sharing photos and video from the proposal—which included a pathway of rose petals and candles—as well as a glimpse of her diamond-studded engagement band. 
Vanessa Morgan & James Karnik
Five months after giving birth to her baby girl Kaia, the Riverdale alum was surprised with a 4.64-carat engagement ring.
Brooks Laich & Katrín Tanja Davíðsdóttir
The former hockey player and the CrossFit athlete got engaged on Dec. 16, but didn't announce the happy news until after Christmas.
Selena Gomez & Benny Blanco
There was only love in the building when the "Good for You" singer got engaged to the music producer. The couple announced the news Dec. 10 after one year of dating, with Selena captioning photos of herself wearing a marquise-cut diamond ring, "Forever begins now."
Paris Jackson & Justin Long
Michael Jackson's daughter had a thriller night at New York Café in Budapest when her bandmate popped the question. Sharing a photo of the proposal, she wrote on Instagram Dec. 6, "thank you for letting me be yours. i love you."
Drew Taggart & Marianne Fonseca
The Chainsmokers member confirmed his engagement to the model in December after a year of dating, writing on Instagram alongside a ring emoji, "HELL YEA!!"
Hailee Steinfeld & Josh Allen
The Pitch Perfect 2 actress will make an aca-awesome bride after getting engaged to the Buffalo Bills player on Nov. 22. The two announced the happy news Nov. 29, sharing photos of Josh down one knee in front of an arch of pink flowers.
Eric Murphy & Jasmin Lawrence
Eddie Murphy's son proposed to Martin Lawrence's daughter Nov. 27, more than three years after they went public with their relationship.
"11.27.2024 We’re engaged!!" Jasmin wrote on an Instagram post shared on her and her fiancé's pages, including a video of his proposal. "God truly blessed us with a love that feels like destiny. We couldn’t be more excited for this next chapter. Special thank you to everyone who made this moment so beautiful!!"
Cassie Randolph & Brighton Reinhardt
The Bachelor Nation star is getting her fairytale ending after the musician, who she started dating in 2021, proposed with a 5-carat cushion-cut diamond ring on Nov. 25.
Jon Gosselin & Stephanie Lebo
It's now Jon and Steph plus engagement ring! The former TLC star popped the question to his girlfriend of three years on Nov. 23 at a Pennsylvania restaurant.
Jonathan Majors & Meagan Good
The Marvel alum and the Think Like a Man actress announced their engagement Nov. 17 at the EBONY Power 100 Gala in Los Angeles.
"EBONY Power 100 is the event that we met at in the bathrooms," Meagan told E! News of their first encounter two years ago, "in the unisex bathroom."
Alexia Umansky & Jake Zingerman
Kyle Richards and Mauricio Umansky's daughter announced her engagement to her boyfriend of five years on Nov. 7. 
John Patrick Amedori & Annika Noelle
The Butterfly Effect actor proposed to the soap star in October. "He planned the entire day, full of activites that reflected the journey of our relationship thus far," she told People the following month. "From the experiences, to the food, to the music, it was incredibly thoughful and personal to us."
Nina Dobrev & Shaun White
The Vampire Diaries alum shared her engagement to the former Olympic snowboarder on Oct. 30. She made the announcement on Instagram, joking, "RIP boyfriend, hello fiancé."
Dorothy Wang & Brandon Yankowitz
The Bling Empire star got engaged to the attorney on Oct. 17, almost two years after their first meeting. As Dorothy put it, "It’s been the happiest time of my life ever after."
Amanda Marie Miller & JJ Mizel
The Siesta Key Star announed on Oct. 25 that she and Mizell were engaged. "My forever, always. Soon to be the Mizell's," she wrote in an Instagram post alongside a heart and right emoji.
Dak Prescott & Sarah Jane Ramos
The Dallas Cowboys quarterback announced on social media Oct. 18 that he proposed with the help from their daughter, MJ. The couple's baby wore a onesie that read, "Hi mommy, daddy has a question for you!" when Dak got down on one knee.
Blake Horstmann & Giannina Gibelli
The Bachelorette alum proposed to the Love Is Blind season one star in October, seven months after they welcomed their first child, son Heath Orion Horstmann.
Blac Chyna & Derrick Milano
The reality star got engaged after her singer-songwriter boyfriend popped the question onstage at a Howard University homecoming celebration Oct. 18.
"Angela Renee White, I can go on and on about how much you mean the world to me & never get tired of it," Derrick later wrote in an Instagram post addressed to Chyna, referring to her birth name. "Everyday with you feels everlasting & it is such a blessing to call you my fiancée. I love you so much!"
Chyna replied in the comments, " love you soooo much Derrick. I can’t wait to live this life with you."
Carly Waddell & Todd Allen Trassler
The Bachelor Nation star was surprised with a moi-et-toi engagement ring from James Allen during a family vacation in October. As seen in video shared on social media, her lawyer boyfriend got down on one knee during a beach outing with her kids Bella and Charlie, who she shares with ex Evan Bass.
"Here’s to a new chapter with my dream man," Carly wrote on Instagram, "and then dream ring he put on my left hand."
Junelle Bromfield & Noah Lyles
The Olympians got engaged in October, with Noah popping the question in front of an extravagent nighttime display featuring candles, sparklers, rose and a neon sign reading, “Will you marry me?"
Halsey & Avan Jogia
Who's bad at love? Not the "Graveyard" singer, who confirmed her engagement to the Victorious actor on Sept. 12 after two months of speculation.
In response to a social media post calling Avan their boyfriend, Halsey wrote, "***fiancé."
Rodrigo Reyes & Tyler Dugas
The longtime Southern Charm star proposed to his boyfriend in Santorini, Greece in August after nine years of dating.
Holly Ramsay & Adam Peaty
Gordon Ramsay's daughter is getting married! She announced her engagement to the Olympic swimmer on Sept. 12.
Kristen Doute & Luke Broderick
Raise a glass to the Vanderpump Rules alum, who got engaged to her boyfriend of nearly two years after a sunset proposal on a boat.
"I’m wrapped around your finger like this ring i’m wearing," she wrote on Instagram Sept. 6. "out of the all the fish in the sea, you chose me."
Yolanda Hadid & Joseph Jingoli
Gigi Hadid and Bella Hadid's mom got her diamond. After all, the Real Housewives of Beverly Hills alum's partner of six years was referred to as her "fiancé" in an Architectural Digest profile published on Aug. 29 about their Texas ranch.
Jennifer Meyer & Geoffrey Ogunlesi
The jewelry designer—who was previously married to Spider-Man star Tobey Maguire—shared the exciting news about her and the billionaire lawyer on Instagram Aug. 31, simply captioning a photo of her new ring, "YES!!!" 
Justin Theroux & Nicole Brydon Bloom
The Leftovers alum and the Gilded Age actress hard launched their engagement at the Venice Film Festival on Aug. 28, with Nicole flashing a 4-carat, emerald cut diamond ring at the Beetlejuice Beetlejuice premiere.
Jason Duggar & Maddie Grace
For those counting on a Duggar wedding, you're in luck! The 12th oldest child of 19 Kids and Counting's Jim Bob Duggar and Michelle Duggar got engaged on Aug. 24.
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.