Celeb-owned beauty brands have been taking off in recent years, from Selena Gomez’s  Rare Beauty  launch to Hailey Bieber’s long-anticipated  Rhode Beauty, both of which still have new products going viral to this day. 
 The latest star to launch a beauty range is TV personality Christine McGuinness, who officially launched her new brand, LIFESTYLE, today (January 17). However, unlike her fellow celebs whose beauty products can be a little on the pricey side, Christine’s new brand is all about being affordable for everyone – which is why she’s partnered up with  B&M stores  across the UK to launch her new range with them. 
With prices starting from just £1, her new range is now available in B&M stores nationwide, and is ultra-accessible and perfect for giving yourself a well-deserved treat without breaking the bank
 Christine excitedly shared the news of the launch with her fans over on  Instagram, captioning her post: “I am excited to announce my brand new ‘LIFESTYLE’ range with @bm_stores available in store from 17th January. 
“I have been working on this for the last 12 months, choosing everything from the fragrance, ingredients, and packaging to create the perfect products including supplements, body, skin and hair care to promote beauty from the inside out. All at affordable prices.”
Fans were quick to praise the new launch in the comments, writing: “Amazing, can’t wait for another excuse to go raid  @bm_stores  all sounds/looks amazing - especially the multi vits, I can’t do veg!” Whilst another said: “This is fab! And affordable treats are the way ahead! Especially with the cost of living!”
If you’re hoping to snap up the bargain beauty products from Christine's new range, you can expect to get your hands on a face serum, body moisturiser, wonder oil, lip balms, dry shampoo and hair and nail gummies., with prices ranging between £1 and £5, making them one of the most affordable beauty hauls ever.
The skincare products feature a targeted hydration complex formulated for active individuals, as well as ceramides, antioxidants & vitamins built in to help skin recover from the environmental stressors and fatigue associated with a busy lifestyle. The range is paired with a beautiful fragrance of cucumber and eucalyptus – scents that have mood-enhancing properties, that are known to refresh, invigorate and rejuvenate. The entire range is also dermatologically tested and vegan friendly.
The selection of Hair and Nail Biotin Gummies, which cost just £4.99 each, are also designed to be a quick and easy addition to your morning routine, and help support your beauty routine from the inside out. They’re rich in a spectrum of vitamins such as collagen and biotin and come in the form of powders, tablets and gummies. Each supplement focuses on a different area of health and wellness, from beauty and skin health to gut health and are designed to support the whole body.
The LIFESTYLE range is exclusively available at B&M stores across the UK, so run, don’t walk to your nearest one now.