SPRINGFIELD, Mass. (WGGB/WSHM) - Western Mass News spoke with both local residents and a political analyst to see what this guilty verdict means for the trump campaign going forward.
According to political analyst Anthony Cignoli, under any other circumstance, being the first president to be convicted of a felony would be a campaign killer. However, as he views it, this verdict only seems to strengthen Trump’s campaign.
Springfield resident Sharon Bartels told us, “It’s good that he’s found guilty, he needs to be held accountable.”
While Chicopee Resident Vincent Gomez reflected, “It’s hard to believe that he’s really guilty, I don’t know man, I’m just confused about the whole situation. At one point, I didn’t like Trump, but the way they’re attacking Trump ever since this whole witch hunt, Trump, I support him.
Western Mass residents sounded off after former President Donald Trump was found guilty on 34 felony counts related to his Stormy Daniels New York hush money trial.
Holyoke’s Selena Rodriguez approached the situation thinking about the public and other voters, saying, “I think it will go to show if people are hypocrites or not. Court of law, you’re a felon you shouldn’t vote, or if you’re a felon you shouldn’t be president, so, I think we’ll get to see if people are really about what they say.”
We also asked people what they think the guilty verdict means for Trump’s campaign going forward.
“The more they try to indict him, the more they unite us,” said Gomez.
“I think it will [help] because they don’t think that he’s guilty, so, they’re just going to try and vote him in so that he has support,” Bartels told us.
Beyond these passerby interviews, we reached out to an anonymous organizer of a pro-Trump rally in Agawam, who told us in part, “He is a former President of the United States, he deserves respect. What the American people are seeing is a travesty. It’s disgusting, the justice system has failed and is failing us.”
Political analyst Anthony Cignoli provided an expert opinion, reiterating how Trump is no stranger to controversy.
“From 2016 to now, he has survived and thrived on things that would’ve destroyed other candidates, democrat or republican, astonishingly so.”
Cignoli added that analysts like himself are looking at key points to predict presidential campaigns. For most candidates, polling data is the go-to, but for Trump, analysts look at campaign dollars.
“We usually get about $7 million. Can he raise that in 12 to 24 hours as he has every other time he has been hit like that?”
Cignoli anticipates Massachusetts to stay blue in the upcoming election. However, in 2016, 1 million Massachusetts voters selected trump on their ballots and support is still growing for the republican candidate in the Bay State.
“Trump supporters are being told, ‘It’s great you’re in Massachusetts, and we need you there. But we’re going to need you in Ohio, we’re going to need you in New Hampshire,’ and that’s interesting to me. We haven’t seen this level of activity or organization in the past from Donald Trump,” Cignoli explained.
He added that Trump and his campaign have been preparing for the guilty verdict to come down and are staying on-message to rally more support for the election this coming November.
“The message will never change with Donald Trump. What does change and what does evolve is how he delivers the message, through what venues, and that is something we’re seeing, and I know the Biden people are uptight about it.”
According to Trump’s campaign, the former president raised $34.8 million from small dollar donors in the wake of the jury’s guilty verdict.
Copyright 2024. Western Mass News (WGGB/WSHM). All rights reserved.