Benny Blanco is stepping up his pedicure game once more.
Selena Gomez’s boyfriend took to his Instagram Story on Tuesday to show off a hand-painted Persian rug design pedicure.
“Persian rugs Handpainted @itsbennyblanco,” the artist, who goes by @nailedbytav, captioned the original post.
Soon after the nail artist shared the extremely detailed pedicure, Blanco reposted the same series of photos to his story.
Although the music producer didn’t caption the repost, the photos spoke for themselves. Not only did the artist hand paint the rugs onto his toenails, but they even added fringe to the tips for texture.
Many of Blanco and Gomez’s fans alike then took to the comments of the artist’s post to react to the unconventional pedicure.
“Toe-tally awesome!” one admirer penned with a clapping emoji, while another added, “Stopppp [sic] these are insane.”
A separate fan couldn’t help but express their concern for the “Only Murders in the Building” star in the comments. 
“Actually obsessed but also thinking about how stressed Selena will be feeling if he accidentally rubs his lil fuzzy rug toes on her,” they quipped.
Blanco, 36, posed with his toes on top of a real Persian rug to show the real-life inspiration behind the look.
This is not the first time that the “I Can’t Get Enough” producer rocked a shocking pedicure, as he previously had pickles painted onto his toenails in honor of his girlfriend in February.
Not only was his previous design snack-inspired, but he even featured Gomez’s favorite pickle brand — Best Maid Pickles — for his pedicure.
At the time, many of his followers praised the food-themed design in the comments of the artist’s post.
“selena gomez really loves pickles,” one fan wrote, along with a laughing emoji.
A separate admirer was confused by what to think of the toenail tribute.
“Wait but those are Selena’s favorite pickles I don’t know if it’s cute or not,” they penned.
Blanco’s latest pedicure pic comes less than a week after Gomez was spotted wearing a gold ring on that finger which led to speculation that they’re engaged.
The 32-year-old was photographed running errands in Los Angeles on Aug. 29 when she sported the eye-catching jewelry. 
Despite the ring pics, Gomez and Blanco have not confirmed an engagement at this time.
Advertisement