Selena Gomez and Benny Blanco are getting married.
The singer announced her engagement to the music producer on Dec. 11, 2024, by posting photos of her massive diamond engagement ring on social media.
“forever begins now,” the “Emilia Pérez” star captioned a carousel of photos showing off her diamond sparkler.
The couple — who have been friends for a long time before they started dating — got engaged after a year and a half.
Keep reading to find out how Gomez and Blanco went from friends and collaborators to secretly dating, to publicly professing their love for each other and planning a future together. 
Blanco and Gomez first became acquainted thanks to their similar circles in the music industry. 
The music executive became friends with Gomez’s ex Justin Bieber in 2009 – a year before she and the “Peaches” singer started dating.
Blanco has also worked with a number of other people in Gomez’s life, including her other ex-boyfriend The Weeknd. 
But it wasn’t until 2015 that Blanco and Gomez collaborated together for the first time on their song “Same Old Love.” They reunited for another project in 2021 for their song with J Balvin and Tainy, “I Can’t Get Enough.” 
In October 2020, rumors swirled that Blanco was throwing shade at Gomez two years after her breakup with Bieber. 
At the time, Blanco was giving an interview on the “Zach Sang Show” about his song with Bieber, “Lonely.” 
“Justin’s not one of those cookie-cutter pop artists,” he told Sang at the time. “Like you know, they’re like, ‘This is my new single and here’s my makeup line.’ And he’s like, Justin’s like, ‘Yo. I have a pimple and I have anxiety today.’ He’s always been upfront about that stuff.”
Gomez’s fans were convinced that Blanco was shading her since she had just launched her Rare Beauty makeup line a month prior. 
In July 2023, Gomez seemingly confirmed in a TikTok video that she was single. 
She was seen applying makeup as her new song, “Single Soon,” played in the background.
The song was produced by Blanco — confirming that she and the music expert were on good terms at that point.
Blanco and Gomez signaled that they were more than just friends in July 2023 when he attended her 31st birthday celebration.
Gomez shared several photos from her blowout birthday bash — one of which included a snap of her wrapping her arm around Blanco. 
While they didn’t comment on their relationship, she later revealed they had just started dating at the time the photo was taken.
In December 2023, Gomez confirmed on Instagram that she had been secretly dating Blanco for six months.
Responding to a fan account’s Instagram post that stated, “Selena Gomez Seemingly Confirms That She Is in a Relationship,” she commented, “facts.” 
She also “liked” a photo titled, “Selena Gomez Is Rumored to Be Dating Producer Benny Blanco.”
Gomez then went on to elaborate on their very serious love in a string of comments, writing that Blanco is “absolutely everything” and “the best thing that’s ever happened” to her. 
“He’s still better than anyone I’ve ever been with. Facts,” she wrote in another post, adding, “He has treated me better than any human being on this planet.”
From there, she hard-launched their relationship by posting a photo where she was seen cuddling up to Blanco on her Instagram Story. 
After taking their love public, the couple didn’t hold back from going heavy on their public displays of affection.
In December 2023, the couple canoodled at Taylor Swift’s 34th birthday celebrations. A month later, they were all over each other while sitting courtside at a Los Angeles Lakers game. 
In February 2024, Blanco was seen flirtatiously grabbing Gomez’s chest and kissing her shoulder in an Instagram photo. 
That same month, she gushed over her boyfriend on Valentine’s Day, writing on her Instagram Story, “I love you,” along with a photo of them spending a romantic day together. 
Blanco didn’t hold back from sharing that he was ready to take things to the next step with Gomez.
The producer shared that he thinks about having kids with the “Only Murders in The Building” actress “every day,” during an interview on “The Howard Stern Show” in May 2024. 
“That’s my next goal, to check the box,” Blanco said of having children. “I have a ton of godkids; I’ve got a ton of nephews. I love being around kids.”
In September 2024, Gomez revealed that she can’t carry her own children due to her medical issues, however, she still wants to be a mom and plans on adopting or having kids via surrogate. 
Gomez initially sparked engagement rumors in August 2024 when she posted a mirror selfie with a heart emoji strategically placed over her left ring finger. 
However, she revealed Blanco popped the question a year after going public with their love on Dec. 11 that year.
“forever begins now,” the “Emilia Pérez” star captioned a slideshow of photos showing off her diamond ring.
Blanco commented on the post by writing, “hey wait… that’s my wife.”
He proposed with a marquise diamond set on a diamond pavé white gold band. 
Fans were in a frenzy over the ring choice, which seemed to be a nod to the first song they worked on together,  “Good For You,” in which she sings the lyrics, “I’m on my marquise diamonds / I’m a marquise diamond / Could even make that Tiffany jealous.”
Advertisement