Chilli and T-Boz performed "No Scrubs," "Creep," and "Waterfalls."

							By 

	Armon Sadler

Hip-Hop Reporter

	It is always great to see different musical generations brought together. TLC graced the stage at the 2024 iHeartRadio Music Awards and brought Latto along for the ride.

	The award show took place on Monday (April 1) at the Dolby Theater in Los Angeles. T-Boz and Chilli opened their performance with “No Scrubs,” complete with an all-male backup dance crew, live instrumentation, and accompanying singers. They transitioned into a brief rendition of “Creep,” specifically the iconic “Oh, I, Oh I” refrain before attendees got a pleasant surprise.

	










	When it was time for “Waterfalls,” Chilli showed off her choreography chops while T-Boz sang her verses. Of course, the group and record were incomplete without Lisa “Left Eye” Lopes, who passed away in 2002. TLC welcomed Latto to the stage to perform a shortened version of the legendary bars, yielding a tender moment for both the performers and fans. Even if it wasn’t the full group everyone grew to know and love, fans was still able to stick to the rivers and lakes that they were used to thanks to Latto’s surprise appearance. Watch the performance below. 
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Rob49 Previews "WTHELLY" Remix Featuring Latto, Justin Bieber, And G Herbo		
			







	Hip-Hop, R&B, and Afrobeats were well represented beyond TLC and Latto’s performance. The Atlanta rapper left with some hardware, receiving the Best Music Video award for her “Seven” collaboration with BTS’ Jungkook. Beyoncé also received the Innovator Award. 

SZA cleaned house, taking home the Song Of The Year award for “Kill Bill,” the R&B Album Of The Year award for SOS, the R&B Song Of The Year award for “Snooze,” and she was named R&B Artist Of the Year. Victoria Monet got her flowers, too, as she was named the Best New R&B Artist.

	Rema won Best Collaboration for “Calm Down” featuring Selena Gomez and Burna Boy was named Best African Music Artist. Metro Boomin won Hip-Hop Album Of The Year for Heroes & Villains, Lil Durk and J. Cole won Hip-Hop Song Of The Year for “All My Life,” and Drake won Hip-Hop Artist Of The Year. Ice Spice also boosted her stellar rookie resume by being named Best New Hip-Hop Artist. 
THANKS @iHeartRadio !!!! ?? pic.twitter.com/QgpgIOgQTp

	Latto’s had an active last few years musically. She released her single “Sunday Service” this past February, which many believe was a continuation of her cold war with Ice Spice. In January, she joined Jennifer Lopez on “Can’t Get Enough” and Anycia for “Back Outside.” 

	










	It has officially been two years since her last LP 777, which featured Lil Wayne, 21 Savage, Lil Durk, Childish Gambino, Kodak Black, and Nardo Wick. She took over this past summer with “Put It On Da Floor Again” featuring Cardi B, which peaked at No. 13 on the Billboard Hot 100. Not to mention, Latto was featured on Offset’s latest album Set It Off with a fiery verse on “Fine As Can Be.”

	It seems like an album is on the way considering how she has been rapping and being an active presence in the music space. Given her love for samples, namely her smash hit “Big Energy” which sampled Mariah Carey’s “Fantasy,” plus her recent performance with TLC, one can only imagine how she may reach back to other classics and put her twist on them. 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.