"Only Murders in the Building" returned to Hulu for its fourth season on August 27, the day after Emmy voting ended, but it's the show's third season from last summer that the television academy is judging. Will the murder mystery claim Best Comedy Series? It's an underdog in the race, but it's also one of the most nominated programs of the season.
As of this writing FX's "The Bear" is the strong front-runner to claim the title for the second year in a row. It gets leading odds of 4/1 based on the combined predictions of Gold Derby users. Among those predicting it to win are 16 out of 17 Expert journalists, eight out of 11 Gold Derby Editors, 23 of our Top 24 Users and 23 of our All-Star Top 24. It's the most nominated comedy of the season with 23 bids -- that actually makes it the most nominated comedy ever in a single year. And any of our elite pundits not going for "The Bear" are betting on "Hacks" for the upset, not "Only Murders."
But "Only Murders" comes into these awards with a stellar 21 nominations. That makes it the third most nominated program of the season, behind only "The Bear" and overall nominations leader "Shogun" (25 noms). And it's the most nominations "Only Murders" has ever gotten; it received 17 in 2022 and only 11 in 2023. That huge uptick for the show includes first-time nominations for Best Comedy Actress (Selena Gomez), Best Comedy Supporting Actress (Meryl Streep) and Best Comedy Supporting Actor (Paul Rudd). And the show contends in pivotal fields like casting and editing.
The biggest challenge "Only Murders" faces is that, for the first time, it's not nominated for writing or directing. That's a major deficit because it has been 22 years since a show has won Best Comedy Series without being recognized in at least one of those categories. "Friends" achieved that feat in 2002. But perhaps "Only Murders" had support in those two races and simply split its own vote: the show submitted two episodes to Best Comedy Directing and two to Best Comedy Writing. Either way, expanding its nominations haul as dramatically as it did makes it too big to ignore.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…
Take a trip back to the Academy Awards ceremonies of the recent past with Gold Derby’s Oscars Playback series. Hosts Joyce Eng and Christopher Rosen recap every Oscar ceremony of the 1990s and 2000s. Joyce and Chris tackle the highs and lows of each show and see how the winners aged. It’s a wonderful night for Oscar, whenever you watch!

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media