By VALERIA GARCIA FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  08:18, 9 October 2024   |  Updated:  14:51, 9 October 2024   
 24
View  comments
Sophia Bush and her partner Ashlyn Harris looked loved up at Glamour's Women of the Year 2024 Awards in New York City.
The Chicago P.D. star, 42, looked stunning glittering gold and silver figure hugging dress that flaunted her slender frame.
She teamed her glamourous took with gold earrings and rings while carrying a gold clutch and wearing silver heels.
Her fiery locks were slicked back and cascaded over her shoulders as she clung to her partner of a year.
Harris looked phenomenal in a lowcut black blazer with silver circle accents lining the ensemble. She ditched her bra and shirt for the daring display.
Sophia Bush and her partner Ashlyn Harris looked loved up at Glamour's Women of the Year 2024 Awards in New York City
The Chicago P.D. star, 42, looked stunning glittering gold and silver figure hugging dress that flaunted her slender frame
She teamed her look with black dress shoes and silver rings while flaunting matching earrings. 
The lovebirds appeared to be in good spirits and could not keep their hands off each other on the red carpet.
Other well known names attending the event include the likes of model Jordyn Woods, Playboy alum Pamela Anderson, singer Demi Lovato and actress Brooke Shields.
This year's festivities were hosted by Shields, 59 — who was Glamour's 2023 Woman of the Year — and her daughter, Rowan Francis Henchy, 21.
The 2024 Women of the Year include Olympian Suni Lee, actress Taraji P. Henson, actress Sydney Sweeney and abortion activists Hadley Duvall and Kaitlyn Joshua.
Glamour also celebrated some choice celebrity's mothers like Beyoncé's mum Tina Knowles, Travis and Jason Kelce's mum Donna Kelce, Selena Gomez's mum Mandy Teefey and Billie Eilish's mum Maggie Baird.
Allyson Felix took the win for this year's Face of Change Award, presented by #SmartTox.
Glamour's Global Women of the Year include Pamela Anderson and Serena Williams.
The Batala Drumline kicked off the event with a radiant performance, followed by Tony-nominated group Freestyle+.
Kelsea Ballerini took the stage, vocalizing an unreleased song and covering Bill Withers’ 1972 hit, Lean on Me.
She teamed her glamourous took with gold earrings and rings while carrying a gold clutch and wearing silver heels
Her fiery locks were slicked back and cascaded over her shoulders as she clung to her partner of a year
Harris looked phenomenal in a lowcut black blazer with silver circle accents lining the ensemble, teasing her cleavage
She teamed her look with black dress shoes and silver rings while flaunting matching earrings
Sophia and Ashlyn — who is a former USWNT player — were first linked in October of last year and have been inseparable since
In July, Sophia admitted to People that Ashlyn once told her she never made a move on her romantically because she believed the actress was straight
Sophia and Ashlyn — who is a former USWNT player — were first linked in October of last year  and have been inseparable since.
In July, Sophia admitted to People that Ashlyn once told her she never made a move on her romantically because she believed the actress was straight.
She recalled: '[Ashlyn] even said to me, "Hold the phone. I always thought you were straight?!" And I was like, "I always thought you were happy. But, like, we're both single. What are we doing?"'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group