Taylor Swift's pal Brittany Mahomes was called out by a hotel worker for allegedly not tipping any staff member at a luxury hotel she stayed at for a week in California.
A former employee of 1 Hotel West Hollywood, Jessica O'Connor, took to TikTok to share her alleged experience with the wife of Kansas City Chiefs player Patrick Mahomes.
In her video, which has garnered over 1 million views, she said she believes Mahomes was in town to look for a wedding dress at the time.
O'Connor, who worked as a server, barista and bartender at the hotel, claimed that during her first encounter with Mahomes, the former soccer star, who was accompanied by her "whole posse," ran up a tab exceeding $100 at the hotel but left no tip.
While the former hotel server seemingly gave her a pass for this and suggested that perhaps she just didn't like her, O'Connor alleged that Mahomes also didn't tip other staff members and was "genuinely unpleasant" throughout her entire stay at the hotel.
"They were there for almost a week, I think and did not tip a single one of our staff," she claimed. "Not only did she not tip, she was just genuinely unpleasant."
The TikTok user acknowledged that celebrities don't owe fans anything, but she noted that Mahomes' alleged behavior said a lot about her character.
Reflecting on her encounter with Mahomes, O'Connor hinted at a less-than-favorable judgment of her character.
"I only judge people based off of their character, and I think one of the easiest ways to judge someone's character is how they treat someone in a position lesser than them," the TikToker said. "Let's just say, character assessed."
Mahomes has not publicly addressed the claims. However, TikTok and X users criticized the former athlete over her alleged actions.
Server: "Hey, that's Brittany Mahomes! I bet she'll leave a great tip!"Brittany: pic.twitter.com/iKwPKAE45l
"It's very true that they don't owe us anything, but it doesn't matter who you are. You should be kind to everyone," one TikTok user commented.Some users came to Mahomes' defense, with one writing: "People do not owe you a tip. I don't understand what people don't get about that. It's for going above and beyond. Not just working."In recent months, Mahomes has been making headlines due to her friendship with Swift, who is dating her husband's Chiefs teammate, Travis Kelce.
The two women have been spotted watching several Chiefs games together, including one where they showed off their celebratory handshake.Swift eventually introduced Mahomes to her famous friends, with the pair being spotted enjoying a girls' night out with Sophie Turner, Selena Gomez and Gigi Hadid in New York City in November.
pic.twitter.com/xlxwTAC7h8
Mahomes was also seen sitting with Swift as they watched the Chiefs' match against the New England Patriots in Foxborough, Massachusetts, on Dec. 17.During the game, Mahomes shared a picture of a cookie that featured the words "Dads, Brads and Chads" on her Instagram Story.The words were a reference to a comment made by the "Anti-Hero" hitmaker in her Time Person of the Year cover story, where Swift said she attends Chiefs games solely "to support Travis" and does not care about "pissing off a few dads, Brads and Chads."