Taylor Swift released The Tortured Poets Department double album. Travis Kelce just got handed a massive new extension — the biggest couple in show business is again making waves... but what are the odds they make an even bigger announcement?
In terms of relative generosity, perhaps Taylor Swift gifting four tickets to the Eras Tour during its return to the United States isn’t that significant, but in terms of how much money she helped raise this weekend for Travis Kelce’s best teammate, $80,000 to Patrick Mahomes’s foundation cannot be diminished.
It was just the latest public appearance from Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce as their relationship has found some added freedom and flexibility during the NFL offseason, though Taylor’s press demands are sure to rise following the release of her double album “The Tortured Poets Society.”
That may be the greatest professional stressor for the couple now that Travis Kelce has signed a two-year, $34.25 million extension with the Kansas City Chiefs. According to reports, $17 million of that is fully guaranteed and the bulk of the rest will be quickly guaranteed during the 2025 NFL year.
The Chiefs have won the last two Super Bowls and three of the last five, so if they were to add a couple more rings during this extension, Kelce may not have space on his left hand for a different type of ring... with some betting markets believing that moment is coming — and coming quickly.
Yes, folks, we officially have Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce marriage odds — and it seems there is a particular window to expect Kelce to propose to T-Swift.
NFL fans know Travis Kelce’s in-season schedule is too busy to expect any elaborate proposal between September and the end of December. So if it is plus-money that he proposes to Taylor Swift in the next two months — but very likely they're engaged before New Year’s Day — then perhaps set some news alerts for July and August.
If (and when) the two set tabloids afire with an engagement ring — 0-3 stones at -200 is the betting favorite, with 4-6 at +280 and 7+ at +210 — the next biggest question will be where Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce tie the knot.
Holding a wedding abroad would obviously be expensive, but that is never a concern for either half of this couple. It would give them a chance at some privacy; not a good chance, but a chance.
If they do choose to opt for U.S. soil, surprisingly neither of the stars' home states — Pennsylvania and Ohio — are among the favored destinations: That belongs to Tennessee, where Swift first started his musical career (and owns two houses), while here other property locations (Beverly Hills, New York, and Rhode Island) also populate this list.
Meanwhile, Florida — where Kelce owns a property — is also on the list, as is Kansas City, where Kelce has a few locations, and, well, you know.
The favorite here is one of Swift's besties since high school, as Anderson Lucier sits at a little longer than 2/1. Also in contention are fellow big-name artists Selena Gomez, Camilla Cabello, and Lorde, while Blake Lively — who was next to Swift during the Super Bowl — is among a handful sitting shorter than 4/1.
Just about the only thing that seems assured at that wedding will be Jason Kelce serving as Travis’s best man, a line set at -1200, a line that seems low considering how close brothers are (and the insights we all have into their lives via their New Heights Podcast). If wanting to hunt for value there, perhaps this week’s charitable deeds shed light on Patrick Mahomes at +1,500?
There are a few other Swift/Kelce props available too, including how much the ring would cost (Over $250K USD is -170), if Taylor would sing a duet at her own wedding (Yes is +300), where the duo would honeymoon (Florida and Europe the current co-faves at +230)... and even if a baby would be on the way before January 2025 — and what the name would be!
("Travis" and "Marjorie" are the favorites, FYI).
Douglas Farmer spends his days thinking about college football and his nights thinking about the NBA. His betting habits and coverage follow that same pattern. He covered Notre Dame football for various outlets from 2008 to 2024, most notably spending eight seasons as NBC Sports’ beat writer on the Irish. That was also when his gambling focus took off. Knowing there were veteran beat writers with three decades more experience than he had, Douglas found his niche by best recognizing Notre Dame’s standing in each year’s national landscape, a complex tapestry most easily understood and remembered via betting odds.
In 2021, that interest created a freelance opportunity with Covers, a role that eventually led to Douglas joining the company full-time in 2023. In the fall, Douglas will place five or six dozen bets each week, a disproportionate amount via BetRivers because the operator tends to have lines slightly different than the rest of the market. The same can be said of Circa Sports’ futures markets.
While Douglas is an avid NBA fan and covers the league throughout the year, the vast majority of his bets are on college football, because that is the biggest key to sports betting: Know what you do not know.

                    If you choose to make use of any information on this website including online sports betting services from any websites that may be featured on
                                this website, we strongly recommend that you carefully check your local laws before doing so.It is your sole responsibility to understand your local laws and observe them strictly.Covers does not provide
                                any advice or guidance as to the legality of online sports betting or other online gambling activities within your jurisdiction and you are responsible for complying with laws that are applicable to you in
                                your relevant locality.Covers disclaims all liability associated with your use of this website and use of any information contained on it.As a condition of using this website, you agree to hold the owner
                                of this website harmless from any claims arising from your use of any services on any third party website that may be featured by Covers.