Let Retail Dive's free newsletter keep you informed, straight from your inbox.
                    
                
            
The beauty retailer, which debuted three stores in the country this fall, said the locations reflect its passion for experiential retail.
Sephora continues to pursue global expansion with its latest move. In September, Sephora also reopened its flagship in Singapore and redesigned a Melbourne, Australia, location.
"We are excited to offer our customers an immersive beauty experience where they can explore our extensive product range and engage with the latest beauty tech and digital elements,”  Sephora Australia and New Zealand General Manager Mark O'Keefe said in a statement. “Our Sephora stores represent the perfect blend of innovation and experience, allowing our customers to immerse themselves in the world's best beauty brand.”
Domestically, Sephora’s footprint continues to grow as well. Shopping center operator Tanger in June announced it plans to add five new Sephora stores to its outlet portfolio in 2024. The stores will be located in Charleston, South Carolina; Deer Park, New York; National Harbor, Maryland; Palm Beach, Florida; and in the Phoenix area. 
Sephora has more than 3,000 stores and offers nearly 500 brands. 
The retailer has also invested in efforts to bring new brands to its assortment. In September, the retailer opened applications for its 2025 incubator program. BIPOC beauty brand founders can apply to be a part of the six-month curriculum, which includes mentorship, financial support and the chance to launch at Sephora.
Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts
The accounting practice, embraced by department stores in the 1920s, is outdated, skews key metrics and fosters bad decisions, analysts say.
As a channel, it remains key to growth for many retailers. But the era of the DTC brand as we know it is over.
Subscribe to Retail Dive for top news, trends & analysis
Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts
The accounting practice, embraced by department stores in the 1920s, is outdated, skews key metrics and fosters bad decisions, analysts say.
As a channel, it remains key to growth for many retailers. But the era of the DTC brand as we know it is over.
The free newsletter covering the top industry headlines