Celebrities are reminding their followers of the importance of voting. Over the past weeks, celebrities of all ages have shared political statements, including their endorsements, their plans to vote in the coming elections, and photos with their "I Voted" stickers. While some waited to vote on Election day, others got a headstart, voting via absentee ballot or heading to their polling place early. 
Have a look at some of the celebrities who have voted in the 2024 Presidential Elections: 
Gigi Hadid shared a selfie with her "I Voted" sticker.
Kaia Gerber encouraged her followers to vote by sharing a message for women, including a photo of herself filling in her ballot. 
Katy Perry shared an old video of herself and Kamala Harris, back when she was a senator. She also shared images of her cat, with an 'I voted' sticker, and her voting ballot. 
Jennifer Aniston shared a selfie proudly boasting her "I voted" sticker. "Please remember that whoever you are and wherever you live, your voice matters. Your VOTE matters," she wrote in the post's caption, reminding her followers of the importance of using their voices and the privilege of living in a democracy. 
Selena Gomez shared a TikTok of her voting experience, which she snuck in before attending the premiere of her awaited show, "The Wizards Beyond Waverly Place."
Jessica Alba shared a selfie, revealing that she voted early. To commemorate the occasion, she wore a golden necklace that read "Vote." 
Billie Eilish and Finneas encouraged their followers with an Instagram story, showing them voting early at their polling place. "Happy vote early day!" reads the story, which shows the musicians alongside two election workers.
Michelle Pfeiffer shared an Instagram story with her "I voted" sticker proudly glued to her nose. "Did my civic duty!" she captioned the post. "Did you know that most Americans can vote right now?" 
Kevin Bacon, the master of a good dance video, shared a clip of himself submitting his ballot. He was dancing, of course. "Officially cast my vote," he wrote. "The election doesn’t start on Nov 5th; that’s when it ends. Vote early!"
© ¡HOLA! Reproduction of this article and its photographs in whole or in part is prohibited, even when citing their source.