ByTim Lammers
ByTim Lammers,
 Contributor. 
Selena Gomez in "Emilia Pérez."
Emilia Pérez—an acclaimed crime comedy musical starring Selena Gomez, Zoe Saldana and Karla Sofía Gascón—debuts on Netflix this week.
A Netflix original movie directed by Jacques Audiard, Emilia Pérez debuted at the Cannes International Film Festival in May and won the Best Actress award, which was shared by Gomez, Saldana, Gascón and Adriana Paz.
The official summary for the film reads, “From renegade auteur Jacques Audiard comes Emilia Pérez, an audacious fever dream that defies genres and expectations. Through liberating song and dance and bold visuals, this odyssey follows the journey of four remarkable women in Mexico, each pursuing their own happiness.
“The fearsome cartel leader Emilia (Karla Sofía Gascón) enlists Rita (Zoe Saldaña), an unappreciated lawyer stuck in a dead-end job, to help fake her death so that Emilia can finally live authentically as her true self. Written and directed by Audiard (Rust and Bone, A Prophet), the double Cannes-winning film also stars Selena Gomez, Adriana Paz, and Edgar Ramírez.”
According to Netflix, Emilia Pérez will debut on the streaming service on Wednesday. You must be a Netflix subscriber to watch Emilia Pérez on the streaming service.
Rotten Tomatoes critics largely embraced Emilia Pérez and collectively gave the film an 82% “fresh” rating based on 147 reviews. The film also has an RT Audience Score of 78% based on 100-plus verified user ratings.
The RT Critics Consensus for Emilia Pérez reads, “Karla Sofía Gascón is Emilia Perez in a swaggering musical crime thriller of genre-bending fascination that is also an unapologetically trans story.”
Peter Travers was among the RT critics who gave Emilia Pérez a “fresh” review. In his review for ABC News, Travers writes, “You've never seen anything like Jacques Audiard’s Spanish musical about violent passions starring Zoë Saldaña, Selena Gomez and trans actress Karla Sofia Gascón in career-defining performances that take a piece out of you. This you don't want to miss.”
The New Yorker’s Richard Brody is among the RT critics who gave the film a “rotten” review, writing, “For the most part, it seems as if [Jacques] Audiard can’t be bothered... Emilia Pérez presents twists and turns that exhaust themselves in the strain to stoke excitement; the movie is a wild ride to nowhere.”
Emilia Pérez is already a big hit on the awards circuit as Hollywood enters its 2024 awards season.
Per IMDb, in addition to the Best Actress honor for Selena Gomez, Zoe Saldana and Karla Sofía Gascón at the Cannes International Film Festival, Jacques Audiard took home Cannes’ Jury Prize.
Emilia Pérez debuts on Netflix on Wednesday.