She gave a subtle nod to boyfriend Benny Blanco with this accessory
Every product on this page was chosen by a Harper's BAZAAR editor. We may earn commission on some of the items you choose to buy.
Selena Gomez is just a girl. The actor, singer, and beauty mogul had a busy morning in New York City today celebrating the second year of Sephora and her brand Rare Beauty’s “Make a Rare Impact” campaign. For the occasion, she chose a look that could easily be taken from the office to the party—after all, her event was a little bit of both.
Gomez wore a black halterneck top with a plunging, rectangular neckline. She tucked the piece into high-waisted tailored trousers in a fresh cream hue, with wide legs. The pants were cinched at the waist with a black leather belt from Khaite embellished with large golden studs. The accessory is actually called “the Benny”—like Gomez’s boyfriend, Benny Blanco—which cannot possibly be a coincidence.
The “Lose You to Love Me” singer finished her timeless look with glossy black pointed-toe boots, gold hoop earrings, a gold bangle, chunky gold rings, and a stack of beaded friendship bracelets in a nod to best friend Taylor Swift. One of them featured the name of her makeup brand in white letter beads.
For glam, Gomez went full bombshell with silky, voluminous curls, wispy long lashes, rosy blush, and a glossy pink lip. She also wore a long baby pink manicure.
Gomez’s beauty event was hosted in honor of World Mental Health Day, which falls on October 10. Apart from managing her makeup brand, Gomez is also a longtime advocate of mental wellness, and along with her mom, Mandy Teefey, runs the mental fitness platform Wondermind.
George Clooney Played Softball In Central Park
Hunter Schafer Gives the Tracksuit a Playful Twist
Blake Lively Wears a “Wedding Gown” On Late Night 
Bella Hadid Glows in a Bubblegum-Pink Set
J.Lo’s Dress Shimmers Like a Starry Night Sky
Hailey Bieber’s Party Dress Is Made of Watches
Princess Charlotte's Birthday Portrait, by Kate
Kendall Jenner’s Halter Plunges to New Depths
Florence Pugh Steps Out in Five Different Looks
Kate and William Show Rare PDA in New Photos
Dua Lipa Looks Cool In Leather Pants
Lucas Bravo & Shailene Woodley Are Official
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.