Academy Award winners, animated flicks, and more.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

While you can rent your favorite movies on Apple TV, the streaming service has so much to offer those with an Apple TV+ subscription. From amazing documentaries that talk about hit pop singers to award-winning movies such as CODA and Killers of the Flower Moon, there are plenty of options to suit your tastes.
While the best Apple TV+ shows are just as fun to watch, the movies are great too, which is what makes it one of the best streaming services out there. Let’s get into it.
First up on this list, we have the 2022 Academy Award Best Picture winner, CODA. This movie tells the inspiring story of a young woman who is the only hearing person within her deaf family, and discovers that she has a passion for singing. However, she must choose between pursuing this passion and staying at home to help her family with their fishing business.
CODA is phenomenal. From the outstanding CODA cast (one of which, Troy Kotsur, won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor) to its inspiring story, this movie is one that you won't forget. It's a simple coming of age tale that somehow speaks so many volumes and encourages you to chase your dreams, no matter what obstacles might be in your way. It's no wonder it won the Academy Award for Best Picture.
Stream CODA on Apple TV+. 
Killers Of The Flower Moon deserves to be on here, no matter what. The film, which was made by Apple TV but was put in theaters first, stars Leonardo DiCaprio and is about how several murders took place in the Osage Nation of Native Americans when oil was discovered on their land.
This movie is deep. It’s dark, it’s gritty, and it will hammer you down into your seat for hours on end – and trust me, you will be there for hours because the film is 3+ hours long. Either way, the cast all deliver exceptional performances, with Lily Gladstone being the standout.
Your Daily Blend of Entertainment News
Stream Killers of the Flower Moon on Apple TV+.
Directed by Greg Berlanti, Fly Me to the Moon stars Scarlett Johansson and Channing Tatum and is a historical rom-com/drama that tells the story of how a marketing specialist and a NASA launch director work together to create a fake moon landing story in case an actual launch – the Apollo 11 mission – fails.
I’ll always say that Fly Me to the Moon was grossly underappreciated when it came out in theaters, mainly because I feel it did not have the proper amount of marketing to promote it to the world. I mean, of course Johannson and Tatum have fantastic chemistry, but it’s really the original story that makes this film that much more fun to watch, because it’s not what you expect. You’ll really have no idea what you’re getting into with this one – and that’s a good thing
Stream Fly Me to the Moon on Apple TV+. 
Have you ever been curious about the lives of one of the most famous musical groups of all time? That’s exactly what Beastie Boys Story is all about. Band members Mike Diamond and Adam Horovitz came together to share the story of their band and the forty-year friendship that came along with it through every up and down they could have imagined.
For people like us who never really get to understand what’s on the inside of the music industry, it’s certainly one of my absolute favorite pieces of work that I have watched regarding it. For a band that has been around as long as the Beastie Boys, hearing about everything they have been through is inspiring, and will make anyone want to get up and achieve their dreams with their buddies by their side.
Stream Beastie Boys Story on Apple TV+. 
Starring Saoirse Ronan and Elliott Heffernan, and directed by Steve McQueen, Blitz is a war drama that will have you on the edge of your seat. This film follows the harrowing but brave tale of a young boy and his travels when his mother sends him out to the English countryside in the middle of World War II to keep him safe amongst the violence.
This film really hits a lot of the right notes. It’s a great war film, don’t get me wrong, but it’s the meaning behind the story of the little boy, George, and his family that makes you want to support him and his journey. It’s a story of love, of fortitude, and so much more, and it’s a movie that I would recommend anyone watch if you need a good drama.
Stream Blitz on Apple TV+. 
If you’ve heard of Boys State, then you have to check out Girls State, a companion film. The movie is a documentary that follows a week-long immersive experience that puts a bunch of girls to the test as they learn how to build a government on their own – a democratic experiment that can either end brilliantly, or terribly.
Boys State is a great film, but I think Girls State is even better. While it still delivers a lot of the same themes as the original movie that it’s based on, I think that the girls just work better this time around and make for a much more interesting social commentary on politics and gender. And, if you want to check out Boys State, it’s also available to stream on Apple TV+.
Stream Girls State on Apple TV+. Stream Boys State on Apple TV+.
I mean, you can’t really get better than George Clooney and Brad Pitt. Wolfs is directed by Jon Watts and is an action comedy that tells the story of two fixers (people who are literally assigned to “fix things” for people and get them out of tough situations), who are forced to work together on a job even though they tend to do things on their own – like a lone wolf.
Look, again – it’s George Clooney and Brad Pitt. These two have chemistry off the charts and any movie they are in will usually be gold, and Wolfs is that and more. The action is fun and the story is enjoyable, and it’s also the most-viewed film on Apple TV+, so you know it’s loved by most.
Stream Wolfs on Apple TV+. 
If you’re looking for a brilliant drama, then you need to check out the quiet but powerful Causeway. This film, starring Jennifer Lawrence in the lead role, tells the story of a young woman who experiences a brain injury while she is overseas in Afghanistan during a tour for the U.S. Army. But, as she waits at home to go back out into the field, she struggles to adapt to normal everyday life after the trauma she went through.
Watching Causeway is an experience that I think everyone needs to have. The main character tries to learn to adapt to new settings and circumstances that she isn’t used to after going through such a harrowing experience like war. It’s about perseverance and bravery and so much more, and I personally think it’s a movie everyone should watch. Also, Jennifer Lawrence’s performance in it is great, as well as that of Brian Tyree Henry (who earned an Academy Award nomination for his role).
Stream Causeway on Apple TV+. 
While Apple TV+ has some great original films, as you can see, there are plenty of great documentaries as well, and one of my personal favorites is Bread and Roses. The movie follows the lives of women who live in Afghanistan, and how their lives are affected by the Taliban.
I know that sometimes, we like to not pay attention to things that are going on outside of our direct lives – and I do think that it’s alright to do that occasionally. But movies like Bread and Roses are the types of films that make you aware of what is happening in the rest of the world, and not only teaches you a lot, but makes you want to help others. The movie is powerful in so many ways, and I can not recommend it enough.
Stream Bread and Roses on Apple TV+. 
2019 was a big year in music, namely for one young star named Billie Eilish. And in Billie Eilish: The World’s a Little Blurry, we got a first-hand look into her life as she was just starting to rise to fame, and how her life differs from being at home to on stage and writing her debut album “WHEN WE ALL FALL ASLEEP, WHERE DO WE GO?”
If you don’t know the story of this amazing singer and want to learn, this is your best bet. Not only is it captivating and motivating to listen to Eilish’s story and hear what she has gone through, but the documentary again gives a look into the music industry from a different point of view. It’s been several years since this documentary came out, but even getting this slight glimpse into her life at the beginning is interesting enough to keep you watching, and now, you can look back on it from a five-year later perspective.
Stream Billie Eilish: The World’s A Little Blurry on Apple TV+. 
William Shakespeare’s play, Macbeth, telling the tale of a young man who is told by three witches that he will be the next King of Scotland, but this blind belief it what ultimately leads to his downfall.
I mean, you can’t get more classic than Macbeth, and this movie tells the story wonderfully. Denzel Washington is killer in his role as Macbeth, and deserves all the awards, but honestly the whole entire Tragedy of Macbeth cast is talented and really gave this movie their all, creating another awesome addition to Apple TV+’s repertoire.
Stream The Tragedy of Macbeth on Apple TV+.
If you want a film that covers one of the most known singers and performers of all time, Bruce Springsteen, then this is the movie for you. In Bruce Springsteen’s Letter to You, Springsteen opens up about everything in his life to his fans as a tribute to the E Street Band, rock ‘n’ roll in general, and how music has shaped his life.
What’s even cooler about this awesome documentary is that we get to see Bruce Springsteen record with his full band live in the studio for the first time since Born in the U.S.A., one of his most famous songs. As someone who grew up listening to all different kinds of genres, it warms my heart to see Springsteen so affected by music and understanding where it has taken him in life.
Stream Bruce Springsteen’s Letter to You on Apple TV+. 
I told you Apple TV+ has some great documentaries, and Still is certainly one of them. Still: A Michael J. Fox Movie Is a documentary that follows the life of actor Michael J. Fox, and how he has struggled with Parkinson’s disease throughout much of his life.
As someone who has seen plenty of Fox’s movies as I’ve grown up, I think the documentary gives a more intimate look into the life of the famous actor, and really helps the audience connect more with what he has gone through for so many years. If anything, it’ll make you appreciate him all the more for the memories his movies have made for so many.
Stream Still: A Michael J. Fox Movie on Apple TV+. 
Okay, I’m going to be honest, animation is one of my favorite genres, and I hope that if it is for you, then you will surely check out Wolfwalkers. In this Academy-Award nominated film, we follow the story of Robyn Goodfellowe, a young hunter who goes to Ireland with her father in an attempt to wipe out the last wolf pack during a time where magic and superstition run wild.
I hope I can scream this to the heavens because oh my God, this is one of the most beautifully animated films I have ever had the privilege to witness. It’s such different animation from the typical CGI-madness that we get on a daily basis and I believe that it’s something everyone should see, even if animated films have never been your thing. It’s euphoric to see a film like Wolfwalkers streaming that is so vividly pleasing as this one.
Stream Wolfwalkers on Apple TV+. 
Starring Academy Award-winner Mahershala Ali, Swan Song is beautiful in all the right ways. Swan Song starts off with a common issue that many people face - a family member who is diagnosed with a terminal illness. However, in this world, he is given the ultimate opportunity for his family to thrive after he’s gone – the ability to replace himself with a clone.
I bet that premise already has you hooked in some way, and it should. This movie isn’t the flashiest piece of sci-fi, but it’s certainly one that has so much heart and will probably make you cry in some way. Mahershala Ali, however, is who truly shines. Playing dual roles is hard, but literally trying to play yourself in two different ways seems like it would be even harder, and he does a fantastic job. The movie is worth watching just for his excellent performance.
Stream Swan Song on Apple TV+. 
When I first found out that Selena Gomez, an actress and singer, was releasing a documentary on Apple TV+ about some of her tougher years, I was intrigued at first, but only when I watched Selena Gomez: My Mind And Me did I realize just how much fans didn’t know what was going on with her behind the scenes. The film gives us a personal look into her life, and how she dealt with her personal and professional issues.
As a fan of hers from the past — and even for fans of hers from Only Murders in the Building – I felt many feelings while watching this documentary. It was a great insight into the mindset of a former Disney kid, and showed just how much she truly tried to break out as her own individual person and not be associated with someone else. If you’re a fan of the actress, I’d truly suggest watching this movie – it’ll change your perspective on her, in a good way.
Stream Selena Gomez: My Mind and Me on Apple TV+. 
I’ll preface this by saying that I grew up Catholic, and because of that, I was never exposed to how other religions were practiced for a long time. That’s why a movie like Hala was so necessary for me to be properly informed. In Hala, we look into the life of Hala Masood, played by Geraldine Viswanathan, and her becoming a teenager with her own values and life that are in conflict with the views of her Muslim family.
Again, I never got to experience anything as a younger child because it wasn’t what I grew up around, so having a chance to really get to explore what it’s like in other religions opened my eyes to things I never thought I’d see. Conversations I never thought I’d hear. For Hala, it’s the classic self-discovery story of a young teenage girl, mixed in with some serious themes that anyone from today could understand, and how family and your own life sometimes don’t always mix so well. It’s truly a movie of the times, and a great one at that.
Stream Hala on Apple TV+. 
With all these options to choose from, you’ll surely be entertained for some time now. I can’t wait to see what new 2025 movies are going to be added to this list. Time for more movie marathons.
A self-proclaimed nerd and lover of Game of Thrones/A Song of Ice and Fire, Alexandra Ramos is a Content Producer at CinemaBlend. She first started off working in December 2020 as a Freelance Writer after graduating from the Pennsylvania State University with a degree in Journalism and a minor in English. She primarily works in features for movies, TV, and sometimes video games. (Please don't debate her on The Last of Us 2, it was amazing!) She is also the main person who runs both our daily newsletter, The CinemaBlend Daily, and our ReelBlend newsletter. 
Hear Me Out: Why One Moment From Conan O'Brien's Show Has Me Thinking He And Taika Waititi Really Need To Do A Movie Together
I Dug Havoc, But Tom Hardy's Character In The Netflix Action Film Feels Weirdly Familiar
David Harbour Meeting Red Guardian At Disneyland Is The Best Thing You'll See All Day 

Cinemablend is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.