By 

	Jazz Tangcay

Artisans Editor

	After three seasons, it should be easier to cast the kids of ABC’s “Abbott Elementary,” but Emmy-nominated casting director Wendy O’Brien says that the show’s popularity has made it tougher. 

	“It’s a struggle to find and vet young actors that don’t have a lot of experience. Especially when you’re talking about a kindergarten class,” admits O’Brien, who took home the gold two years ago for the same show.





	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					What an AI War on Copyright Law Could Mean for Content Creators		
			














	
		
					Global Distributors of Chinese Cinema to Be Recognized at Beijing International Film Festival		
			








	While a 5-or 6-year-old might not have much acting experience under their belt, O’Brien says the upside to the series and its success is that she has seen an uptick in the number of kids being submitted for her consideration.

	










			Popular on Variety		






	“A lot of them are auditioning in nice blue collared shirts, already in character. We’re definitely seeing more newcomers trying out,” she says.

	Before O’Brien even sends casting suggestions to the producers, she goes through a culling process where she seeks kindergarteners with natural ability over a shiny, telegenic face.

	In addition to finding the new class of Abbott this season, famous faces appearing in cameos have included Bradley Cooper, Keegan-Michael Key, Tatyana Ali and a few Philadelphia Eagles.

	Eagles quarterback Jalen Hurts was pitched to O’Brien over two years ago after he expressed how much he wanted to be on the show. Things worked out when he appeared with his fellow Eagles this season.

	“It was communicated to Quinta [Brunson], and I don’t know how in the writer’s room that they came up with that specific storyline, but I think they handled it perfectly and having it through Zoom,” O’Brien says, referring to Hurts and teammates Jason Kelce and Brandon Graham appearing virtually.

	When it comes to Ali, who portrayed Ava’s former sorority sister turned frenemy, O’Brien says it was a full-circle moment. “She grew up in comedy,” she says of Ali, who grew up in front of audiences since she was 11 years old as a regular on “The Fresh Prince of BelAir” with Will Smith. “And she’s such a comedy nerd. She’s watched everything, and she’s like an encyclopedia.”

	During the casting process, O’Brien was searching for someone who “had some of the same ingredients as Janelle James’ character. It’s a tougher role because she’s keeping it funny and light and not too mean-spirited.” Ali was perfect.

	










	While Hulu’s “Only Murders in the Building” didn’t have to cast children this season, it did have to switch things up for its latest season.

	Moving from the Arconia Building to Broadway, Season 3 gave the crime-solving, podcasting trio of Martin Short, Steve Martin and Selena Gomez new suspects to interrogate after the leading manin Oliver’s (Short) new play is murdered.

	The new season provided an opportunity for the casting directors to find fresh faces and work tocast a play within the show. From screen veterans to Broadway veterans, casting directors TiffanyLittle Canfield, Bernard Telsey and Destiny Lilly had a plethora of options. Plus, they knew they had to step up their game once Meryl Streep landed a supporting role.

	“I’ve never seen that side of her,” says Telsey. “That’s what acting is all about, everyone getting to stretchand do things that they would never get to do.”

	Aside from Streep, Paul Rudd, Ashley Park, Jesse Williams and Linda Emond also put in appearances. But casting theater veterans meant a lot of the supporting actors were busy in shows on Broadway.

	“[‘Only Murders’ co-creator] John Hoffman and everyone else in charge really responds to theater artists and is happy to work around crazy schedules,” says Telsey. “That allows us to go crazy.”

	Lilly felt the show also was a beautiful way to highlight Broadway’s biggest talents and allow them to exercise their comedic timing for a different audience: “It’s an exciting opportunity to really give them a showcase to be seen by more people.”
The Business of Entertainment