With clocks springing ahead, time is ticking to shop this major spring sale.
Today’s the last day to score hundreds of designer items for 20% off at Shopbop’s massive Spring Forward sale using the promo code SPRING20.
The site is filled with rarely-marked-down labels, from royal-loved Veja sneakers to high-end bling from the likes of Jennifer Meyer.
Below, shop 15 top picks from the sale — including steals from Free People, Alo Yoga and Barbour — before time runs out.
Mansur Gavriel’s totes have popped up everywhere from the final scene of “Barbie” to Taylor Swift’s summer street style looks. Score rare discounts on designs like this soft leather tote, similar to the one Katie Holmes carries on repeat.
Kate Middleton often trades designer heels for comfier footwear from Veja, including this white pair she’s sported on numerous occasions.
Free People is a runaway hit with stars like Taylor Swift, Selena Gomez and Olivia Wilde. Score a wide selection of styles on sale right now, including this denim skirt similar to one Swift owns in a lighter wash.
Plenty of stars sweat in style with Alo Yoga. And while the brand’s wares aren’t often on sale, several pieces are included in Shopbop’s seasonal blowout. 
When it comes to lightweight earrings that pack a sartorial punch, Jenny Bird’s bling is a favorite for celebrities and editors alike.
Cross a new pair of jeans off your list with Agolde’s signature crisscross denim, another Swift-loved style.
Girlfriend Collective has a place of honor in many a celebrity closet, with famous fans including Oprah, Ariana Grande and Mindy Kaling — the latter of whom owns the sports-bra version of this breezy exercise dress.
Jennifer Aniston’s famously a fan of Hanky Panky’s stretchy thongs. 
Stars are over the moon for Staud’s designs — including this Kendall Jenner-loved Moon Bag that appeared in a memorable “Ted Lasso” scene last year.
The royal family’s long trusted Barbour for its rugged outerwear, which the Princess of Wales owns in several styles.
Don’t sleep on pajama and loungewear deals either, including this cute pair from Kardashian favorite Eberjey.
Even high-fashion labels are majorly marked down right now, making it a great time to pick up luxe looks from Khaite and more.
Oprah took her love for Barefoot Dreams to a new level this year, once again spotlighting it on her “Favorite Things” list with this fuzzy sock trio.
Taylor Swift made a sartorial touchdown at the Super Bowl this year wearing a crocheted corset top from Dion Lee. Shop similar styles on sale right now, including this dress version and a range of similar shirts.
Just call it a tale of two Jens: Jennifer Meyer hadn’t yet launched her namesake jewelry brand when Jennifer Aniston wore her leaf necklace in “The Breakup,” making headlines and fast-tracking Meyer’s meteoric rise.
“This is before Jen and I were good friends, so I had no way of knowing whether she liked the pieces or not,” Meyer recalled of the moment in a recent interview with Page Six Style.