It comes down to Ratajkowski's choice of comfortable footwear.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Emily in Paris—sans pants? Yesterday, Emily Ratajkowski touched down in the City of Light during Paris Fashion Week in a chic all-black outfit that embraced this year's dynamic no-pants trend. Ratajkowski's pantless outfit is the latest in a slew of bottom-free celebrity outfits—but hers felt distinctly EmRata in that it was a compilation of other equally-as-viral trends, too.
While stepping onto the rain-drenched streets, Ratajkowski emerged from her car in an oversized black sweater dress that hit her upper thigh. The drop-sleeved style, which featured a rounded mock neckline and exaggerated longline sleeves, created a pantless appearance due to its oversized, micro-mini silhouette. 
Emily Ratajkowski arrives in Paris, France—sans pants!
Ratajkowski opted to elevate the piece with a black leather trench coat, as well as minimalist accessories: a leather shoulder bag from The Row and oval-shaped sunglasses.
Her pantless outfit earned a dash of light-hearted sophistication from the model's trendy leather ballet flats, which featured a front strap along the top of her foot. The black hue of her Mary Janes streamlined her all-dark look from head to toe.
Who needs pants when you have such an adorable sweater dress?
The no-pants trend is one that Ratajkowski's tried before, as seen at Puma's Mostro show during New York Fashion Week—where she similarly used a longer top to create a pants-less illusion.
Emily Ratajkowski attended Puma's Fall 2024 runway show during New York Fashion Week.
However, Ratajkowski's lack of pants in Paris proved the pantless trend's range—there's no singular way to go seemingly without bottoms. Just look at other stars like Taylor Swift, Selena Gomez, and Hailey Bieber, who have also taken on no-pants styling with shorts, briefs, and oversized tops in a range of colors, shapes, and textures.
In the no-pants lexicon, Ratajkowski's all-black attire created a sharply sophistiated take on the trend while remaining comfortable and—dare we say it?—practical. Whether pants-less or not, we can't wait to see what she wears next.
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.

The 21-year-old Princess of Orange, Catharina-Amalia, has overcome a scary period in her young life.


She's currently on a break from her beloved sneaker collection.


She never misses.


She's currently on a break from her beloved sneaker collection.


The fashion cross-over I didn't know I needed.


Even halfway across the country, she's still F1's best-dressed fan.


With a corporate twist.


She's not an F1 WAG, but she sure nailed the aesthetic.


This runway look is unlike any other.


It's made for twirling—and daily life.


She's lapping the street style competition in looks we all can shop.


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.