Today's Digital Daily	
			



	
			Today's Digital Daily	
			

Jenner's latest edit includes designs by Bottega Veneta, Saint Laurent and more.
Senior Trending News Writer

	The pop of red trend is here to stay according to Kendall Jenner. The supermodel revealed her Fwrd fall 2024 edit on Monday, including designs by Jacquemus, Saint Laurent, Bottega Veneta and Alaïa.

	Jenner, who has served as the luxury e-commerce site’s creative director since 2021, poses for photographer Sonia Szostak in looks styled by Malina Joseph Gilchrist.

	The new edit features trending textures like leather, silk, lace and faux fur. Jenner’s selection of elevated basics consists of backless dresses, draped silhouettes and mixed metal jewelry.




			You May Also Like		






	Available to shop online now at fwrd.com, prices range from $38 to $7,800.

	On Monday, Jenner was revealed as the face of Tory Burch’s new fragrance, Sublime. “I think about individuality above everything, and my approach [with fragrance] mirrors my design philosophy,” the designer told WWD. “It’s reimagining classics with a tension and contrast, building confidence. Those are things I think about when I design a collection as well.”

	










	“I was in Antigua, and I had this old leather bag,” Burch said of the perfume’s origins. “The smell was intoxicating, and it gave me the idea of a starting point for this new fragrance.”

	Since Jenner joined Fwrd, she’s curated several seasonal edits for the website and served as a brand ambassador at pop-ups in Los Angeles, Aspen and Palm Springs.

	“I grew up loving fashion and have been incredibly fortunate to work with some of the most brilliant people in this business. As Fwrd’s creative director, I am excited to help curate the site’s offering with emerging designers and brands,” Jenner said in a 2021 press release.

	Rouge hues dominated the runway during the fall 2023 season, with labels such as Valentino, Carolina Herrera and Emilia Wickstead ushering in a red renaissance. The trend has continued into 2024, with stars including Selena Gomez and Ayo Edebiri modeling rouge hues during awards season.
Sign up for WWD news straight to your inbox every day
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
WWD and Women's Wear Daily are part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All Rights Reserved.