Please log in, or sign up for a new account and purchase a Premium Subscription to continue reading.


Please purchase a Premium Subscription to continue reading.

Your current subscription does not provide access to this content.

Support the Peninsula’s only locally-owned newspaper. Subscribe!
Subscribing annually brings you big savings. We also offer monthly and weekly subscriptions.
Premium Subscription
As low as $8.25 per week
Premium Includes:
-- Access to the Daily Journal’s e-Edition: a digital replica of our daily newspaper including crossword puzzles, games, comics, classifieds and ads. You can download a digital replica of the Daily Journal for offline reading. You can also clip & download articles or images from the e-edition to share with others The most recent 90 issues are available at any given time.
-- Unlimited access to our award-winning online content
-- Commenting access on all stories as a valued member of the DJ community
-- NEW! Access to our online-only digital crossword puzzle. A new puzzle every day, seven days a week!
Support the Peninsula’s only locally-owned newspaper. Subscribe!
Subscribing annually brings you big savings. We also offer monthly and weekly subscriptions.
DJ Basic Subscription
As low as $5 per month
Basic includes:
-- Unlimited access to our award-winning online content
-- Commenting access on all stories as a valued member of the DJ community
What you're missing -- Additional features available only with the Premium level:
-- Access to the Daily Journal’s e-Edition: a digital replica of our daily newspaper including crossword puzzles, games, comics, classifieds and ads. You can download a digital replica of the Daily Journal for offline reading. You can also clip & download articles or images from the e-edition to share with others The most recent 90 issues are available at any given time.
-- NEW! Access to our online-only digital crossword puzzle. A new puzzle every day, seven days a week!
All for as low as $8.25 per month.
Partly cloudy skies. Low 48F. NW winds at 15 to 25 mph, decreasing to 5 to 10 mph.  Winds could occasionally gust over 40 mph..
                                
Partly cloudy skies. Low 48F. NW winds at 15 to 25 mph, decreasing to 5 to 10 mph.  Winds could occasionally gust over 40 mph.
 Updated: May 3, 2025 @ 6:30 pm
Prosecutors were hoping the conviction of a ski racer in a deadly collision would send a message to skiers and boarders to slow down on crowded slopes. A couple of hours after Nathan Hall was convicted of criminally negligent homicide Thursday, several skiers and boarders suggested the message was heard.
"I think just reading about it will wake people up. This is going to put the brakes on even the best skiers. It has changed my whole outlook," said Edward Paul, who has skied for 20 years and works at a local restaurant.
"This is really a bummer. Any time you go on the hill you take a risk, and people get out of control all the time. It's not going to be any fun anymore," said Bryan Wilson, another longtime skier.
Witnesses said Hall, 21, was skiing very fast in poor conditions when he collided with Alan Cobb on April 20, 1997. Cobb died minutes later of head injuries.
"Today our ski slopes in Colorado and the world have been made safer," Deputy District Attorney John Clune said. "You can't recklessly ski and hurt somebody. I think the whole world should pay attention to this."
Hall's lawyer, Brett Heckman, said the jury sent a message to skiers to slow down, "and unfortunately, Alan had to be the messenger."
The death of Cobb, and the subsequent deaths of Michael Kennedy, Sonny Bono and several other skiers, was followed by a crackdown on reckless skiers at several major resorts.
Hall, who remained free on bond, could receive up to six years in prison at his sentencing Jan. 4. District Attorney Mike Goodbee would not say whether he would ask for jail time.
Hall, of Chico, Calif., had been charged with reckless manslaughter, a more serious count that carries a sentence of up to 16 years. After 18 hours of deliberations, the jury, all skiers or snowboarders, decided to convict him of the lesser charge.
Hall did not testify, but jurors were played an audio tape made after the accident in which he said he was out of control and unable to stop before colliding with Cobb.
On the tape, Hall described himself as an expert skier who had always been able to stay in control. "It was just this one time," he said. The tape was made at an emergency room without his knowledge.
"I think about Alan and his family every day," Hall said after the verdict. "I am just thankful it is over. I hope for a brighter future for everyone. I have a lot of strong feelings and comments I want to make, but not at this time."
Prosecutors had asked the jury to convict Hall to send a message that reckless conduct would not be tolerated.
"How many more people have to die on our mountains until one person is held accountable?" Clune said.
Heckman argued it was not uncommon for skiers to lose control and said Hall should not be convicted of a felony because of a tragic accident.
James Chalat, a Denver attorney and ski law specialist, called the verdict appropriate. "I do think it is good for the industry and the state that he was tried and I do think that it sends a message," he said.
"I would like to thank the jury," Chris Hall, the defendant's mother, said through tears. "This has been a very difficult time for everyone."
Christie Neville, Cobb's fiancee, said she was relieved. "It's been a long time coming, but Alan has finally had his day in court. Alan would have wanted something positive to come from this."

                            Only subscribers can view and post comments on articles.
                        

                            Already a subscriber? Login Here

Please come out and join us for the last SHP performance of the 2025 Season.  Read moreThis Weekend Only - Come out and see CLUE - The Comedy!
Visit the beautiful San Mateo Garden Center for this free annual event.   Read morePlant Sale & Craft Fair
Snoopy! The Musical is a nostalgic musical comedy. It's charming, hilarious, and will keep y… Read moreSnoopy The Musical at Our Lady of Angels School


Jorg
 said:
                        


View more




Rel
 said:
                        


View more




easygerd
 said:
                        


View more




Dirk van Ulden
 said:
                        


View more




LittleFoot
 said:
                        


View more



Success! An email has been sent to  with a link to confirm list signup.
            

Error! There was an error processing your request.
            
If it breaks, we'll send it to you.
Join this email list to be kept abreast of breaking news.
Sign up today!
Wake up to our carefully curated list of headlines with the Daily Journal's daily newsletter.
All the top stories -- local news, local sports, lifestyle, opinions, obituaries, entertainment, plus regional/national/global info to keep you informed. Newsletter arrives every morning for your convenience.
Sign up today!
Would you like to receive our Marketing and Business Intelligence newsletter? The Daily Journal is proud to offer a newsletter providing vital information that will benefit your career, your business, and/or your organization.
Get updates on LOCAL SPORTS!
All the latest and greatest local sports headlines straight to your inbox. Every Monday, Wednesday and Friday morning, the Daily Journal will send you links to our best local sports stories.
Sign up now!
If you have an event you'd like to list on the site, submit it now!
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: