Want it, need it, must have it.
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we love. Promise.
Dua Lipa is busy chilling in Italy and enjoying some downtime/looking chic while she's at it...by which I mean she stepped out in THE red halter top that celebrities cannot get enough of. And luckily for us, it's still available in several sizes!!!
In case ya didn't know, Dua's halter is from the Australian brand With Jéan, and it can be yours for $149.
FYI, the top was also worn by EmRata back in 2023:
Oh, *and* Selena Gomez wore a similar style last year:
Anyway, back to Dua! The singer kinda has a lot going on at the moment, including the release of her latest album Radical Optimism AND being the global makeup ambassador for YSL Beauty. She recently spoke to Harper's Bazaar about juggling it all, saying "Gearing up for a record is always very exciting. Working with YSL Beauty is always so much fun. We’ve been working together for about six years, so now, doing the makeup side of it feels very natural."
Dua also chatted about how her approach to glam has shifted over the years. Ahem: "It’s changed quite massively. I’ve learned how to use makeup so much, what I like, what suits, and what doesn’t. Figuring out how to do my own makeup takes a while. I think I was used to experimenting so much with makeup, almost to the point where it was too much. Now I put on less. The makeup you have on now is my ideal everyday look...I’ve just gotten clearer about what I like. But it depends—I get experimental for a night out, and maybe I’ll try an eye, but my everyday look is always the same. So many beauty trends are out there that it’s almost hard to keep up."
8 Takeaways From Prince Harry’s New BBC Interview
JoJo Says Kath Was “Uncool” to Allege She Cheated
JoJo Breaks Silence on Mickey Rourke’s Homophobia
A$AP Rocky on Sharing Clothes With Rihanna
Blake Lively Gives First TV Interview Post-Lawsuit
Princess Charlotte Will Eventually Be Worth £4B
Walton Goggins Ends Interview Over Aimee Lou Wood
Wills "Sickened" by Harry Leveraging Royal Status
Timothée's List of "Demands" for Dating Kylie 
Sydney and Brandon Allegedly Spotted Holding Hands
Is Lexi Wood Coming Back to Summer House?
Hailey Bieber’s Gucci Dress Is So Cinderella-Coded
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.