By JORDAN BECK FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  12:00, 15 September 2024   |  Updated:  20:17, 15 September 2024   
 41
View  comments
Naomi Watts and Jamie Lee Curtis looked sensational as the led the stars arriving at the FX and Vanity Fair Emmy Party on Saturday.
The Mulholland Drive actress, 55, and Freakier Friday star Jamie, 65, both looked sensational at the celebrations ahead of the major awards ceremonyon Sunday.
Naomi wowed in a long dazzling long gown that went down to the floor and was completed with wrist-length sleeves and a crew neck.
She opted for a natural look complete with blush for her makeup and wore her blonde hair in a stylish bob.
Meanwhile, Jamie looked typically smart in a crisp white suit and black shoes as she posed with a hand on her hip.
Naomi Watts and Jamie Lee Curtis looked sensation as the led the stars arriving at the FX and Vanity Fair Emmy Party on Saturday 
Naomi has been nominated for Outstanding Lead Actress In A Limited Or Anthology Series following her role as socialite Babe Paley in Feud: Capote v The Swans.
Jamie recently won Outstanding Guest Actress in a Comedy Series at the Creative Arts Emmy Awards for her role on FX hit The Bear.
The 76th annual Primetime Emmy Awards is set to honor the best of television at the Peacock Theater in Los Angeles, California on Sunday, September 15.
The ceremony will be hosted by Eugene Levy and Dan Levy, who are making history as the first father-son duo to emcee the programme. 
Other stars to arrive at the pre-party included Naomi's fellow castmates Diane Lane and Tom Hollander, and the three of them were in great spirits as they posed together. 
White Lotus star Tom, 57, also put on a loved-up display with his partner Fran Hickman, 40, and the interior designer looked amazing in an abstract sequined dress. 
The Bear's Jeremy Allen White kept things simple in a fitted dark suit as he waited to find out whether he had won Outstanding Lead Actor in a Comedy Series for the second year running. 
Other stars to arrive at the pre-party included Naomi's fellow castmates Diane Lane and Tom Hollander, and the three of them were in great spirits as they posed together
White Lotus star Tom, 57, also put on a loved-up display with his partner Fran Hickman, 40, and the interior designer looked amazing in an abstract sequined dress
The Bear's Jeremy Allen Whit e kept things simple in a fitted dark suit as he waited to find out whether he had won Outstanding Lead Actor in a Comedy Series for the second year running
Wild Child star Juno Temple looked sensational in her floor-length silver dress ahead of finding out whether she has won for role in Fargo
Meanwhile, Outstanding Supporting Actress nominee Liza Colón-Zayas looked exuberant in her floral purple gown ahead of finding out whether has won for her role as Tina Marrero on The Bear
Rhymes for Young Ghouls star Devery Jacobs stunned in an extravagant red outfit that came with overly puffed sleeves and she completed the look with matching tights and shoes
Eugene Levy and Dan Levy are making history as the first father-son duo to co-host the show; seen in 2020
 Outstanding Drama Series 
The Crown
Fallout
The Gilded Age
The Morning Show
Mr. and Mrs. Smith
Shōgun - WINNER
Slow Horses 
3 Body Problem
Shogun earned a record-breaking 18 Emmys including one each for Anna Sawai and Hiroyuki Sanada
Outstanding Lead Actor In A Drama Series
Donald Glover, Mr. and Mrs. Smith
Walton Goggins, Fallout
Idris Elba, Hijack
Gary Oldman, Slow Horses
Hiroyuki Sanada, Shōgun - WINNER
Dominic West, The Crown
Outstanding Lead Actress In A Drama Series
Jennifer Aniston, The Morning Show
Carrie Coon, The Gilded Age
Maya Erskine, Mr. and Mrs. Smith
Anna Sawai, Shо̄gun - WINNER
Imelda Staunton, The Crown
Reese Witherspoon, The Morning Show
Outstanding Supporting Actor In A Drama Series
Tadanobu Asano, Shōgun
Billy Crudup, The Morning Show - WINNER
Mark Duplass, The Morning Show
Jon Hamm, The Morning Show
Takehiro Hira, Shōgun
Jack Lowden, Slow Horses
Jonathan Pryce, The Crown
Outstanding Supporting Actress In A Drama Series
Christine Baranski, The Gilded Age
Nicole Beharie, The Morning Show
Elizabeth Debicki, The Crown - WINNER
Greta Lee, The Morning Show
Lesley Manville, The Crown
Karen Pittman, The Morning Show
Holland Taylor, The Morning Show
Elizabeth Debicki took home Outstanding Supporting Actress In A Drama Series for her role as Princess Diana in The Crown
Outstanding Comedy Series
Abbott Elementary
Hacks - WINNER
The Bear
Curb Your Enthusiasm
Reservation Dogs
Only Murders in the Building
Palm Royale
What We Do in the Shadows
Outstanding Lead Actor In A Comedy Series
Larry David, Curb Your Enthusiasm
Steve Martin, Only Murders in the Building
Martin Short, Only Murders in the Building 
Matt Berry, What We Do in the Shadows
Jeremy Allen White, The Bear - WINNER
D’Pharaoh Woon-A-Tai, Reservation Dogs
Outstanding Lead Actress In A Comedy Series
Ayo Edebiri, The Bear
Jean Smart, Hacks - WINNER
Quinta Brunson, Abbott Elementary 
Selena Gomez, Only Murders in the Building
Kristen Wiig, Palm Royale
Maya Rudolph, Loot
Jean Smart earned Outstanding Lead Actress In A Comedy Series for Hacks
Outstanding Supporting Actress In A Comedy Series
Carol Burnett, Palm Royale
Liza Colón-Zayas, The Bear - WINNER
Hannah Einbinder, Hacks
Janelle James, Abbott Elementary
Sheryl Lee Ralph, Abbott Elementary
Meryl Streep, Only Murders In The Building
Outstanding Supporting Actor An A Comedy Series
Lionel Boyce, The Bear
Paul W. Downs, Hacks
Ebon Moss-Bachrach, The Bear - WINNER
Paul Rudd, Only Murders In The Building
Tyler James Williams, Abbott Elementary
Bowen Yang, Saturday Night Live
Jeremy Allen White, Ebon Moss-Bachrach, and Liza Colon-Zayas all won for The Bear
Outstanding Limited or Anthology Series
Baby Reindeer - WINNER
Fargo
Lessons in Chemistry 
Ripley
True Detective: Night Country
Outstanding Lead Actor In A Limited Or Anthology Series
Matt Bomer, Fellow Travelers
Richard Gadd, Baby Reindeer - WINNER
Jon Hamm, Fargo
Tom Hollander, Feud: Capote vs. the Swans
Andrew Scott, Ripley
Outstanding Lead Actress In A Limited Or Anthology Series
Jodie Foster, True Detective: Night Country - WINNER
Brie Larson, Lessons in Chemistry
Juno Temple, Fargo
Sofia Vergara, Griselda
Naomi Watts, Feud: Capote vs. the Swans
Outstanding Supporting Actor In A Limited Or Anthology Series
Jonathan Bailey, Fellow Travelers
Robert Downey Jr., The Sympathizer
Tom Goodman-Hill, Baby Reindeer
John Hawkes, True Detective: Night Country
Lamorne Morris, Fargo - WINNER
Lewis Pullman, Lessons in Chemistry
Treat Williams, Feud: Capote vs. the Swans
Outstanding Supporting Actress In A Limited Or Anthology Series
Dakota Fanning, Ripley 
Lily Gladstone, Under the Bridge 
Jessica Gunning, Baby Reindeer - WINNER
Aja Naomi King, Lessons in Chemistry
Diane Lane, Feud: Capote vs. the Swans
Nava Mau, Baby Reindeer
Kali Reis, True Detective: Night Country
Jessica Gunning triumphed in the Outstanding Supporting Actress In A Limited Or Anthology Series category for Baby Reindeer
Outstanding Animated Series
Blue Eye Samurai
Bob’s Burger
Scavengers Reign
The Simpsons
X-Men ‘97
Outstanding Television Movie
Mr. Monk’s Last Case: A Monk Movie 
Quiz Lady 
Red, White & Royal Blue
Scoop
Unfrosted
Scripted Variety Series
 Last Week Tonight with John Oliver - WINNER
Saturday Night Live 
Talk Series 
The Daily Show - WINNER
Jimmy Kimmel Live! 
Late Night With Seth Meyers 
The Late Show With Stephen Colbert
Variety Special (live) 
The Apple Music Super Bowl LVIII Halftime Show Starring Usher
66th Grammy Awards 
The Greatest Roast Of All Time: Tom Brady
The Oscars  
The 76th Annual Tony Awards
Variety Special (pre-recorded) 
 Billy Joel: The 100th Live at Madison Square Garden
Dave Chappelle: The Dreamer
Dick Van Dyke 98 Years Of Magic
Nikki Glaser: Someday You’ll Die
Trevor Noah: Where Was I
Directing For A Drama Series 
 Stephen Daldry – The Crown
Mimi Leder – The Morning Show
Hiro Murai – Mr & Mrs Smith
Frederick EO Toye – Shōgun - WINNER
Saul Metzstein – Slow Horses
Salli Richardson-Whitfield – Winning Time: The Rise of the Lakers Dynasty
 Directing For A Comedy Series
 Randall Einhorn – Abbott Elementary
Christopher Storer – The Bear - WINNER
Ramy Youssef – The Bear
Guy Ritchie – The Gentlemen
Lucia Aniello – Hacks
Mary Lou Belli – The Ms Pat Show
Directing For A Limited Or Anthology Series 
Weronika Tofilska – Baby Reindeer
Noah Hawley – Fargo 
Gus Van Sant – Feud: Capote vs The Swans 
Millicent Shelton: Lessons in Chemistry 
Steven Zaillian – Ripley - WINNER
Issa López – True Detective: Night Country 
Writing For A Drama Series 
Peter Morgan and Meriel Sheibani-Clare – The Crown
Geneva Robertson-Dworet and Graham Wagner – Fallout
Francesca Sloane and Donald Glover – Mr & Mrs Smith
Rachel Kondo and Justin Marks – Shōgun
Rachel Kondo and Caillin Puente – Shōgun
Will Smith – Slow Horses - WINNER
Writing For A Comedy Series 
Quinta Brunson – Abbott Elementary
Christopher Storer – The Bear
Meredith Scardino and Sam Means – Girls5eva
Lucia Aniello, Paul W Downs and Jen Statsky – Hacks - WINNERS
Chris Kelly and Sarah Schneider – The Other Two
Jake Bender and Zach Dunn – What We Do in the Shadows
Jen Statsky, Paul W Downs, and Lucia Aniello (left to right) won Writing for a Comedy Series for Hacks
Writing For A Limited Or Anthology Series 
Richard Gadd – Baby Reindeer - WINNER
Charlie Brooker – Black Mirror
Noah Hawley – Fargo
Ron Nyswaner – Fellow Travelers
Steven Zaillian – Ripley
Issa López – True Detective: Night Country
Richard Gadd was a major winner as he won Outstanding Lead Actor In A Limited Or Anthology Series and Writing For A Limited Or Anthology Series for Baby Reindeer 
Writing For A Variety Series 
The Daily Show
Last Week Tonight with John Oliver
 Saturday Night Live
Outstanding Reality Competition Program 
The Amazing Race
RuPaul’s Drag Race
Top Chef
The Traitors - WINNER
The Voice
Alan Cumming showed off his Emmys as The Traitors earned Outstanding Reality Competition Program
Wild Child star Juno Temple  looked sensational in her floor-length silver dress ahead of finding out whether she has won for role in Fargo. 
Meanwhile, Outstanding Supporting Actress nominee Liza Colón-Zayas looked exuberant in her floral purple gown ahead of finding out whether has won for her role as Tina Marrero on The Bear. 
Rhymes for Young Ghouls star Devery Jacobs stunned in an extravagant red outfit that came with overly puffed sleeves and she completed the look with matching tights and shoes. 
This year’s ceremony will take be held less than a year after the 75th edition of the show.
It took place this past January after being moved back from its intended September 2023 date due to the writers and actors strikes.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group