Benny Blanco is pinching himself when it comes to his relationship with girlfriend Selena Gomez.
On Wednesday, the producer appeared on the Today show, where he promoted his cookbook, Open Wide, and dished to hosts Hoda Kotb and Jenna Bush Hager about his romance.
"I wake up every day and I look in the mirror and I'm like, 'How did this happen?' But until anyone figures it out, 'Weeee,'" he said. 
Blanco, 36, revealed the trick to landing his love -- his cooking skills. 
"Look at me, the only way I got where I am is cooking food," he said. "Are you kidding me? That's the best first date in the world. You cook up some food. How can anyone not love you if you're making them a huge steak with potatoes and salad."
On Tuesday night, Gomez was there to support her beau during the Open Wide celebration. Taking to Instagram, Gomez celebrated her man's latest accomplishment. 
"So proud of @itsbennyblanco - Open Wide is out now!!," the 31-year-old singer wrote next to pictures of her taking a bite out of the cake shaped like Blanco's book, and photos of her posing with the man of the hour. 
Blanco took to the comments to react to his love's support.
"life is better when i'm w u," he wrote. 
On Monday, Blanco shared his love of cooking for his girl with his TikTok followers. 
"I woke up early this morning and I was like, 'I want to do something nice for my girlfriend,'" Blanco shared with his followers. "I was thinking, whenever I want to put a smile on her face or get laid, I just make her steak."
Taking fans through the process, Blanco shared snapshots of himself preparing a mouthwatering spread, including perfectly smoked steak, crispy potatoes, and a Caesar salad complete with homemade croutons. "If you're not making homemade croutons, you're an idiot," he joked in one of the clips.
After his plan to surprise her at work was foiled, Blanco left a note by her bedside as she slept. Gomez later took to her Instagram Story to share the sweet note with her fans. 
"I love you! Sleep well! I made you steak," it read. 
Blanco and Gomez confirmed their romance in December 2023 after months of speculation. Since then, the pair has taken their love to basketball games, double date nights with Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce, and of course, the kitchen.
the perfect steak
Last month, a source told ET that the Only Murders in the Building star and "Eastside" hitmaker have gotten "very serious" with their relationship.
"Selena trusts him more than any other past romantic partner in her life," the source said. "They are very respectful of one another and their relationship is growing in positive ways."
The duo, the source said, feels "like they bring the best out of each other and make an effort to be communicative, honest, and supportive of each other."
"They speak their minds, appreciate each other's art, and lift each other up," the source noted. "They both see a positive future together and have a desire to continue to move forward and have their relationship thrive."
For more on Selena and Benny's romance, click below. 
RELATED CONTENT: 
News
News
News
News
Video