Cloudy with showers. Low near 55F. Winds light and variable. Chance of rain 40%..
                                
Cloudy with showers. Low near 55F. Winds light and variable. Chance of rain 40%.
 Updated: May 3, 2025 @ 9:28 pm
You have questions. I have some answers.
Q: I’ve just read that “So Help Me Todd” has been canceled by CBS after two seasons. This is one of the cleverest, well-written shows with very good, versatile actors. Any chance it still might be renewed or possibly picked up by another network?
A: The comedy-drama starring Skylar Astin and Marcia Gay Harden has a better chance of finding a new home than many shows, with decent ratings and a fan base rallying for it online. In fact, Variety’s report on the cancellation said CBS dropped “Todd” and “CSI: Vegas” simply because it did not have room in a crowded schedule. Shows due to join the CBS lineup include “NCIS: Origins,” about the young Leroy Jethro Gibbs; a “Matlock” reboot with Kathy Bates, and still more – as well as a host of current shows that were renewed.
After two seasons, CBS has canceled its comedy-drama ‘So Help Me Todd,’ but the show’s decent ratings and strong fan support may help it find a new network.
Q: I do not subscribe to Hulu, so I was happy when ABC started running “Only Murders in the Building.” Do you know if ABC will run the additional seasons and when?
A: A lot of people who discovered “Only Murders” on ABC have been asking when they might see more. I’ve been a fan of the comedy-mystery starring Steve Martin, Martin Short and Selena Gomez for its entire three seasons on Hulu — and I’m looking forward to a fourth. But the ABC telecasts of the first season were filler while broadcast shows were stalled by the Hollywood writers’ and actors’ strikes. I’ve heard no news of more “Murders” on ABC, so fans for now will have to find it on Hulu.
During industry strikes, ABC aired the Hulu original “Only Murders in the Building” as a temporary filler. With no further plans for ABC telecasts, fans will need to watch upcoming seasons exclusively on Hulu.
Q: Why can I not find the original version of the movie “Two-Minute Warning” with Charlton Heston as a police detective investigating a sniper attack at the L.A. Coliseum during a football championship? Is it because of questionable content?
A: The late 1970s were not a good time for pro football at the movies. In 1976, “Two-Minute Warning” was in theaters (and was later on TV in both expanded and edited versions). The following year brought “Black Sunday,” about terrorists plotting an attack at the Super Bowl. Both “Black Sunday” and “Two-Minute Warning” are available on DVD and Blu-ray, and a “Warning” Blu-ray package includes the theatrical cut and one of the reedited versions.
Q: “The Old Man” on FX never had a finale! Is it coming back?
A: The drama starring Jeff Bridges has had a rocky road in production, including delays caused by the COVID pandemic, Bridges’s treatment for cancer and the Hollywood strikes. The first season appeared in 2022 (and can still be found on Hulu). ScreenRant reported not long ago that a second season will arrive late in 2024.
Q: I can’t believe they canceled “The Good Doctor”! What happened?
A: When ABC announced in January that this seventh season would be the show’s last, the producers said in a statement that it was “time to say goodbye.” It could be that the show was running out of creative ideas, or that the cast had grown weary, or the finances were not in its favor. I can’t say that the show feels as compelling as it once did, although it did at times have strong storylines (and one sad death). Let’s just hope for a powerful farewell.
Do you have a question or comment about entertainment past, present and future? Write to Rich Heldenfels, P.O. Box 417, Mogadore, OH 44260, or brenfels@gmail.com. Letters may be edited. Individual replies are not guaranteed.
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers:
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Would you like to receive our daily news? Signup today!
Sign up with
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Sign in with
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.