A clear sky. Low 66F. Winds NNE at 10 to 20 mph..
                                
A clear sky. Low 66F. Winds NNE at 10 to 20 mph.
 Updated: May 3, 2025 @ 8:35 pm
May 3, 2025
Editor
Hispanic Heritage Month, which by presidential order runs from Sept. 15 to Oct. 15, is a fine time to stop, consider and acknowledge how much that culture has contributed to making Texas special.
The simple truth is, Texas wouldn’t be Texas without its Hispanic heritage. It would be something, Oklahoma maybe, but it wouldn’t be Texas.
Hispanic culture has improved probably everything important about Texas — the food, the language, the music, the lore, the literature, everything.
Without it, we wouldn’t have the lyrical place names starting with Galveston, which would be something else if not for the Spaniard Bernardo de Galvez; arguably the name Texas, too.
And definitely San Antonio, Del Rio, Blanco and Amarillo, Frio — the county and the river — Valverde, El Paso, El Campo, Refugio, Presidio, Garza, Gonzales, Guadalupe and Hidalgo, to name a few.
If not for people such as José Antonio Navarro and Juan Seguín, there might not be a Texas to talk about and without Hispanic heritage we’d not have had the likes of Flaco Jiménez, Freddy Fender and Selena Gomez, Sandra Cisneros or Guadalupe Mendez, to cite a short list.
Texas is Hispanic as much as it is anything else and we should celebrate that.
But while acknowledging and celebrating Hispanic Heritage are important, they are less so than practical efforts to support and promote the people who carry it.
One such is the F1RST Scholarship Program at Texas A&M University-Galveston.
The program is remarkable in several ways; not the least in how it came to be.
Delilah Lopez, a senior majoring in maritime business administration, founded the first-generation organization on campus this semester to aid students outside of other established scholarship programs.
The program benefits first-generation students attending the Pelican Island Campus.
Services include weekly meetings, lessons, special events and scholarships of up to $20,000.
The organization now has from 30 to 50 students, Lopez said.
“My freshman year sucked,” Lopez said. “My parents didn’t go to college and I’m the oldest of my siblings so I had no one to turn to. Having nothing in common with any other person around me was hard and difficult.
“My vision for this organization was to really have that group where we would understand and connect.”
Being a first-generation student is not an experience unique to Hispanics. But they make up 73 percent of all undergraduates who were first-generation in the United States in 2020, according to data gathered from the Center for First-Generation Student Success.
“Hispanic heritage makes me think of community and support,” Lopez said. “I think of my past ancestors and the struggles they went through. Even my family and hearing the stories of how they grew up and what they went through to allow me to get to where I am is so intense but also so cool to see.”
But another noteworthy thing about the program is that it’s not limited to Hispanic students, but is open to all first generation students.
“With this organization specifically, there is no specific race to be a first-generation student,” Julia Ayala, a junior majoring in marine biology, said.
“We may not be the same ethnicity, but we both relate to the same problems. It doesn’t matter about our skin tone.
“We both don’t know how financial aid works, so let’s talk about it. But what makes us stand out is that we could learn from each other’s cultures.”
There’s hardly anything more Texas than that.
• Michael A. Smith
Michael A. Smith: 409-683-5206; michael.smith@galvnews.com​
Editor
Will this affect your life? How? Please share with us.
Sorry, there are no recent results for popular videos.
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers:
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Start your morning with the top headlines each day.
Receive email alerts anytime there is breaking news or a severe weather alert.
Get the latest local and national sports headlines delivered to your inbox every morning.
Plan your fishing trips with Capt. Joe Kent's Reel Report every evening.
Receive Laura Elder's Biz Buzz direct to your inbox every Sunday.
Receive the daily weather forecast and the weekly outlook in your inbox each morning.
Receive an email notification each time resident weather expert Stan Blazyk writes a new article.
ICYMI is a weekly newsletter highlighting stories from the past week. Wether they were the most important, most read or most talked about we want to make sure you read them. ICYMI also features select historical content.
Receive the most recent obituaries every afternoon.
Get a link to the latest e-Edition delivered to your inbox each morning.
Receive updates on the latest issues of Coast Monthly.
Receive the latest Dear Abby column in your inbox each morning.
Receive special offers from The Daily News and select partners including discounts, contests and more.
Galveston Unscripted Video Series
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.