Eagle-eyed fans have picked up on more than one way Taylor Swift and her boyfriend Travis Kelce have been connected for years and destined to be together all along.
While Taylor and her current beau Kansas City Chief's star Travis have been dating for less than a year, Swifities believe the pair have always been connected due the "invisible string theory" pointing out many instances connecting the two over the years. The "invisible string theory" is a popular idea that the universe itself is stitched together with invisible threads all leading us to our destinies with the belief that there is just one perfect romantic match out there for everyone.
Fans of the power couple have taken to X, formerly Twitter, listing out a number of surprising instances in which the lovebirds were secretly connected to each other for the past decade. Some of these connections include Taylor's song lyrics, similar body language, significant dates aligning, mutual friends, and more.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US .
READ MORE: Taylor Swift UK Eras Tour: Ticketmaster urges all fans to bring this tech gadget to UK shows
One instance of many that fans took notice of was the pop singer's surprising many connections to Travis' NFL team the Kansas City Chiefs despite not being from the state herself. Fans resurfaced a snap of Taylor from 2015 in which she was seen beaming alongside famous football quarterback Chase Daniel. And during their meeting, the NFL star sweetly gifted Taylor a red-and-white Chiefs jersey.
Later during Taylor's Reputation Tour, which took place back in 2018, the pop star was seen with her iconic all-black aesthetic paired with dark lipstick as she posed right in front of a Kansas City Chief's poster before ever meeting her future boyfriend.
Fans also picked surprising friend connections that linked the two long before they ever set eyes on each other. In a recirculating snap, one of Taylor's best friends Selena Gomez was seen meeting Travis during a charity event back in 2019. In the moment, the two famous stars were seen wearing matching white-and-blue "Royals" jerseys as they were seen cheering from the sidelines of a sporting event years before the two sparked their romance.
In Taylor's famous hit song Red - which was released in 2012 - fans also noticed a surprising connection between the breakup song's lyrics and the Kansas City Chiefs. In the song, Taylor sings: "I once believed love would be (burning red) but it's golden" and Travis' NFL team's signature colors are gold and red.
In another popular Taylor song Cornelia Street from her hit album Lover released in 2019, she sings: "As if the streetlights pointed in an arrowhead, leading us home." Many fans noticed this also shares a connection to the Kansas City Chiefs as their stadium is named Arrowhead Stadium.
This is also the same stadium where Travis attempted to gift the pop singer with a handmade beaded bracelet with his phone number on it. In July of 2023, the romantic NFL player told his podcast listeners that his plan was to give Taylor the present while he attended her Eras Tour concert in Kansas City, Missouri.
In another lyrical connection, In Taylor's famous song Begin Again from her 2012 album Red she sings about the possibility of falling in love again as she meets someone new after a heartbreaking split. In the hopeful breakup song, she sang: "But on a Wednesday, in a cafe I watched it begin again." And fans noticed that the podcast episode where Travis revealed that he made Taylor a friendship bracelet was also aired on a Wednesday.
And lastly, in side-by-side shots of Taylor and Travis, fans also picked up on some body language that directly mirrored one another. While Travis was celebrating on the football field and Taylor was dancing onstage, both shot an "arrow pose" as they launched an invisible arrow into the air. This moment seems to have taken place after the pair began dating as Taylor was dressed in her iconic Eras Tour sparking bodysuit, seemingly showing that even to this day when they are apart they are still connected.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.