By NATHAN SCHMIDT FOR NCA NEWSWIRE and AAP 
 Published:  02:43, 13 August 2024   |  Updated:  04:00, 13 August 2024   
A former police officer accused of killing Channel 10 presenter Jesse Baird and boyfriend Luke Davies with his service firearm inside an inner-city Sydney home has had multiple charges dropped.
Beau Lamarre-Condon, 29, appeared before Downing Centre Local Court on Tuesday via video link from custody as he faced two charges of murder and DV-related murder, and one charge of break and enter.
Police allege the former NSW Police constable killed the couple inside their home in Paddington in February before their bodies were later found in surfboard bags in the Southern Tablelands.
Returning before the court, Lamarre-Condon's lawyer, John Walford, said police had certified the former officer's charges and would be withdrawing the murder charges and proceeding with two charges of DV-related murder and the break and enter charge.
Magistrate David Covington told the court that general access had also been granted for a subpoenaed password-protected USB device, with the matter due back in court in October following a case conference next month.
Asked about the progress of the case outside court, another lawyer representing Lamarre-Condon said he had no comment, including about the USB, before adding 'next time', without elaborating.
Lamarre-Condon was seen on the video link in a prison green-coloured hooded jumper and did not apply for release on bail. 
He spoke only briefly, telling Mr Covington, 'Thank you, Your Honour'.
Former NSW Police officer Beau Lamarre-Condon is charged with two counts of DV-related murder
Channel 10 presenter Jesse Baird is pictured
Qantas flight attendant Luke Davies is pictured. Lamarre-Condon has been charged over his death
Police allege the murders occurred after a pattern of 'predatory' behaviour by Lamarre-Condon, a senior constable who had been in a brief relationship with Mr Baird months before his death.
A triple-zero call was made from Mr Davies' mobile phone four minutes after neighbours heard gunshots at the Paddington house. 
Following his arrest, Lamarre-Condon provided information to police that led to the discovery of the couple's bodies following a widespread search. 
The couple's bodies were found on February 27 inside surfboard bags at the fenceline of a rural property in Bungonia, near Goulburn, about 200km southwest of Sydney. 
Lamarre-Condon has since been dismissed from the NSW Police Force.
He joined the force in 2019 and previously ran a celebrity blog, posing in photos with dozens of A-listers including Taylor Swift, Selena Gomez, Katy Perry, Miley Cyrus and Harry Styles. 
The matter will return to court on October 8. 
1800 RESPECT (1800 737 732)
Lifeline 13 11 14
Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group