Support independent journalism, free from the trades and other publications that are part of the tinsel town machine.
For 12 years, Showbiz411.com has been covering Hollywood, Broadway, the music business and the business of celebrity. Ads are our main source of funding, but contributions (not tax exempt) from readers who enjoy the scoops, exclusives, and fact based reports are always welcome and very appreciated. To inquire about ads, email us at showbiz411@gmail.com.
Share
Woody Allen turns 89 tomorrow and hasn’t lost a step!
According to the media in Spain, Woody and wife Soon Yi turned up in Barcelona yesterday. Woody is getting ready to make a new film there.
Woody told me last spring he was ready with a new screenplay as soon as he found the financing. It seems like he did with previous producer Ed Walson, who’s backed many of Alleb’s films and his Broadway musical of “Bullets over Broadway.”
One of Woody’s biggest hits was made in Spain. “Vicky Cristina Barcelona” was a Best Picture nominee. Penelope Cruz won the Oscar for Best Supporting Actress.
This would be Woody’s third film he’s shot in Spain — the other was “Rifkin’s Festival.” It’s also his 53rd feature (I think). He’s made an average of one movie a year since the early 80s.
Woody Allen has directed more actresses to Oscars than any other director. They include Cruz, Dianne Wiest, Diane Keaton, and Cate Blanchett. He won the Oscar in 1978 for Best Picture and Director (and Keaton’s Best Actress) for “Annie Hall.”
Woody’s influence is still felt in the movie world. One of his more recent films, “A Rainy Day in New York,” starred Timothee Chalamet, Elle Fanning, and Selena Gomez. Gomez was such a hit with her droll delivery that she wound up basically playing that role in “Only Murders in the Building.” Chalamet and Fanning had such good chemistry that they now co-star in “A Complete Unknown,” about Bob Dylan.
Viva Woody!
Photo c2024 Showbiz411
Showbiz411 is now in its 13th year of providing breaking and exclusive entertainment news. This is an independent site, unlike the many Hollywood trades that are owned by one company. To continue providing news that takes a fresh look at what's going on in movies, music, theater, etc, advertising is our basis. Reader donations would be greatly appreciated, too. They are just another facet of keeping fact based journalism alive.Thank you
Read more
Hollywood to the Hudson
Company
Trending
Categories
©	Showbiz411.com