ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
SEOUL, SOUTH KOREA - OCTOBER 18: LISA of BLACKPINK attends the 2022 Bulgari Aurora Awards in Seoul ... More at Grand Walkerhill Hotel on October 18, 2022 in Seoul, South Korea. “Rockstar” by Blackpink singer Lisa launches on the Hot 100 at No. 70 this week. The single now marks Lisa’s highest placement on the Hot 100–on her own, that is. (Photo by The Chosunilbo JNS/Imazins via Getty Images)
Blackpink singer Lisa emerged as one of the most successful members in the girl group years ago when she launched her solo career. In 2021, she made history when she dropped a two-song collection under her own moniker, and the pair of cuts performed well all around the world.
Years later, she’s back with another new song, and things are going spectacularly. In fact, Lisa’s latest single has turned out to be not just another win for the musician, but the biggest hit of her solo career–at least in America.
“Rockstar” by Lisa launches on the Hot 100 this week. The tune opens at No. 70 on the ranking of the most-consumed songs in the U.S.
No. 70 now marks Lisa’s highest placement on the Hot 100–on her own, that is. It beats her previous high point by 14 spaces, so it’s clear that the singer is becoming more and more popular in the nation as time goes on, and that her ascent is moving steadily.
Before this week, Lisa’s loftiest appearance on the Hot 100 was No. 84. Her debut solo cut “Lalisa” opened and peaked in that position back in September of 2021.
Just a few months later, Lisa doubled her total number of smashes on the Hot 100. “Money,” which was released at the same time as “Lalisa,” was spun off as a focus track as well, and American fans reacted by buying and streaming the cut in huge numbers. While it only climbed as high as No. 90, it managed a pair of weeks on the tally. “Money” remains Lisa’s only track to spend more than one frame on the Hot 100—at least so far.
As a member of Blackpink, Lisa has climbed much higher, though those hits are counted separately. The girl group has earned five top 40 smashes on the Hot 100, including collaborations with Selena Gomez and Lady Gaga, as well as cuts that don’t feature anyone else.
“Rockstar” succeeds largely thanks to a sizable sales sum. The single hit one Billboard chart, the Rap Digital Song Sales list, last week after only a few hours of purchasing activity. Now that its first full seven-day tracking period has passed, the tune has become a certified bestseller.
Lisa arrives on the Digital Song Sales chart–the all-genre ranking of the bestselling tunes in the country–at No. 7. Luminate reports that the cut sold more than 6,100 copies in the past tracking frame. That’s also enough for the smash to shoot to a new high of No. 2 on the aforementioned Rap Digital Song Sales roster.