GRAMMY and Pulitzer Prize-winning artist Rhiannon Giddens has teamed up with singer-songwriter Crys Matthews and the Resistance Revival Chorus—a collective of women and non-binary singers—for a reimagining of folk icon Peggy Seeger’s “How I Long for Peace.” Released today, the new recording is timed to coincide with tomorrow’s National Voter Registration Day. Seeger's "How I Long for Peace," originally penned over two decades ago and released in 2021, resonates deeply with its call for a more just and peaceful world. This message is especially poignant during voting season, reminding us that our choices at the ballot box directly impact the future we shape. Released in partnership with Joy To The Polls and HeadCount, this powerful rendition, recorded last month in Brooklyn, serves as a rallying cry for community and civic engagement during election season. Joy To The Polls will also feature “How I Long for Peace” to kick off a campaign encouraging artists to write their own songs, imagining the world they want to create.
O how I long for peace
Among the peoples and the nations
How I long to halt the plunder
Of the wonders of creation
O how I long for peace
Listen/Watch “How I Long for Peace” Here
“Rhiannon, Crys, and the Resistance Revival Chorus have created a remarkable interpretation of my song ‘How I Long for Peace.’ It really works and will take this simple song to new heights. Thank you, Rhiannon, as always—now it’s on its way!” — Peggy Seeger
“When Crys asked me to collaborate on this, I was thrilled. I've been a longtime fan of Peggy Seeger and believe she wrote an incredible song that speaks some hard but vital truths, while also allowing us all to wish for a better world.” — Rhiannon Giddens
“While participating in the Library of Congress Archive Challenge, I stumbled across a live video of Peggy Seeger singing ‘How I Long for Peace.’ Though the performance was from 2007, the words felt so poignant and relevant. I fell in love with the song and adapted it to sound like something I’d sing in my family’s church—where I first learned about social justice music and freedom songs. I carried the song with me for years, and after seeing a post from Rhiannon about an antiwar student demonstration she had witnessed, I sent her the song. The next thing I knew, we were in a NYC studio, singing it with the Resistance Revival Chorus. I hope this song becomes a balm for those, like us and like Peggy, who long for and actively strive toward peace. May we all continue to envision a world where lasting peace is finally realized.” — Crys Matthews
About Rhiannon Giddens:
Rhiannon Giddens has crafted a unique, iconic career, blending folk music with deep historical roots and modern sensibilities. A two-time GRAMMY Award winner, 2023 Pulitzer Prize recipient, MacArthur “Genius” grant honoree, and a composer of opera, ballet, and film, Giddens focuses her work on lifting up the voices of those whose contributions to American music have been overlooked. Her latest release, You’re the One (2023), marks her first album of all original songs. Giddens’ banjo can also be heard on the history-making song "Texas Hold ‘Em," and she serves as the Artistic Director of Silkroad Ensemble. Beyond music, Giddens has authored two children’s books, hosts the Aria Code podcast on WQXR, and has composed music for ballet and film, with one of her songs featured in Red Dead Redemption 2. She has collaborated with artists like Questlove, Yo-Yo Ma, and Samuel L. Jackson, and counts Elvis Costello, John Turturro, and Lucy Liu among her fans.
About Crys Matthews:
Crys Matthews is one of the brightest stars among today’s social justice music-makers. A prolific songwriter and lyricist, Matthews fuses Country, Americana, Folk, Blues, and Bluegrass into powerful performances rooted in traditional melodies and original, heartfelt lyrics. Known for her honesty and activism, Matthews says her mission is "to amplify the voices of the unheard, shed light on the unseen, and remind the world that hope and love are the truest paths to justice." Her forthcoming album, Reclamation, is a testament to that mission.
About Resistance Revival Chorus:
The Resistance Revival Chorus is a collective of over 60 women and non-binary singers who join together to breathe joy and song into the resistance, centering women’s voices, particularly Black women and women of color. Formed after the 2017 Women’s March, the chorus has performed on stages like Carnegie Hall and the Apollo, backed Ke$ha at the GRAMMYs, and appeared on The Tonight Show. They’ve supported causes like the Movement for Black Lives, climate change, LGBTQIA+ rights, and many others. Their album THIS JOY is available on all streaming platforms.
About Joy To The Polls:
Founded in 2020, Joy To The Polls (JTTP) is a non-partisan voting initiative that uses music and art to create a celebratory atmosphere around voting. JTTP has brought artists like Rick Ross, Sun Ra Arkestra, and Jon Batiste to polling places nationwide, with playlists from Barack Obama, Selena Gomez, and others. In 2024, JTTP will return with pop-up performances and more.
About HeadCount:
HeadCount is a non-partisan organization dedicated to registering voters and promoting civic participation through music and pop culture. Since 2004, they've registered over a million voters through partnerships with musicians like Harry Styles and Billie Eilish, organizations like Global Citizen, and events like Lollapalooza.
Progressive jam giants Umphrey's McGee‘s return to Las Vegas for the seventh installment of the massively popular UMBowl production was marked once again by a stand-out tour closing dual evening extravaganza where all stops were pulled out and the power given directly to the fans, for better or for worse.
On June 24, Round Records & ATO Records will release GarciaLive Volume Six: July 5, 1973 – Jerry Garcia & Merl Saunders, the latest installment of the celebrated GarciaLive archival series. The three-CD set was recorded at the 200 capacity Lion’s Share club formerly located in the small town of San Anselmo, CA, just 20 miles north of San Francisco. The performance features Jerry Garcia performing with friend, mentor and legendary keyboardist/vocalist Merl Saunders. The duo is joined by drummer Bill Vitt and bassist John Kahn, who soon became a lifelong Garcia collaborator.
Progressive jam giants Umphrey's McGee‘s return to Las Vegas for the seventh installment of the massively popular UMBowl production was marked once again by a stand-out tour closing dual evening extravaganza where all stops were pulled out and the power given directly to the fans, for better or for worse.
COPYRIGHT © 1995 - 2025 GRATEFUL WEB, INC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
Privacy Policy