From Lady Gaga to Hailey Bieber, it's not uncommon for celebrities to launch their own makeup brands.
However, when they earn the approval of beauty fanatics, we know we aren't just buying into the name but also into the quality. A brand that has consistently delivered on this is Selena Gomez's Rare Beauty that the 'Good For You' singer launched in 2019.
Despite kickstarting the launch with an extensive range of foundations, lip creams and eyebrow definers, it was her Soft Pinch Liquid Blushes that the market seemed to adore. Now, she has launched a more natural, everyday version that seems to be receiving just as much praise as the original.
READ MORE: This Morning fans begging to know where Cat Deeley bought 'beautiful' high street dress
READ MORE: 'Addictive' Floral Street fragrance set is 15% off at John Lewis
The Rare Beauty Soft Pinch Luminous Powder Blush for £26 has a radiant formula that "lights up all skin tones with airy, seamless, and silky colour". With a six colour shade range, the blush is "packed with shimmering pearls" to "keep you beaming all day".
To apply, gently sweep across the cheeks with a powder brush and build until you have reached the desired intensity. If you're struggling to decide what colour to choose, 'Cheer' and 'Hope' are great for fair skin, whereas 'Love' and 'Truth' work well on deeper skin. If you like a bright colour, 'Happy' or 'Joy' would be a good option.
Reviewers seem to be loving their purchase, as one said: "This blush is so good! The glow is so amazing I'm absolutely in love with it. The formula is so silky and smooth it goes onto my skin perfectly and looks super natural too I love it."
Another added: "I was literally putting highlighter over my blush, so when this came out I got it so quick! I LOVE IT! it’s an absolute necessity in the spring & summer for a perfect glow. I’ve always been a matte girl, but I’m obsessed."
Buyers also seem to be appreciating the value for money, as one review said: "WORTH EVERY CENT!!! I love this blush so much. it is super pigmented and full of highlighter. I have pretty tan skin and I really think that shade 'happy' contrasts with my skin so well. Very easy to blend out and gives a flawless look each time. I also have the rare beauty liquid blush and I'm very impressed with both blushes. Definitely a favourite. No complaints, definitely a steal."
One thing that does keep coming up is that the blush is very delicate. One buyer said: "The best highlighter/blush combo you can find. I love a highlighted cheek moment and this has changed the game. It does break really easily though and it broke in the package when it got here."
Soft and silky formulas like this are more prone to breaking. A pro tip to help avoid this is to put one or two cotton pads on top of the product before closing the lid. This should add an extra layer of protection, especially when travelling.
If you are looking for a slightly more affordable option, Boots sell the Milani Baked Blush for £11.75 that also has a glowy finish.
Receive the latest shopping news and reviews straight to your email by signing up here
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.