Ayo Edebiri arrives at the premiere of "The Bear" Season 3 at the El Capitan Theatre on Tuesday, June 25, 2024, in Los Angeles. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP)Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP
A Massachusetts native is part of the cast of a popular Hulu series that walked away with a record number of Emmy nominations Wednesday. 
“The Bear” got 23 nominations, which is the most for any comedy series in Emmy history. 
The series surpassed the 22-nomination Emmy record held by NBC’s “30 Rock” since 2009, according to Variety. 
Nominations for the acclaimed culinary phenomenon included best comedy series and best actor in a comedy series for Jeremy Allen White — both awards it won at January’s strike-delayed ceremony, along with best actress for Ayo Edebiri. 
Edebiri, a Dorchester native, won an Emmy for best supporting actress for her role as Sydney Adamu in “The Bear” last time.
This year she is up against Quinta Brunson in “Abbott Elementary,” Selena Gomez in “Only Murders in the Building,” Maya Rudolph in “Loot,” Jean Smart in “Hacks” and Kristin Wiig in “Palm Royale.”
Edebiri, who also earned a Golden Globe earlier this year for her role in “The Bear,” was born in Boston and raised in a religious Pentecostal household, her biography on IMDb Pro states.
Edebiri, 28, first became interested in comedy through her eighth-grade drama class. She later joined the improv club at Boston Latin School, Edebiri’s biography states. 
Aside from being a main cast member on “The Bear,” Edebiri’s other notable appearances include roles in “Big Mouth,” “Inside Out 2,” and “Bottoms.” 
“The Bear” is two nominations behind FX’s series “Shogun,” which led all Emmy nominees this year with 25. 
The series’ nominations included best drama series, best actress in a drama series for Anna Sawai and best actor for Hiroyuki Sanada.
“Shogun” shook up the drama race when its makers said in May that despite reaching the end of the story of James Clavell’s historical novel about political machinations in early 17th century Japan, they would explore making more than one season, shifting the critical darling from the limited series category to the more prestigious drama one.
The nominees are being announced just six months after the last Emmy Awards, which were delayed by last year’s writers’ and actors’ strikes.
Getting back to its traditional schedule, the show will be held Sept. 15 at the Peacock Theater in Los Angeles and air on ABC.
Click here to see the full list of nominees. 
Associated Press material was used in this story.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices