By 

	Elsa Keslassy

International Correspondent

	After making its debut at last year’s Cannes Film Festival with Jean-Luc Godard’s last work and Pedro Almodóvar’s “Strange Way of Life,” Anthony Vaccarello’s Saint Laurent Productions has boarded Jacques Audiard’s “Emilia Perez” as a co-producer. 

	The musical thriller joins Saint Laurent Productions’ roster of prestige projects, including Oscar-winning director Paolo Sorrentino’s untitled next film and David Cronenberg’s “The Shrouds.”




			Popular on Variety		







	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					Microdrama Plot Twist: A Threat to the Apps’ Stratospheric U.S. Growth		
			














	
		
					Global Distributors of Chinese Cinema to Be Recognized at Beijing International Film Festival		
			








	“Emilia Perez” is a musical thriller boasting an international cast led by Karla Sofia Gascón, Zoe Saldana (“Avatar”), Selena Gomez (“Only Murders in the Building”), Edgar Ramirez (“Carlos”) and Adriana Paz. The movie is co-produced with French production company Why Not Productions and Page 114, together with Pathé and France 2 Cinema. Pathé has acquired French distribution rights and will release the movie in French theaters. The movie has been described by Audiard as an “opera libretto in four acts.”

	










	The Palme d’Or winning director assembled a stellar creative team, including composer Clement Ducol, singer, songwriter/composer Camille, and choreographer Damien Jalet. Vaccarello created the costumes for the movies. “Emilia Perez” will be released before the end of 2024. 

	Saint Laurent Productions is the first film production company launched by a fashion house. When unveiling the company last year, Vaccarello said it will give him “the opportunity to expand the vision I have for Saint Laurent through a medium that has more permanence than clothes.” 

	“You can still see a film in 10 or 30 years if it’s good. In some ways, making a film can be more impactful than a seasonal collection. For me it’s a natural extension to another field of creativity that perhaps is more general and popular,” said the Belgian native, who became the artistic director of Saint Laurent in 2016. 
The Business of Entertainment