Selena Gomez had an emotional reaction following the 2025 Golden Globes nominations. The Hollywood star, who has received praise for her performance in 'Emilia Perez' and has been recognized with multiple international awards, was nominated for Best Supporting Actress for her role.
The actress shared her excitement with one of her longtime friends in the industry, Ariana Grande, and her 'Emilia Perez' co-star Zoe Saldaña. “Oh my god, Ari!” Selena said in a video showing her reaction to the nominations, tearfully hiding her face in her hands after receiving the news. 
“I’m so proud of @zoesaldana and I’m so grateful and honored @goldenglobes,” Selena wrote. Zoe Saldaña also teared up after learning that she had been nominated for her performance. "Dreams can come true," she wrote on Instagram Stories. 
'Emilia Perez' is the most-nominated motion picture with 10 nominations, followed by 'The Brutalist' (seven), 'Conclave' (six), and 'Anora' and 'The Substance' (five).
Meanwhile, 'Wicked' has become one of the fan-favorite movies of the year, gaining Oscar buzz for Best Picture. "Oh my goodness oh my goodness," Ariana wrote about her Golden Globes nomination for Best Supporting Actress.
“I am floored and honored to be recognized by members of the @goldenglobes,” she continued. “crying (of course) … It’s impossible to find my words, but I am simply so deeply grateful for this acknowledgment." 
Ariana had also shown her support for Zoe Saldaña over the weekend after their joint win for Best Supporting Actress at the 2024 Astra Awards. "Thank you so much for this honor," Ariana wrote, "and yes [Zoe Saldaña] we did it."
The 'Wicked' star continued to praise her co-star Cynthia Erivo for her nomination for Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Motion Picture. “Congratulations to my brilliant, dear sister @cynthiaerivo, and all of our Ozian family on this celebration of our work,” she concluded. “I can’t possibly express my gratitution.”
© ¡HOLA! Reproduction of this article and its photographs in whole or in part is prohibited, even when citing their source.