On the eve of "Joker: Folie à Deux" opening in theaters on Friday, October 4, awards pundits everywhere are wondering about the film's chances at upcoming kudos like the Oscars and Golden Globes. One of its strongest contenders is Lady Gaga, whose manipulative character Harleen "Lee" Quinzel sings and dances her way into Arthur "Joker" Fleck's (Joaquin Phoenix) heart. Even though critics are divided over the sequel, there's good news for Gaga: Gold Derby's Golden Globe predictions have her reaping a bid for Best Supporting Actress.
As of this writing, Gaga enjoys odds of 13/1, which places her in the Top 6 for the category. (As of last year, all Golden Globe races have six nominees.) Her closest competitors are currently Zoe Saldana ("Emilia Perez") at 37/10 odds, Danielle Deadwyler ("The Piano Lesson") at 9/2 odds, Selena Gomez ("Emilia Perez") at 13/2 odds, Felicity Jones ("The Brutalist") at 13/2 odds, and Isabella Rossellini ("Conclave") at 9/1 odds.
Gaga completely inhabits the role of Harley Quinn, who begins the film as a patient at Arkham State Hospital and a member of the singing class, which is where she meets Joker. Together, the comic book villains share several musical moments as they bond over their traumatic upbringings and criminal histories.
As for critics' reactions to Gaga's performance, David Rooney (Hollywood Reporter) raves that she's a "compelling live-wire presence, splitting the difference between affinity and obsession." Owen Gleiberman (Variety) calls her a "great actor" who was "drastically underused." And Peter Bradshaw (The Guardian) claims Gaga "delivers a diva charge" and wonders if her version of Harley Quinn might "return in an adventure of her own?"
Don't forget, the first "Joker" (2019) was an awards behemoth, earning 11 Academy Awards nominations and winning two for Best Actor (Phoenix) and Best Score (Hildur Guðnadóttir). Oscar nominee Todd Phillips is back as the director for "Folie à Deux," and he recently thanked Warner Bros. at the U.S. premiere for "taking such a bold swing on this movie, because it’s not necessarily the sequel you might expect."
Currently at Gold Derby, eight out of our 15 Golden Globes Experts are predicting a nomination for Gaga: Brian Truitt (USA Today), Debra Birnbaum (Gold Derby), Erik Davis (Fandango), Keith Simanton (IMDb), Shawn Edwards (WDAF-TV Fox), Susan King (Gold Derby), Susan Wloszczyna (Gold Derby) and Tariq Khan (Gold Derby).
Gaga is a two-time Golden Globe winner for starring on "American Horror Story: Hotel" (2015) and writing the song "Shallow" from "A Star Is Born" (2018). The awards group also nominated her for starring on "A Star Is Born" and "House of Gucci" (2021), and for writing the song "Hold My Hand" from "Top Gun: Maverick" (2022). Will she receive her sixth career Golden Globe nomination for "Joker: Folie à Deux"? Stay tuned.
SIGN UP for Gold Derby’s free newsletter with latest predictions
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…
Take a trip back to the Academy Awards ceremonies of the recent past with Gold Derby’s Oscars Playback series. Hosts Joyce Eng and Christopher Rosen recap every Oscar ceremony of the 1990s and 2000s. Joyce and Chris tackle the highs and lows of each show and see how the winners aged. It’s a wonderful night for Oscar, whenever you watch!

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media