We may earn a commission if you buy something from any affiliate links on our site.
Getting your glam on doesn’t always have to mean a dramatic eye or a statement lip – this winter, it’s all about an Old Hollywood-inspired wave. Big-barrelled and fluid, glossy and polished, you can forget the undone, mussed-up texture of recent years: lustrous and deliberately styled hair is where it’s at for this party season, and beyond.
See Demi Moore, who stepped out wearing her ultra-long hair in silky, undulating waves that radiated health at the Governors Awards recently. At 62, she is the proof that you can wear your hair as long as you like at every age. At the same event, Zoe Saldana showcased her own big barrel waves, which were made all the more elegant with a deep side parting and soft, slightly brushed-out finish.
This content can also be viewed on the site it originates from.
Proving that big waves work on shorter hair too, Selena Gomez showed off a luxe midi-bob at another event in Hollywood, pairing her deep brunette waves with black cherry nails. Lily-Rose Depp was channelling Veronica Lake with her flaxen curls as she did press for Nosferatu, and Simone Ashley’s glossy waves were festive perfection. Not forgetting Eve Hewson, who stepped out in London with more traditional kiss curls and waves, created by hairstylist Halley Brisker. Combined with a punchy red lip and a plunging neckline, she was glamour incarnate.
How to recreate the look at home? After prepping hair with a mousse – try Rahua’s Aloe Vera Hair Mousse – and rough drying it in, hairstylist Larry King recommends taking a hair dryer and round brush to form big waves. “Curl the hair around the brush, then settle it and pull the brush out while twisting, so the hair falls into big, loose waves,” he previously told Vogue. The Dyson Airwrap is also a handy tool to try the look, but you can also make use of heated rollers, then brush the hair out with your fingers.
Veronica Lake with her signature waves.
Dyson Airwrap Customised
Dyson
BaByliss Thermo-Ceramic Rollers
Boots
Rahua Aloe Vera Hair Mousse
Naturisimo
More from Vogue
Condé Nast Britain
© 2025 Condé Nast