Is Jacob Elordi's 'On Swift Horses' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Amazon Prime Video?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'Heavenly Ever After' On Netflix, A Charming K-Drama Where An 80-Year-Old Woman Reconnects With Her Suddenly Much Younger Looking Husband In The Afterlife				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'Journey to You' on Hallmark, Where A Workaholic Nurse And A Divorced Single Dad Find Themselves—And Love—On The Camino de Santiago				

					Is 'The Wedding Banquet' 2025 Movie Streaming on Netflix or Amazon Prime?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Exterritorial’ on Netflix, a German Thriller Leaning Hard On Its Crunchy Hand-to-Hand Combat Sequences				

					The Top 10 Movies on Netflix That Are Most Popular Right Now				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Jewel Thief: The Heist Begins’ on Netflix, a Hacky Indian Action Flick That Only Steals Your Precious Time				

					Marvel's 'Thunderbolts*' Review: A Small Superhero Story Offering Huge Hope for the Future of the MCU				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘The Biggest Fan’ on Netflix, a Mexican Comedy About Celeb Worship Starring Kate del Castillo				

					Will There Be a 'Four Seasons' Season 2? Everything We Know About The Netflix Comedy				

					'The Four Seasons' Welcomes Back Alan Alda In A Special Guest Role				

					R.I.P. Ruth Buzzi: 'Laugh-In' And 'Sesame Street' Alum Dead At 88				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Asterix and Obelix: The Big Fight’ on Netflix, a Fresh and Fun Animated Series in a Long-Running French Franchise				

					Is the 'Sneaks' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Disney+?				

					Is the 2025 'King Of Kings' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Disney+?				

					Chaotic 'Minecraft Movie' Screenings Have Led To Police Removals Of Rowdy Audience Members				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Promised Hearts’ on Netflix, A Friends-to-Lovers Indonesian Romance About Childhood Friends				

					'The Smashing Machine' Trailer Drops: Could This Score Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson His First Oscar?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘The Narrow Road To The Deep North’ On Prime Video Where Jacob Elordi Plays A Haunted Prisoner Of War				

					Aimee Carrero On Why Signing Onto 'Your Friends And Neighbors' Was A No-Brainer For Her: "I Love Nothing More Than Subverting A Stereotype"				

					Kerry Washington Censored On 'The View' While Gloating About Telling Method Man To "F Off" In 'Shadow Force'				

					What Time Is Trump on TV Tonight? How To Watch 'President Trump The First 100 Days'				

					Kelly Clarkson Tells Finn Wolfhard All About Her "Horrible" First Kiss: "It Was Like He Was Searching For Something"				

					Idina Menzel Confesses To Andy Cohen On ‘The Kelly Clarkson Show’ About The Time She “Peed” Onstage: “It Was In ‘Wicked’”				

					'Andor' Season 2 Episode 6 Recap: Sex, Death, and Star Wars				

					Diego Luna Achieves Peak Hottness As Undercover Space Spy Hot Varian Skye  in ‘Andor’ 				

					'Andor' Season 2 Episode 5 Recap: Gimme Fuel, Gimme Fire				

					'Andor' Marries Star Wars With Shakespeare With Forest Whitaker’s Incendiary Ode to Rhydonium: "Revolution is Not For the Sane!"				

					'MobLand' Episode 5 Recap: Funeral Party				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Havoc’ on Netflix, Where Tom Hardy And Timothy Olyphant Are Among Those Shooting At Each Other 				

					'MobLand' Episode 4 Recap: Suspicious Minds				

					'MobLand' Episode 3 Recap: Human Sacrifice				

					'The Last Of Us': Why Did Ellie Leave Coffee Beans On Joel's Grave? The Significance, Explained 				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'The Eternaut' On Netflix, Where Survivors Band Together When A Toxic Snow Falls On Buenos Aires				

					'The Last of Us' Star Gabriel Luna Explains Why Tommy Isn't There For Joel's Death on the HBO Show: "I Always Thought That Was a Bit Weird"				

					'The Last of Us' Season 2 Episode 3 Recap: Stuck in the Joel Hole				

					Kerry Washington Censored On 'The View' While Gloating About Telling Method Man To "F Off" In 'Shadow Force'				

					Alyssa Farah Griffin Opens Up About "Stressful" Fertility Journey On 'The View'				

					'The View's Whoopi Goldberg Compares Jeremy Renner's Near Death Experience To 'Ghost': "It's Not Just A Movie"				

					Whoopi Goldberg Thinks Trump Is "Getting Even" With America For Not Supporting Him Through His Tariffs And Controversial Policies: "He's Angry At This Country"				

					An Ode to Judy Gemstone, TV's Poet Laureate of Nonsense				

					Walton Goggins Shares The Magic Of Baby Billy Freeman Belting Out "Turn The Other Cheek" In Behind The Scenes Instagram 				

					Walton Goggins Says He's Struggling To Say Goodbye To 'The Righteous Gemstones': "I Am Mourning The Fact That I Don't Get To Play Baby Billy Anymore"				

					Walton Goggins On Getting To Pull Off Some Of Television's Most Absurd Lines In 'The Righteous Gemstones': "Danny McBride Spins Gold"				
Only Murders in… Abbott Elementary? It’s a television event that is not out of the question. 
John Hoffman, co-creator and executive producer of Hulu’s Only Murders in the Building, is expressing interest in the concept of a crossover — a TV collaboration in which two or more shows intertwine storylines and characters for an episode — with another Disney property: Abbott Elementary. 
Talking with Decider about the Season 4 finale of OMITB, Hoffman shared that while he hasn’t put too much thought into any crossovers, he would be more than happy to see the Abbott teachers meet up with Mabel Mora (Selena Gomez), Oliver Putnam (Martin Short), and Charles-Haden Savage (Steve Martin) in New York. 
While Only Murders in the Building is set in the Big Apple, Abbott Elementary famously takes place in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, the hometown of the city’s creator, Quinta Brunson. The Keystone State setting is especially important considering that it will be the site for an Abbott Elementary crossover with It’s Always Sunny in Philadelphia, announced earlier this year and playing out later in their respective seasons. 
“I haven’t thought of that [a crossover] but I will say this much, I love Quinta Brunson. And, you know, I’ve been fortunate to be at a bunch of these kinds of awards things or parties that I sometimes get a little bit tongue-tied and a little bit overwhelmed by and she’s been like a life preserver,” Hoffman told Decider. 
A post shared by SCREEN THRILL| Movies & TV (@screenthrill)
“We just happen to have gone to many of the same things together. And [she’s] so smart, sweet — it’s just a delight. And we talk about each other’s shows in the most glowing terms,” he said. “I love everyone on her show and everyone behind the scenes on her show.”
There appears to be no bad blood between the two shows, which both compete in the Outstanding Comedy Series category at the Emmy Awards and have gone up against each other in 2022, 2023, and 2024. Those trophies ultimately went to Ted Lasso, The Bear, and Hacks, respectively, although Abbott and OMITB have picked up hardware in other categories so all is fair in love and war. 
For Hoffman, the idea of getting to work with a fellow creative who is bringing joy to millions of people weekly in the form of comedy TV is invigorating… even if what it would look like is completely unclear. 
“That’s the one [show] that comes to mind first. I don’t know if there’s a world that could ever happen or what that might look or feel like. But it’s fun to imagine,” he said. It’s important to note that 
Hoffman added of the possibility that the teachers could stop by the Arconia in New York, “It’s not far from Philly.”
While neither show has aired a crossover yet — the Abbott Elementary/It’s Always Sunny episode is expected to debut in December — both Abbott and Only Murders have become synonymous with killer guest stars which make for great TV moments. Season 4 of OMITB recently brought on Molly Shannon, Melissa McCarthy, Meryl Streep, Zach Galifianakis, Eva Longoria, and Euguene Levy, just to name a few. Meanwhile, in Philadelphia, Abbott has welcomed everyone from Bradley Cooper to Kevin Hart to Taraji P. Henson. 
One can only hope that Brunson and Hoffman can find the time and the proper storyline to bring their shows together. We know we would be seated for it. 
Only Murders in the Building Season 4 is currently streaming on Hulu. New episodes of Abbott Elementary air on ABC Wednesdays at 9:30 p.m. ET and stream the next day on Hulu.

This story has been shared 3,657 times.
3,657


This story has been shared 2,882 times.
2,882


This story has been shared 1,656 times.
1,656


This story has been shared 1,340 times.
1,340


This story has been shared 1,165 times.
1,165


This story has been shared 840 times.
840


This story has been shared 835 times.
835


This story has been shared 767 times.
767


This story has been shared 512 times.
512


This story has been shared 504 times.
504


This story has been shared 497 times.
497


This story has been shared 452 times.
452


This story has been shared 389 times.
389


This story has been shared 305 times.
305


This story has been shared 298 times.
298