Sunset Boulevard / Getty Images
Hollywood A-listers are looking to the past for inspiration! Several stars like Drew Barrymore, Jennifer Aniston and more are planning to reboot classic films with everything from the beloved Wizard of Oz to 1988’s women-in-the-workplace dramedy Working Girl.

What a way to make a living!
Jennifer Aniston is producing a reimagining of the 1980 classic, which starred Dolly Parton, Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin. The country icon definitely approves of the Friends star’s involvement: “I love her to death,” Dolly gushes.
Forget Wicked!
“Surrender Dorothy is the script I’ve been trying to get made for, I kid you not, 28 years,” Drew Barry­more says of the sequel to the 1939 Judy Garland film. “As a director, I would give anything to make that.”
“I think it’s time to bring it back for a new generation. All of us who were in it will be very, very excited about seeing it,” Sigourney Weaver says of Selena Gomez’s plan to reboot the 1988 film that originally starred Sigourney, along with Melanie Griffith and Harrison Ford.
Conversation
All comments are subject to our Community Guidelines. InTouch Weekly does not endorse
						the opinions and views shared by our readers in our comment sections. Our comments section is a place
						where readers can engage in healthy, productive, lively, and respectful discussions. Offensive language,
						hate speech, personal attacks, and/or defamatory statements are not permitted. Advertising or spam is
						also prohibited.
					
InTouch Weekly has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.
InTouch Weekly is part of the a360media Entertainment Group.Copyright © a360media 2025. All Rights Reserved
By clicking Sign In, you agree to our Terms and Conditions and that you have read our Privacy Policy.
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include:
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include: