We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
want / need / must have
Dua Lipa is busy chilling in Italy and enjoying some downtime / looking chic while she's at it. By which I mean she stepped out in THE red halter top that celebrities cannot get enough of. And rejoice! It's still available in several sizes. 
Dua's halter is from Australian brand With Jéan, and it can be yours for $149 – roughly converting to just under £120 (though it's worth noting the shipping cost is calculated at checkout and also duties and taxes are not included in that price). But enough boring details, shop the top here:
The Rose Top is a halter neck style top with an open front design featuring a self fabricated flower at the bust.
FYI, the top was also worn by EmRata back in 2023:
And Selena Gomez wore a similar style from the label last year:
Yep, if that's not celebrity approval, we don't know what is.
If triple figures is out of your price range but you still want to get in on the look, we've rounded up similar red halterneck styles available to shop on the high street right now (no need to thank us!):
Anyway, back to Dua! The singer has kinda a lot going on at the moment, including the release of Radical Optimism AND being the global makeup ambassador for YSL Beauty. She recently spoke to Harper's Bazaar about juggling it all, saying "Gearing up for a record is always very exciting. Working with YSL Beauty is always so much fun. We’ve been working together for about six years, so now, doing the makeup side of it feels very natural."
So to conclude, we love Dua and we love her With Jéan red halter top.
Mehera Bonner is a celebrity and entertainment news writer who enjoys Bravo and Antiques Roadshow with equal enthusiasm, She was previously entertainment editor at Marie Claire and has covered pop culture for over a decade. 
These 7 'ugly shoes' are trending RN, here's why
These beauty launches need your attention, now
Here's your final chance to shop REN Skincare
 & Other Stories unveils 2025 collab with Roksanda
This £12 perfume smells exactly like Santal 33
This £4 accessory is the hair trend of the summer 
The best Ordinary products based on your skin type
The best spring shoes for each zodiac sign
Dune's best-selling woven shoulder bag is back!
Simply six of the best natural deodorants
17 of the best small (but mighty) vibrators
The best maternity swimwear to shop now
Cosmopolitan, Part of the Hearst UK Fashion & Beauty Network
Cosmopolitan participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England 112955. All Rights Reserved.