Selena Gomez is officially engaged to her beau Benny Blanco, and Gomez's longtime bestie Taylor Swift had the best reaction to the sweet news.
Gomez announced her engagement by showing off her sparkling marquise-style bling late Wednesday (Dec. 11) in an Instagram post, and it didn't take long for her pop star peer to weigh in with a congratulatory message online.
"Yes I will be the flower girl," Swift commented under Gomez's post.
Clearly, Swift is very ready for the wedding. Too cute! See below:
It's a full-circle moment for the two women who have been close friends since 2008, when they first met while dating members of the Jonas Brothers. Those relationships may not have worked out, but Gomez and Swift found love and friendship in each other.
In a 2009 interview with Seventeen magazine, Gomez shared that she even turned to Swift for love advice back then.
"If I ever I have an issue, Taylor has gone through it, because she's older than me, and she gives the most thought-out answers. And what I love about Taylor is that she does believe in the whole love story and Prince Charming and soul mates. Because of her, I haven't lost faith [in love]," Gomez shared.
READ MORE: Fans Thank Taylor Swift as Historic Eras Tour Finally Wraps
Of course, Swift wasn't the only celebrity who rushed to Gomez's comments section to wish the Only Murders in the Building actress well following the reveal of her big news and big diamond.
Cardi B, Gwyneth Paltrow, Julia Michaels, Suki Waterhouse, Shay Mitchell, Ashley Benson, Gordon Ramsay and Ayesha Curry are just a few of the stars who left kind comments for Gomez.
Meanwhile, Blanco commented, "Hey wait... that's my wife."
It's currently unknown when, exactly, Blanco popped the question to his future bride, but the couple have been subject to speculation they secretly got engaged for the past few months.
Gomez, 32, and Blanco, 36, have been in a relationship together since June 2023, getting together not long before the pop star released her song "Single Soon," which Blanco worked on.
Gallery Credit: Ryan Reichard