Jennifer Lopez ran from a question about her ex P Diddy.
During an autograph session, JLo greeted fans but The Mirror US has reported that she left the scene after one awkward question. Claims say that someone asked the singer: “JLo, do you have any comments about P Diddy and the allegations?”
As shown by a video posted to X/Twitter, Lopez walked away from the fans and stopped signing autographs as they called out: “Don’t leave!”
READ MORE: Selena Gomez forced to apologise for P Diddy comment in embarrassing slip up
READ MORE: Click for more brilliant Daily Star showbiz stories
Lopez was asked about her ex-boyfriend in light of the rapper’s recent sex scandal. He was arrested on 16 September and charged with sex trafficking, racketeering and transportation to engage in prostitution.
Diddy, real name Sean Combs, has “categorically denied” all the claims made against him. Elsewhere in Diddy news, the musician has been blamed by JLo’s ex-husband for their divorce.
Ojani Noa spoke to Despierta America and partially blamed Diddy for the breakup in a candid interview. Lopez’s ex-husband claimed: “Part of that divorce was Diddy’s fault.”
He also alleged that there was “cheating and lies” throughout their marriage: “When Sony came and paid her the millions she got, there was Puffy who was going to be one of the producers of several tracks on the first album On The 6. That’s where the cheating, the lies, the separation started.”
Ojani claimed that he was in Los Angeles “opening his restaurant” while JLo was “between Miami and New York working on the album”. He alleged: “When I could, I would go to be with her. There in the distance, in that separation, was where the cheating started.”
Lopez and Noa wed in 1997 but their relationship ended in 1998. JLo and Diddy then dated from 1999 to 2001 after they first met on the set of the If You Had My Love music video.
Her relationship with Diddy helped skyrocket her to stardom and sparked a string of hugely successful chart hits. “He gave me so many cues and taught me so many things, I’ll always be grateful to him for that,” she told Access Hollywood back in 2014.
The Daily Star is now on WhatsApp and we want you to join us!
Through the app, we'll send you the sassiest showbiz stories, some naught headline and a seismic smattering of aliens...along with the latest breaking news of course.
To join our community, all you have to do to join is click on this link, select 'Join Chat' and you're in!
No one will be able to see who has sign up and no one can send messages except for the Daily Star team. We also treat our community members to competitions, special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners.
If you don’t like our community, you can check out any time you like. To leave our community click on the name at the top of your screen and choose Exit group. If you’re curious, you can read our Privacy Notice.
CLICK HERE TO JOIN
Have you joined Threads? Follow Daily Star to keep up to date on all things showbiz here
Want all the biggest Showbiz and TV news straight to your inbox? Sign up for our free Daily Star Showbiz newsletter
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.