Gold Derby can exclusively reveal that Kristen Wiig is entering the "Palm Royale" episode "Maxine Throws a Party" as her 2024 Emmy Award submission for Best Comedy Actress. "Maxine Throws a Party" aired on May 8 and is the 10th episode and Season 1 finale of the Apple TV+ series.
In this installment, Maxine (Wiig) co-hosts the Dellacorte Beach Ball, where she performs "Is That All There Is.” But it goes off the rails right after as Maxine learns that her husband Douglas (Josh Lucas) is the father of Mitzi's (Kaia Gerber) child. Heartbroken, she recounts how she fell in love with him. When guest of honor President Nixon starts to leave, Mary (Julia Duffy) tries to shoot him, but the stray bullet his Robert (Ricky Martin) as agents pull Maxine away from his wounded body.
SEE 2024 Emmy nominations
A three-time nominee this year, Wiig is shortlisted alongside Quinta Brunson ("Abbott Elementary"), Ayo Edebiri ("The Bear"), Selena Gomez ("Only Murders in the Building"), Maya Rudolph ("Loot") and Jean Smart ("Hacks"). Her other nominations are for Best Comedy Series as an executive producer on "Palm Royale" and Best Comedy Guest Actress for "Saturday Night Live." She now has a total of 12 Emmy nominations but has yet to win.
"Palm Royale" earned 11 nominations for its inaugural season.
For a complete list of all episode submissions announced so far, join our special discussion in the Gold Derby forums. Television Academy voters are asked to watch each of the episodes submitted for that category before marking their ballots.
PREDICT the 2024 Emmy winners by Sept. 15
Make your predictions at Gold Derby now. Download our free and easy app for Apple/iPhone devices or Android (Google Play) to compete against legions of other fans plus our experts and editors for best prediction accuracy scores. See our latest prediction champs. Can you top our esteemed leaderboards next? Always remember to keep your predictions updated because they impact our latest racetrack odds, which terrify Hollywood chiefs and stars. Don't miss the fun. Speak up and share your huffy opinions in our famous forums where 5,000 showbiz leaders lurk every day to track latest awards buzz. Everybody wants to know: What do you think? Who do you predict and why?

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…
Take a trip back to the Academy Awards ceremonies of the recent past with Gold Derby’s Oscars Playback series. Hosts Joyce Eng and Christopher Rosen recap every Oscar ceremony of the 1990s and 2000s. Joyce and Chris tackle the highs and lows of each show and see how the winners aged. It’s a wonderful night for Oscar, whenever you watch!

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media