You gotta live it big time, folks.  
Sponsored by Penn State’s Student Programming Association (SPA), Logan Henderson of Big Time Rush stopped by Happy Valley Friday night to address Penn State students. In celebration of SPA Day, Henderson hosted a lecture and acoustic concert in Heritage Hall on January 19.
Best known for hits like “Boyfriend,” ‘Windows Down,” and “Music Sounds Better,” Big Time Rush recently reunited for an energetic reunion in 2021. Bandmates Kendall Schmidt, James Maslow, Carlos Penavega, and Henderson embarked on the “Can’t Get Enough” Tour to the delight of longtime fans, selling out iconic venues like Madison Square Garden and the Kia Forum. 
Walking onstage with guitarist Cody Perrin, Henderson first addressed the room with confidence and excitement. 
“What’s up, Penn State? How we feeling?” Henderson called out. 
The artist then transitioned into his first song: an acoustic rendition of “Music Sounds Better” with Perrin on guitar. 
“‘Music Sounds Better’ is still such a good one, so I always thought that one was fun to perform live,” Henderson said. “I love the musicality and the choreography with it is a lot of fun.”
After putting his own spin on the work as a solo, Henderson then embraced the audience’s participation and broke into an enthusiastic “We Are” chant. From there, he sat down to discuss getting into the entertainment industry as a young teenager in his hometown of Dallas, Texas.
Growing up among the ranks of Demi Lovato and Selena Gomez, Henderson explained his humble beginnings of pursuing acting. Encouraged by his high school chemistry teacher, who was also involved in the school’s theatre program, Henderson first stepped into the spotlight in a one-act play to earn extra credit in the course. 
“It started a little fire of wanting to be onstage,” Henderson told the crowd. 
From there, the conversation switched to all things Big Time Rush. With the recent reunion of the band in 2021, there was much to discuss, and Henderson emphasized the synergy between the longtime partners. 
“Whenever we ended the TV show, it was along with the album deal that we had with Columbia Records, but we didn’t really feel like we ever stopped,” Henderson said. “It was just kind of open-ended, like, ‘Hey it’s been a great run, but we need to kind of explore and do our own thing, and have our own time.’” 
Parting ways in 2013 after the release of the album “24/7,” the group took the time to pursue individual endeavors and ultimately found its way back to performing as Big Time Rush. 
“At some point, it just kind of made sense to see what we could do again,” Henderson said.
When asked about the success of the reunion, Henderson explained the risk of first pursuing Big Time Rush for the Nickelodeon show’s launch in 2009. Back then, the band lightheartedly joked about the reunion tour they are living out today. 
“I didn’t think we knew how the success of the show would play out,” Henderson said. “I think right away, we joked around about being super old and coming back and trying to dance onstage and having all of our ailments.” 
Talking about his bandmates turned family, Henderson explained the shift in mindset that enabled the group to reunite.
“I thought ‘OK, I’m able to write for the group again and kind of see,'” Henderson said. “‘Who is Big Time Rush all these years later?'”
In consideration of today’s musical landscape, Henderson explained the process of reimagining some of the band’s most iconic tracks while also enjoying its nostalgia.
“Coming back together, we’ve reproduced those with some of our producers and they just sound so much better, so much more palatable.”
Reflecting gratitude for the fanbase, Henderson highlighted the joy of performing music so many students have grown up with and still enjoy today. 
“They’re all great records. They’re so much fun. They bring so much nostalgia back that I love performing them,” Henderson said. “But it’s nice to kind of reinvent and reimagine.
Thinking of the future, Henderson emphasized the importance of openness and authenticity, stating that he’s “down for an adventure at any moment.” When asked about upcoming projects, he shared that the band is interested in pursuing acting again and leaving no stone unturned in the revival of Big Time Rush.
Throughout the conversation, the crowd reacted with laughter and excitement while reliving some of the band’s favorite memories together. Henderson spoke of remaining authentic throughout fame as a young adult, especially when brushing shoulders with musical legends like Elton John and Dave Grohl. 
Henderson then shared a key takeaway, quite applicable to Penn State students on the brink of the future. 
“Hard work has done more for me than any natural ability,” Henderson said. 
While Henderson encouraged students to pursue their goals with energy, the conversation was often paused for singing performances. Henderson performed acoustic renditions of his own music including “Sleepwalker” and “Pull Me Deep,” which included a brief mashup of “Lovin On Me” by Jack Harlow. 
He also delighted the audience with Big Time Rush originals including “Weekends” and “Boyfriend.” The crowd began to sing along with excitement, which only grew as Henderson teased the audience with the promise of Big Time Rush’s return to Happy Valley. 
“If you’ll have us,” Henderson joked with the crowd.
Please choose an option below.
Lizzie is a senior majoring in Marketing and Psychology from Bucks County, Pennsylvania. Ask her about Disney World, Diet Pepsi, or dancing on the Jumbotron at Beaver Stadium. When not causing general trouble, Lizzie enjoys playing golf, performing in the theatre, and being the CEO of reorganizing the fridge. Her favorite thing to do is hang out with her sassy sidekick, 19-year-old Italian Greyhound, Macaroni. Follow her on Twitter @lizziepalmieri if your deepest desire is bestie vibes only.
“What’s funny to me is that after spending so much time telling other people’s stories, I conclude my time here by writing about my own.”
Jacob Francis and Jayson Archer are each accused of leading violent hazing rituals against new members.
The rock band debuted its unreleased single “Easy Come, Easy Go,” along with crowd favorites like “Gives You Hell” and “Dirty Little Secret.”
Δ
“There were things that mattered and things that didn’t. Oftentimes, a quick peek behind the curtain was just enough to tell the difference.”
© 
				2008 - 2025				Onward State