All the vibes
Selena Gomez is one of our fave celebs when it comes to being real on the internet. From dropping countless stunning no-makeup selfies to showing us that even famous people get the odd spot, the 32-year-old isn't afraid of showing a bit of skin, either.
Most recently, Selena took to the 'gram to drop a 'life lately'-style carousel, which inadvertently debuted her new bouncy bob haircut in the process. "Snap shots this week," she captioned the post, the first of which featured the singer topless and covered by a pink fuzzy blanket. 
But while looking sultry with her subtle smoky eye, the close-up shot showed the cut in its full glory, which she had styled in a voluminous side parting with the rest tucked behind her ears. The second selfie showed Selena from a little further away, still hidden by the luxe fur covering. However, this time, she'd parted her bangs in the middle and slicked them both behind her ears, complete with the ends curled upwards for further bounce.
And then, if fans hadn't been treated enough to Selena's latest look, she decided to drop another singular snap to her Instagram stories - which in the process showed us just how versatile the chic cut is. 
Again, sporting limited makeup and giving that au natural vibe we love her for, she styled the 'do in a just-off middle parting, wearing the heavier bangs curled inwards in front of her face and partially covering one eye. The right side was then curled in a different direction and slicked once more behind her ears.
Arguably thanks to the haircut (and the sweet selfie she shared with her little sister Gracie), Selena's post garnered plenty of love from fans, who dropped compliments like "cute," and "beautiful." Tbh, we'd have to agree.
Sophie Williams is a Freelance Journalist and Copywriter, covering everything from Fashion to Entertainment to music, Lifestyle and Features. She has interviewed a range of musical artists and authors including Alyssa Edwards, Courtney Barnett, Confidence Man, The Vaccines, Loyle Carner, Gabrielle, and John Niven, and has written for publications like Metro, Reader's Digest, ITV's Woo! and Vice’s NBGA. She is also working on a book for HarperCollins about Taylor Swift, due to be published in 2024.  
Best cleansing tools to elevate your cleanse
SPFs that don't leave a white cast on Black skin
Katy's Mad Men-esque fringe is an immediate yes
Legit everything breaks me out, but not these SPFs
This £12 perfume smells exactly like Santal 33
The best Ordinary products based on your skin type
Hairstyles for greasy hair: 13 ways to hide sweaty
Simply six of the best natural deodorants
This is how to tell if your sunscreen has gone bad
Ready to try eyebrow tinting? Right this way...
Simply the best SPF lip balms to protect your pout
Breaking out? It could be due to the hot weather
Cosmopolitan, Part of the Hearst UK Fashion & Beauty Network
Cosmopolitan participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England 112955. All Rights Reserved.