The Only Murders in the Building actor Martin Short is the newest funny person set to be inaugurated as the tiny Southern California town's mayor for the next two years.
His two-year stint as mayor follows big names like Jane Lynch, David Hasselhoff, and Rob Riggle.
In a statement, Short said that as the mayor-elect of Funner, he promised to be more than just a spokesperson dressed in purple from head-to-toe, but instead, the best mayor in the whole darn state.
He added that his goal is to make every part of the already fun Harrah's Resort SoCal even Funner. He noted that he could not wait to share his plans with his constituents in six weeks.
The small town, home to the massive resort, was formally dubbed Funner by the Rincon Tribe in August 2016 and is dedicated to encouraging the greatest fun possible in every business inside the city limits.
As the fourth mayor of Funner, Short will cooperate with the city council, chaired by senior vice president and general manager Jill Barrett of Harrah's Resort SoCal, to increase the fun.
Short will take office on May 13, receive the key to Funner, and announce his plans for the city. He is also required to swear an oath, pledging to protect fun, good times, laughing out loud, and positive vibes from the negative influences determined to turn a smile upside down.
Read Also: Israeli Military Reports Killing 'Significant' Hezbollah Commander Ismail al-Zin in Lebanon Drone Strike
The cast of 'Only Murders in the Building' was thrilled to have Meryl Streep join them, but it also led Short to experience stage fright.
According to The Hollywood Reporter, Steve Martin and Selena Gomez joined Streep and SHort on a For Your Consideration panel on Friday to discuss the upcoming chapter of the popular show and its third season. While Streep spoke about how she got part in the show, WShort opened up about his nervousness about sharing the stage with the Oscar winner.
The actor said it was one of the great thrills of his life. He shared about the first day of shooting, which was rare because he was not brand new and thought he was nervous because he would be working with Streep.
On the show, Streep experienced some anxiety, but none of her co-stars were involved. She portrayed Broadway diva Loretta Durkin and said she was very "nervous" about recording a lullaby she performed that Sara Bareilles had written.
"I just said, 'I can't do it, and I was s---ty, really bad in the beginning, and I thought, 'It's because you're nervous,'" she said. But the Oscar winner eventually got it down and "was great"—but only once people "left the room."
Related Article: Chicago Mayor Under Fire for Lack of Transparency on Homeless Shelter Spending Amid Migrant Crisis