Selena Gomez hit back at her online bullies after being body-shamed over her appearance at the “Emilia Pérez” premiere in Los Angeles.
The “Only Murders in the Building” star, 32, walked the red carpet at the American French Film Festival on Oct. 29 wearing a hip-hugging, long-sleeve black cocktail dress and heels.
Gomez posed with her hand on her stomach in several photos, prompting TikTok users to speculate she was trying to hide her body in a since-deleted post.
The “Love On” singer swiftly took to the comments section to drag the trolls for attacking her weight.
“This makes me sick,” she wrote before explaining, “I have SEBO in my small intestine. It flares up.”
Gomez was referring to small intestinal bacterial overgrowth, which occurs when there is an abnormal increase in the overall bacterial population in the small intestine, according to the Mayo Clinic. It can cause bloating, abdominal pain, weight loss and other uncomfortable symptoms.
The pop star added that she does not care that she does not “look like a stick figure.”
“I don’t have that body. End of story,” she continued. “No I am NOT a victim. I’m just human.”
Gomez, who was diagnosed with lupus around 2013 and got a kidney transplant in 2017, has been open about her ongoing health issues.
In September, the actress revealed she cannot carry children.
“I unfortunately … have a lot of medical issues that would put my life and the baby’s in jeopardy,” she told Vanity Fair.
“That was something I had to grieve for a while.”
Gomez has remained positive and found beauty in knowing that there are “wonderful people” who are willing to do surrogacy or adoption, adding that both are “possibilities” for her.
“It made me really thankful for the other outlets for people who are dying to be moms. I’m one of those people. I’m excited for what that journey will look like, but it’ll look a little different,” she said.
Benny Blanco, who has been dating the “Come & Get It” singer since July 2023, shared on “The Howard Stern Show” in May that he definitely wants to have kids with Gomez.
The “Wizards of Waverly Place” star played coy about the record producer’s comments, telling Vanity Fair, “I was dying laughing [seeing that]. Like, ‘Anything else you wanted to put out there?'”
She did, however, gush over their relationship, calling Blanco, 36, “a light in [her] life.”
 “I’ve never been loved this way. … I love telling him everything,” Gomez said.
Advertisement