Photo: Getty Images
Benny Blanco is thinking about his future, and in it he sees his girlfriend Selena Gomez. 
During a recent radio interview, the music producer revealed that he sees his relationship with the Rare Beauty founder lasting and is even envisioning saying "I do" to his singer girlfriend, per People. When the host complimented Blanco for being "some boyfriend" and "knocking it out the park," while quipping that he is "predicting marriage," Blanco was quick to agree, saying, "You and me both."
However, despite his fast answer, he isn't fully ready for the next step as he doesn't have a ring.
"I don't have anything. I got no shoes on!" he said, laughing, before adding, "I gotta get my act together."
The cookbook author is so serious about his girlfriend that he's even thinking about starting a family, calling it is "next goal" when the radio host assumed he had "no room" in his life for kids, per Entertainment Tonight.
"What do you mean? That's, like, my next goal on the box," he said. "I've got a lotta god kids, I've got a ton of nephews. It's my thing. I love being around kids."
Elsewhere it the interview, Blanco also revealed that he and Gomez have been dating longer than previously thought, sharing that their first anniversary will fall around her birthday in July 22. Gomez confirmed their relationship in a social media post in December 2023, saying he is "my absolute everything in my heart."
"People always said to me, when you know you meet your best friend, she truly is my best friend," Blanco said, adding, "We laugh all f---ing day, she inspires me. I get home from work, I think I had a good day. I'm like, 'What did you do?' 'Oh I just filmed this thing with Meryl Streep and then I went to a fundraiser and now I'm recording.' My day sounds like s--- every day compared to hers."
Even though wedding bells may not be in the near future for the couple, Blanco can't imagine anything better than his "coolest, nicest, sweetest" girlfriend.
"When I look at her ... I'm always just like, I don't know a world where it could be better than this."