There's no better time than the present. 
Getty
 Selena Gomez is feeling the love this Valentine's Day. 

 On Wednesday, the singer-slash-actress publicly declared her love for boyfriend Benny Blanco (born Benjamin Joseph Levin) with a sweet post on social media while the couple celebrated their first-ever Valentine's Day together. In a photo shared to her Instagram Story, Selena — who wore a brown ribbed dress with a mock neckline — flashed the peace sign and stuck out her tongue, as she affectionately leaned into Benny. "I love you," she wrote over the adorable snapshot, adding a white heart for good measure. 

Selena Gomez Instagram
 Benny, for his part, was dressed in a white T-shirt accessorized with gold chains and held up two fingers to his lips.

 Their V-Day celebration came after Selena called Benny her "bes fwend" alongside a slideshow of cute couple photos posted to Instagram that showed them snuggled up the kitchen while coordinating in cozy sweats, as well as a pic of them in hugging in formalwear.

 Back in December, Gomez announced that she had been quietly dating the music producer for six months, revealing that "he is my absolute everything in my heart" and "the best thing that's ever happened to me."

 A source previously told Entertainment Tonight that Selena feels "safe and secure" with Benny. "Benny is a great communicator, is honest and open with Selena, and listens to her. He's respectful, isn't a player, and not in it for the attention or fame," the insider explained. "He doesn't care about any of that and Selena sees that and really trusts him."

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)