The actress spoke about why she hasn’t hid their relationship.
Selena Gomez spent years being publicly single, before revealing her romance of six months with Benny Blanco last December. In the near year since, Gomez has periodically shared photos and videos from their life together. She even described Blanco as the “love of my life” on Instagram. Being that public about her private life has been strategic, she recently told The Hollywood Reporter.
First of all, they are a serious couple, so the public will learn about them one way or another. Gomez admitted, “I guess this is the safest I’ve ever felt in one [a relationship], and I see a future with this person.”
But the move actually gives them more privacy, she explained: “When you put a little bit out there, people are not as hungry to hunt you down. Like, if they hear something, they’re going to, but if you’re like, ‘I did it,’ they’re like, ‘Oh, well there’s you, just going to Sushi Park.’ But there’s so much of my relationship people don’t see, that’s just mine.”
Last night, Blanco appeared on Kai Cenat’s Twitch, where he spoke about his first date with Gomez. He literally didn’t see it coming, because they were longtime friends.
“She asked me out. It was crazy, it was crazy,” he said. “She literally asked me—like, we were just talking, and then she said, ‘You wanna get dinner?’ And I went to the dinner, and I had no idea.” He said he wasn’t nervous because “I’ve been friends with her for years. We’ve been friends for like 10 years plus, maybe 15. I met her when she was like a friend. I met her when she was so much younger.
“We’re close in age, but we were just talking, and then she was like, ‘Oh, let’s go get dinner tomorrow.‘ And I was like, ‘I’m going to this thing with my friends, why don’t you come hang out with me first, then we’ll go link for dinner?
“So we just went and got a drink first, and I didn’t even realize we were on a date. And she was like, ‘I would’ve worn something different to this date.’ And I was like, ‘Wait, what? We’re on a date?’ I had no idea. No idea we were on a date.
“And then she left early because she had to go somewhere to film a video the next day, and then we hung out like two days later, and then I was like, ‘Yo, I think she likes me.’ And then I literally just kissed her, and the rest is history.”
Blanco said that they spend “every day together, like as many days as we can, every day. She’s my best friend. Actual best friend.”
Gomez is one of the 2024 ELLE Women in Hollywood. Read her December cover story here.
All We Know About Selena and Benny’s Wedding Plans
Selena on Getting Rash After First Kiss With Benny
Michelle Obama on Raising Kids in the White House
A Source Debunks Taylor and Travis Rumors
Why Meghan Has Secret Emails for Archie and Lili
All About Blue Ivy Carter 
Watch Rumi Carter Make Her Stage Debut
Ariana Grande and Ethan Slater’s Complete Timeline
Why Meghan Believes Her Love With Harry Will Last
Blake Lively Stepped Out in Two Pastel Looks
A Timeline of Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds’ Love
All About Malcolm, Anya’s Husband
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.