Ellen DeGeneres is in the spotlight again after her old tweet about P Diddy has resurfaced.
Sean 'Diddy' Combs has left fans gobsmacked this week after he was arrested on trafficking charges, with many fans digging up old dirt on the star. One has now tweeted "How is this still up?" in response to Ellen's tribute to him which was first written in November 2016.
The unearthed tweet has now caused quite a stir as Diddy sits behind bars. The tweet that's got everyone talking goes: "Happy birthday, P Diddy, Puff Daddy, Sean Combs, or as I call him, Cuddle McSnugglestuff. You don't need to know why. @iamdiddy."
READ MORE: Selena Gomez recalls weird encounter with P Diddy while dating Justin Bieber
READ MORE: Click for more brilliant Daily Star showbiz stories
And the person who brought it back simply added: "How is this still up?" Sarcastic jibes are flying in the comments section, with one user quipping: "The account manager out of town," and another chiming in: "She better not try to delete this neither."
This blast from the past comes at a time when Combs is locked up, facing serious allegations including sex trafficking and sexual assault. Adding to the drama, an old clip has resurfaced showing Combs joking about getting arrested a full quarter-century before his current predicament. In the throwback interview, the now 54-year-old rap tycoon talked up his legendary 'white parties', which some have called 'freak-off parties'.
These lavish bashes were thrown at his plush pads across the globe, from Beverly Hills to the Hamptons and even the South of France. The guest lists read like a who's who of celeb royalty, with Jay-Z, Jennifer Lopez, Leonardo DiCaprio, Ashton Kutcher, the Kardashians, Paris Hilton, and the late RandB sensation Aaliyah all making appearances.
Back in 1999, Diddy described his notorious bashes as the 'hottest ticket around' and even admitted to a journalist: "They won't even give me a permit for the parties. They don't want me to throw parties no more."
He then declared with his trademark defiance: "But we ain't gonna stop. We're gonna keep having fun, bringing people together from all walks of life. They're going to be shutting them down. They're probably going to be arresting me, doing all types of crazy things, just because we want to have a good time."
In his recent court appearance where he was denied bail despite offering up a whopping $50 million, allegations flew around that Diddy's wild parties were anything but innocent fun. The damning indictment, stretching over 14 pages, accuses the rapper of running a "criminal enterprise" which forced women into lengthy sexual encounters with male sex workers under duress or through intimidation.
Yet, Diddy's legal representative Marc Agnifilo has come out swinging on behalf of the hip-hop mogul, insisting Diddy is wrongly accused and that any antics during these so-called 'Freak Offs' were completely consensual between parties involved.
The Daily Star is now on WhatsApp and we want you to join us!
Through the app, we'll send you the sassiest showbiz stories, some naught headline and a seismic smattering of aliens...along with the latest breaking news of course.
To join our community, all you have to do to join is click on this link, select 'Join Chat' and you're in!
No one will be able to see who has sign up and no one can send messages except for the Daily Star team. We also treat our community members to competitions, special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners.
If you don’t like our community, you can check out any time you like. To leave our community click on the name at the top of your screen and choose Exit group. If you’re curious, you can read our Privacy Notice.
CLICK HERE TO JOIN
Have you joined Threads? Follow Daily Star to keep up to date on all things showbiz here
Want all the biggest Showbiz and TV news straight to your inbox? Sign up for our free Daily Star Showbiz newsletter
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.