It has been a whirlwind year for superstar Taylor Swift, who has made her mark across five continents and 149 sell-out shows with the Eras World Tour. But alongside record-breaking success, the singer-songwriter has also found herself starting a new era in her life with NFL player Travis Kelce.
The Kansas City Chiefs tight end showed something of his charm to Taylor last week, surprising her with a star-studded bash to celebrate the end of her lengthy tour. There, the singer was spotted alongside her new elite coterie of NFL WAGs and elite sports personalities.
At the elite party, billionaire Taylor rubbed shoulders and shared laughter with some of her new besties, Brittany Mahomes and Lyndsay Bell, who are also partners of NFL players. She was wearing a £3000 Balmain black mini dress and could be seen clutching a microphone and wearing sunglasses at points during the star-studded shindig.
Swapping her friends in the music and arts for the world of American Football, Taylor joined Brittany and husband/NFL superstar Patrick Mahomes to mark the end of an era. Alongside Lyndsay, the Sun has described the trio as Taylor's new 'girl squad.'
29-year-old Brittany, who wore a fringed silver dress, is herself a former football player and founder of US' women's team Kansas City Current. While 33-year-old Lyndsay is married to Travis' close teammate, fellow tight end Blake Bell.
Travis, meanwhile, was dressed up to the nines. Wearing a black tailcoat and top hat, he is said to have delivered a speech and raised a toast to his girlfriend's massive success, though his speech was not reported.
Similarly, Patrick Mahomes turned up in a black tuxedo, also with a top hat.
But alongside her new sports friends, Taylor's longtime friend Ashley Avignone, who was introduced through Emma Stone, was also seen celebrating at the exclusive party. She reportedly wore a stuffed snake around her neck, a nod to her friend's "Reputation" era.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.