Daily Mail journalists select and curate the products that feature on our site. If you make a purchase via links on this page we will earn commission - learn more
By CINDY TRAN FOR DAILY MAIL AUSTRALIA  
 Published:  02:46, 11 September 2024   |  Updated:  08:06, 11 September 2024   
 23
View  comments
An Australian mum-of-two behind a celebrity-loved jewellery brand has seen a huge spike in sales after a Netflix star was spotted wearing her earrings.
GIMME Store founder Lydia Kirkland, who grew up in a small country town, says her small business has been struggling to keep up with the surge of orders after Owning Manhattan star Jessica Markowski was seen sporting a pair of Eliza triangle hoop earrings on the streets of New York.
The American real estate broker looked incredibly chic as she accessorised her look with the gold statement earrings.
Despite its chunky size, the gold-plated stainless steel design is lightweight and comfortable to wear - with the brand claiming the earrings are hypoallergenic and tarnish-resistant.
Making them all the more attractive is the affordable price point at just $59.95.
The triangular shaped hoops are said to be a purse-friendly alternative to Selena Gomez's favourite earrings, which costs upwards of $250.
And it isn't just the US reality star turning heads in the brand's now-famous earrings.
Owning Manhattan star Jessica Markowski was spotted wearing a pair of GIMME Store's Eliza triangle hoop earrings on the streets of New York
GIMME Store founder and mum-of-two Lydia Kirkland (pictured) says her small business has been struggling to keep up with the surge of orders
1. Eliza Triangle Hoop Earrings ($59.95)
2. Ally Earrings ($49.95)
3. Lisa Puffy Heart Gold Earrings ($59.95)
4. Penelope Drop Earrings ($59.95)
5. Fleur Statement Flower Earrings ($49.95)
6. Allegra Bow Earrings ($49.95)
GIMME became the star of the show at New York Fashion Week after a number of models were seen flaunting the brand's earrings.
Aussie born US-based model Monica Clarke sported the Amy Rectangle earrings ($49.95) while Charlotte Coquelin sauntered down the runway wearing a pair of Fleur Statement Flower earrings ($49.95).
The Aussie business owner says her brand has experienced a massive increase in sales after the recent celeb sightings in New York.
'Waking up to see all these big name style icons wearing GIMME is a real pinch-me moment for me,' Lydia says.
'I grew up on a farm in the country and am now the mum of two young kids, so the idea of my brand being chosen to be worn by these incredible women is so surreal.
Model Victoria Vesce was seen wearing GIMME's Fleur Statement Flower Earrings
'Over the weekend we've seen an unprecedented spike in website traffic and sales with so many of our pieces now almost sold out.
'We're working around the clock to stock-up and make we have enough pieces for everyone who's fallen in love with them.'
The celebrity-loved brand has amassed a legion of fans Down Under - including the lines of Amy Shark, Abbie Chatfield, Simone Holtznagel, Sally Obermeder, Zoe Marshall, Clementine McVeigh, Ash Pollard and Holly Kingston.
Former Miss Universe Australia Laura Dundovic recently attended an event in Bondi wearing the brand's Peppa Valentine love heart earrings ($59.95).
GIMME's 'most-shopped earrings styles' include Eliza triangle hoop, Allegra bow, Ally, Penelope drop, Lisa Puffy Heart and more.
To shop the GIMME range, click here.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group