If you click on links we provide, we may receive compensation.

A vision in Chloé.
Getty
 Selena Gomez has a talent for spotting and nailing each and every fashion trend that rolls around. She was an early adopter of the Brigitte Bardot thick headband worn on the hairline. She swiftly adopted the structural red carpet gown trend. And now, she's making the case for the return of Boho chic.

 The actor made a surprise appearance at an advance screening of Only Murders in the Building's fourth season last night in Hollywood—and she wore an utterly dreamy Boho dress for the occasion. She wore what appears to be Chloé's Mini Ruffled Dress in Dessert Green as she stepped out on stage alongside her co-stars Steve Martin and Martin Short. She paired the floaty dress with a pair of nude shoes with three buckled straps and she wore her hair down in loose waves.

Instagram/Archive of Gomez
Instagram/Archive of Gomez
 Gomez is only the latest celeb to hop aboard the Boho train. In fact, Boho chic is shaping up to be one of the biggest trends of the summer. Daisy Edgar-Jones donned a series of floaty Chloé looks last month during her press tour for Twisters (the dresses caught the wind perfectly—get it? Twisters?) Earlier this year, Zendaya channelled early 2000s Sienna Miller in a glamorous fringed maxi dress. Kate Hudson wore a series of Boho-inspired bikinis while on vacation in Greece along with a floaty fringed dress while performing on Jimmy Fallon. Meanwhile, Jennifer Lopez went for a crochet maxi dress. And earlier this month, Sydney Sweeney stepped out in the very same Chloé minidress (her's was in the ivory shade) as Gomez wore last night.

Getty
 During her appearance last night, Gomez gushed about the fans of the show in the audience. "I'm very, very, very grateful to all of you," she said on stage. "You're the reason that we're here and the reason we get to do what we love. And I'm so honored that these two wonderful legends [Martin and Short] have just taken me under their wing."

 The trio had appeared together at the OMITB premiere in Los Angeles one night earlier. At that event, Gomez wore a bedazzled LBD and opened up about feeling "hope and joy" with regards to life career and relationship with Benny Blanco.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)