This week in publishing news: Prescription Songs signs Tobias Wincorn, Low Profile launches a publishing division and more.

													By
												

	Kristin Robinson

Senior Writer

Livelihood Music Company has brought on three-time Grammy-nominated hitmaker Ali Tamposi as a principal. In this role, she will join fellow songwriters JKash and Michael Pollack at the helm of the new independent music publisher. Tamposi has penned some of the biggest pop hits of the 21st century, including “Stronger (What Doesn’t Kill You)” by Kelly Clarkson, “Havana” by Camila Cabello, “Senorita” by Shawn Mendes and Camila Cabello, “Let Me Love You” by Justin Bieber and DJ Snake, “It Ain’t Me” by Selena Gomez and Kygo, “Youngblood” by 5 Seconds of Summer and “Break My Heart” by Dua Lipa. “I’m thrilled to be joining Livelihood Music Company, and expanding my sphere into the role of publisher,” says Tamposi. “Stepping into this new role creates a perfect blend of my two greatest passions – songwriting and motherhood – both requiring continuous nurturing and selfless devotion.”





	
	
		
					Related		
	



















	
	
		
					El Rey Theater in Los Angeles to Be Featured in Tony Hawk Video Game		
	



	04/30/2025	







Iconoclast, an artist and brand development company founded by Olivier Chastan, has acquired the catalog of rapper, singer and actress Eve. This includes her shares of hit singles like “Gangsta Lovin’,” “Love Is Blind” and “Who’s That Girl” among others. More recently, her work inspired a new generation of talent when she was sampled in Central Cee’s 2022 track “Doja.” Henry Root of Smith Entertainment Law represented Iconoclast, with Michael Poster of Michaelman & Robinson, LLP serving as advisor. Wayne Russell and Pippa Wealthall of Massive Management represented Eve in the transaction. Talya Shalsom and Tim Smith of Statham Gill Davies Law, with Benjamin Vermeil of Jab Music also facilitated the deal.




			Trending on Billboard		






Prescription Songs has signed Grammy-winning producer/writer Tobias Wincorn to a global publishing deal. Among Wincorn’s many credits are works released by Fred again.., Missy Elliott, Lizzo, Swedish House Mafia, Fridayy, Jack Harlow, Shenseea, Megan Thee Stallion, and more. Most frequently, he works with Fred again.., Timbaland and Murda Beatz. In addition to his work in the studio, he has also previously worked as an a&r consultant for Crush Music, Seeker Music, and Hipgnosis Songs Group. 

Killphonic Rights, an LA-based rights management company, has partnered with Stilwell Creative Capital. Stilwell is investing $3 million of working capital for a proportional stake of equity in Killphonic. The money will be put towards expanding services for the company’s growing roster of artists, writers, labels and publishers. 

Warner Chappell Music UK has signed Will Manning to a global publishing deal. An award-winning broadcaster, producer and songwriter, Manning was a DJ for stations like KISS FM, BBC 1xtra, The Hits, Capital FM before signing a record deal with RCA last year. Now, he releases his own music and writes with others. This includes his work on the dance banger “Kisses” by BI3ss. 

Low Profile, a music licensing company established by Jen Pearce in 2017, has launched a music publishing division. Its first signees are Thandii, Steady Holiday, Lani Rose, Petite Noir, Kassa Overall and Camp Saint Helene. As the company’s press release states, this new division is “dedicated to providing songwriters with transparent, fair deals and essential resources to help them navigate the intricacies of music publishing.” Among its services, Low Profile offers its clients access to its proprietary Advance Calculator tool to demystify how publishing deals are put together. 

AllTrack, the latest U.S. performing rights organization (PRO), has launched a suite of APIs now-available to platforms like streaming services, UGC platforms, distributor and publishing administrators. The APIs will include a direct single-click PRO registration capability for unaffiliated creators from within a platforms, authentification of songwriters profiles and account details, access to detailed song-level metadata, the ability to display songwriter credits to end users and immediate clearance of performing rights.
Daily newsletters straight to your inbox
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.