Home    Forums    Movies    2025 Oscar Predictions: Best Supporting Actress (Part 9)
GG: Saldaña CC: Grande SAG: Grande BAFTA: ? Right now I don’t think Ariana will even get nominated at BAFTA, so I’m leaning toward some random win or Saldaña. But if Ariana does get nominated, even if she doesn’t win, that’s already a great sign. 
I think Wicked’s top international market is the UK with close to $50 million grossed over there so far. I don’t know if that will translate to a BAFTA nomination for her, but at least it’s performing great there.
Not true. Danielle Brooks was a sole nominee for The Color Purple last year.
Regina King and Angela Bassett were both solo acting nominees.
This isn’t true. If Beale Street Could Talk was up for 3 Oscars: Score, Screenplay and Supporting Actress.
Black Panther Wakanda Forever was up for 5 Oscars, and won in Costume.
Danielle Brooks was a sole nominee, yes, but she was reprising a role in which she already won a Grammy and was nominated for a Tony, a musical version of an Oscar classic, and The Color Purple was likely #11 or #12 in the Best Picture lineup. 
It’s a little bit different… not taking away from the slim chance she can make it, she can. It’s just tight this year.
 This isn’t true. If Beale Street Could Talk was up for 3 Oscars: Score, Screenplay and Supporting Actress. Black Panther Wakanda Forever was up for 5 Oscars, and won in Costume. Danielle Brooks was a sole nominee, yes, but she was reprising a role in which she already won a Grammy and was nominated for a Tony, a musical version of an Oscar classic, and The Color Purple was likely #11 or #12 in the Best Picture lineup. It’s a little bit different… not taking away from the slim chance she can make it, she can. It’s just tight this year. 
Read my post again—there seems to have been some confusion. I specifically noted that Danielle Brooks was a solo nominee overall, and Regina King and Angela Bassett were solo acting nominees. This means I’m aware that the films of the latter two were nominated in other technical categories, but Regina and Angela were the only ones recognized in acting.
I can understand why Danielle Brooks might have an advantage over Danielle Deadwyler, based on some of the reasons you mentioned. However, it’s worth pointing out that just last year, many argued that Brooks would miss out because she would be the sole nominee of her film, and yet she still made it.
Let’s also consider Brian Tyree Henry, who managed to secure a Supporting Actor nomination in his year. He won zero regional critics’ awards (unlike Danielle Deadwyler, who has already collected three wins), and he had no Golden Globe, SAG, or BAFTA nominations. His only major recognition was a Critics’ Choice nomination, and yet he still made it to the Oscars for Causeway. He was the only nominee from his film that year.
All I’m saying is—it’s not impossible for Danielle Deadwyler.
2024 Las Vegas Film Critics Society (LVFCS) 
BEST SUPPORTING ACTRESS, WINNER: 
Zoe Saldana,  Emilia Perez
GG: Saldaña
CC: Grande
SAG: Grande
BAFTA: ?
Right now I don’t think Ariana will even get nominated at BAFTA, so I’m leaning toward some random win or Saldaña. But if Ariana does get nominated, even if she doesn’t win, that’s already a great sign.
i’m thinking felicity jones is winning bafta as of rn. a british actress in a massive bp contender.
that is unless grande or saldaña sweep the major precursors. does that make sense?
FOR YOUR GRAMMYS CONSIDERATION :
MAGDALENA BAY - IMAGINAL DISK
Danielle won AAFCA
Zoe takes Las Vegas
EGOT & Triple Crown of Acting winner, VIOLA DAVIS
2-time Oscar winner, EMMA STONE
Emmy & Tony winner, JODIE COMER
Emmy & Olivier winner, SARAH SNOOK
Oscar & Emmy nominee, SEBASTIAN STAN
OKAYYYY ZOE HERE WE GO
 Zoe is not 100% sweeping. 
Why?
We’ve had many random or undeserving sweeps lately in the acting categories. Voters are quite lazy.
Zoe
Ariana
Danielle
Isabella
Selena
first two are absolute locks there’s no other discussion that needs to happen. Danielle was fantastic and as long as the piano lesson is actually watched she’s gonna get in. Isabella… don’t necessarily want her to be nominated cause she’s literally not in the movie at all, but she will probably get in because of her veteran status. Selena has been campaigning the hardest imo and it’s gonna pay off. She not only coattails off of Zoe, but EP is loved. was doubtful with the terrible reception from critics, but then it received 10 cc nominations. If Selena gets SAG and BAFTA she’s easily locked. she also won’t be stealing any win votes from Zoe so her nomination won’t hurt Zoe it might even better her chances.
Read my post again—there seems to have been some confusion. I specifically noted that Danielle Brooks was a solo nominee overall, and Regina King and Angela Bassett were solo acting nominees. This means I’m aware that the films of the latter two were nominated in other technical categories, but Regina and Angela were the only ones recognized in acting.
I can understand why Danielle Brooks might have an advantage over Danielle Deadwyler, based on some of the reasons you mentioned. However, it’s worth pointing out that just last year, many argued that Brooks would miss out because she would be the sole nominee of her film, and yet she still made it.
Let’s also consider Brian Tyree Henry, who managed to secure a Supporting Actor nomination in his year. He won zero regional critics’ awards (unlike Danielle Deadwyler, who has already collected three wins), and he had no Golden Globe, SAG, or BAFTA nominations. His only major recognition was a Critics’ Choice nomination, and yet he still made it to the Oscars for Causeway. He was the only nominee from his film that year.
All I’m saying is—it’s not impossible for Danielle Deadwyler.
My bad – I did misunderstand! Thanks for clarifying. I don’t think it’s impossible for her either!! I just think its quite tight, and I am led to believe a mix of film visibility & campaigning in the end might outweigh some critics circle choices.
Here are my predictions as of today:
1. Zoe Saldana
2. Ariana Grande
3. Felicity Jones
4. Isabella Rosellini
5. Aunjanue Ellis-Taylor 
6. Margaret Qualley
7. Danielle Deadwyler
8. Selena Gomez
9. Monica Barbaro
A post shared by Emilia Pérez Film (@emiliaperezfilm)

Another Academy member conducting a Q&A for Emilia Pérez. I guess another vote for Zoe and Karla. Actors really like Jacques Audiard.
GG: Saldaña
CC: Grande
SAG: Grande
BAFTA: ?
Right now I don’t think Ariana will even get nominated at BAFTA, so I’m leaning toward some random win or Saldaña. But if Ariana does get nominated, even if she doesn’t win, that’s already a great sign.
What makes you think that Saldana can’t win CC or SAG?
Final ballots go out to CCA Members on Jan 3, 2025 and the deadline for returning final ballots is Jan 10, 2025.
Golden Globe ceremony is on Jan 5th. So, that will give them enough time to copy and paste the GG winners lol
I’m not sure SAG winner translates to Oscar winner this year.
It happens… 
The Sunne in Splendour.
I prefer my roses white
"I want you to know, I will love you as long as I breathe"
Paul Atreides
Ariana Grande for ‘Wicked’ | Conversations at the SAG-AFTRA Foundation  
What a great interview! She’s a natural.
The topic ‘2025 Oscar Predictions: Best Supporting Actress (Part 9)’ is closed to new replies.
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…

				45 mins ago			

				4 mins ago			

				1 hour ago			

				25 mins ago			

				40 mins ago			

				30 mins ago			

				1 hour ago			

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media