Selena Gomez made an appearance on Jimmy Kimmel Live! last night during an evening when Kimmel was off, and her Only Murders in the Building co-star Martin Short filled in. What resulted was an endearing 13-minute interview where Gomez discussed her projects, nearly lost it laughing a couple times, and pretty adorably did Short’s makeup at the end. 
When Short brought up Gomez’s level of fame, Gomez’s facial expression said it all. Short asked how odd it has been to be “this famous” for so long, at only 31 years old.
“I don’t know if it’s odd,” Gomez responded, getting visibly flustered on camera. “I think I just like hanging out with people who don’t treat me like that. You know what I mean? I love you, but even hearing you say that, I’m like, don’t say that. I know you’re doing it for the cameras, I get it.” Short and Gomez have the exchange at the 6:30 mark below:
Gomez also touched on the reboot of Wizards of Waverly Place briefly. “I’m so excited,” she said. “It’s a show that means a lot to me.”
She confirmed she will be making an acting appearance in the pilot. “Yes, I will be in the first episode,” she said. “I’m executive producing it. It brings me to tears because that is the beginning of where I started and to honor it in this way has truly been a blast, and I can’t wait for people to see it. ”
Altogether, the co-stars’ conversation offers a rare look at what Gomez is like when she’s talking to a close friend she admires. It also offers a look at Short in Rare Beauty’s blush. Watch it all above.
See Princess Charlotte’s 10th Birthday Portrait
Blue Ivy Carter Glitters in Gold on Beyoncé’s Tour
Hailey Bieber Steps Out in Archival Gucci
All the Best Photos From Kylie and Timothée’s Date
Shailene and Lucas’s Relationship History
All We Know About Selena and Benny’s Wedding Plans
Selena on Getting Rash After First Kiss With Benny
Michelle Obama on Raising Kids in the White House
A Source Debunks Taylor and Travis Rumors
Why Meghan Has Secret Emails for Archie and Lili
All About Blue Ivy Carter 
Watch Rumi Carter Make Her Stage Debut
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.