The 77th Cannes Film Festival, on now in the south of France, has seen the red carpet transform into a fashion runway. As we watched eagle-eyed for the best-dressed celebrities, what do you know, a bevy of supermodels were seen strutting their stuff. On the red carpet or papped relaxing in the Riveria were names like Heidi Klum, Bella Hadid, Naomi Campbell, Helena Christensen, Carla Bruni, Alessandro Ambrosio, and the supermodel list goes on.
Why were there so many model moments at Cannes? There are two reasons. First, the annual film festival plays host to an endless round of swanky parties and galas—including the annual amfAR Gala, founded by the legendary Elizabeth Taylor to raise funds for AIDS research. Secondly, the world of film and fashion has long enjoyed a romance, and luxury French fashion houses Chanel and Saint Laurent now even produce films. Founded last year Saint Laurent Productions, helmed by creative director Anthony Vaccarello, is set to premiere three films at Cannes. Emilia Perez, starring Selena Gomez and Zoe Saldaña, David Cronenberg's The Shrouds starring Diane Kruger and Parthenope starring Italian actress Luisa Ranieri.
Ahead: All the top model and celebrity style moments on the 2024 Cannes red carpet.
The singer, actress, and beauty mogul is starring in Emilia Perez which received a standing ovation at Cannes. Gomez took to the red carpet in a Saint Laurent black velvet gown with white neckline.
The Brazilian bombshell model who is a regular on the Cannes red carpet shined bright in this strapless silver beaded gown.
The Oscar-winning actress evoked old meets new Hollywood glamour in this dazzling tiered Louis Vuitton plum sequin gown with its dramatic plunging neckline.
The British model certainly made a statement in this offbeat black jumpsuit by Victoria Beckham, which had silver chains cascading down the front.
Moore is certainly enjoying a career and fashion resurgence, we loved her outlandish Met Gala look and now this — the iconic actress wore a custom sand fishtail gown by Schiaparelli that featured a dramatic wing on one side of the bodice.
Hadid flew the flag for this season's sheer naked dress in this brown naked gathered mini by Saint Laurent.
The actress was pure glamour in this gold metallic floor length dress by Louis Vuitton.
The iconic 90s supermodel can rock a red carpet like nobody's business, which she did at Cannes when she repurposed this black sheer Chanel gown that featured mesh cutouts and pearl straps the model originally wore during the label's fall 1996 couture collection.
The eternally beautiful and chic Julianne Moore was all smiles on the red carpet in this green regal strapless dress by Bottega Venetta.
The Somalian-Norweigen slayed on the Cannes red carpet in this ice-blue sculptural creation by Cheney Chan Couture.
© Copyright Fashion Times 2024. All rights reserved.
Your Privacy Rights
The material on this site may not bereproduced, distributed, transmitted, cachedor otherwise used,
except
with the priorwritten permission of Fashion Times.
© 2025 Fashion Times LLC. All Rights Reserved