The actor’s black tie style streak is the gift that keeps on giving
Selena Gomez continues to delight us with her different takes on the traditional suit look.
This year, the Emilia Pérez star has stepped out in everything from a glittering black jumpsuit, to a ribbed white sweater skirt suit with golden buttons, to a glimmering black floor-length gown with a white dress shirt collar and sleeves.
And on Wednesday, she again suited up, this time to attend the Hollywood Reporter’s annual Women in Entertainment Gala in Beverly Hills. Gomez’s look was a luxurious black top and maxi dress set. The jacket top had a romantic off-the-shoulder neckline adorned with a wavy snow-white collar that was mimicked at the sleeves. The piece was held together by a row of large golden buttons that ran down the middle and accented the side pockets.
Gomez carried a quilted black Chanel crossbody bag to go with her sophisticated black-and-white ensemble, and she finished the look with a pair of black suede Camparipearl Mary Jane pumps from Manolo Blahnik. The luxe shoes have stiletto heels, and the top strap is embellished with a white pearl. The actor’s decision to slip into the classic shoes comes as the fashion house celebrates the Mary Jane’s 30th anniversary.
Black suede pointed toe Mary Jane pumps featuring front strap with pearl closure, black grosgrain edging and stiletto high heel.
Upper: 100% kid suede.
Sole: 100% calf leather.
Lining: 100% kid leather.
Heel measures 90 mm.
Italian sizing.
Made in Italy.
Product ID: 424-2022-0001
In the last three decades, the silhouette has become a go-to for celebrities and fashion girls alike—whether in the form of stilettos, block heels, or flats. 
Here, Harper’s Bazaar’s editors have rounded up the best Mary Janes to shop to recreate Gomez’s look and join in celebrating the shoe’s milestone:
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.