ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA - OCTOBER 04: Selena Gomez attends The Inaugural Rare Impact Fund Benefit ... More Supporting Youth Mental Health Hosted by Selena Gomez at Nya Studios on October 04, 2023 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Kevin Winter/Getty Images)
Selena Gomez and Rihanna are two of the most famous and successful women in the world right now. They share many similarities, from topping the Billboard charts to progressing from music and moving into other fields after finding great success. Sometimes, the superstars are compared when it comes to their business chops, and while some people would hate to be matched with anyone else, Gomez doesn’t seem to mind at all.
The singer and actress recently sat down with Time for a cover story on the 100 most influential companies. Gomez is included for her cosmetics brand Rare Beauty, which has been operating for several years, earning praise–and millions in revenue–along the way.
During the conversation, Gomez was asked about how she feels being compared to Rihanna, who is another pop singer who went on to found a hugely successful makeup line, Fenty Beauty. The Rare Beauty creator didn’t hold back when discussing her admiration for her competitor.
"First of all, I'm so honored that I can even be in presence of Rihanna,” Gomez stated when asked what she believes Rare and Fenty Beauty have in common. She smiled at mere mention of the connection, seeming to enjoy the comparison.
Gomez went on to talk about what propels the two women as they work in both entertainment and the cosmetics world. “I think it’s really honestly about putting what we believe behind it,” the Only Murders in the Building actress and producer commented. She then added, “Obviously I can't speak for her, but everything seems so true to who she is.”
The Emmy and Grammy-nominated performer summed up her thoughts on the comparisons between Rihanna and herself by stating, simply, “I am very honored. That’s very flattering.”
Rihanna and Gomez are not the only two people in the entertainment world to launch makeup brands, but they are among the most successful. Fenty Beauty helped make Rihanna into a billionaire, and though it’s sidelined her music career, she’s clearly interested in growing the company as much as she can.
Rare Beauty is younger than Fenty Beauty, but it’s still amassed an incredible following–and an impressive worth. Bloomberg recently valued the company at $2 billion, and reported that the singer is considering selling the line…though so far, no announcements have been made.