Can Cynthia Erivo win the Golden Globe? And is she this year's... America Ferrera? Gold Derby editors and experts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to answer your burning questions of the week on Awards Magnet.
As "Wicked" continues to soar at the box office and generate endless memes, Cynthia Erivo has surged in the Oscar nods and now sits in fifth place in Best Actress. She's basically a lock to get a Golden Globe nomination on Monday for Best Comedy/Musical Actress, but can she actually win? She feels like she would've been as slam dunk winner with the defunct Hollywood Foreign Press Association, but will she be just as, uh, popular with the new and larger pool of Golden Globe voters?
SEE Experts slugfest mailbag: 'Wicked's' color grading, Kate Winslet, and Demi Moore is Margot Robbie?
Meanwhile, one listener posits that Erivo might not be the Margot Robbie of the year but another "Barbie" star: America Ferrera, who was not locked for a nomination but had a major scene that everyone was obsessed with and wound up in the final five. And in the interest of making more comps, maybe another Best Actress contender is the Robbie of the year.
Elsewhere, we discuss the true meaning of antidicting, the Gotham Awards, "Wicked's" National Board of Review wins, and more.
Email your questions to slugfests@goldderby.com.
Timestamps:
Intro - 00:00
"Wicked's" NBR wins - 02:33
Gotham Awards - 07:55
Ariana Grande Critics Choice controversy - 12:46
Cynthia Erivo to win the Golden Globe? - 17:02
Voting bodies' tastes - 20:10
Spite nominations - 25:24
Who would we "Riseborough"? - 30:41
The meaning of antidicting - 32:50
Demi Moore is Sandra Bullock? - 35:51
Cynthia Erivo is America Ferrera? - 39:54
"The Brutalist," "Presumed Innocent," and Elle Fanning - 43:33
"I'm Still Here," Selena Gomez, and Isabella Rossellini - 48:54
Angelina Jolie - 51:35
"Nickel Boys" - 56:50
Disney/Nickelodeon to Oscar pipeline - 59:32
Ralph Fiennes or Joseph Fiennes? - 01:00:40
Our Spotify Wrapped - 01:02:01
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…
Take a trip back to the Academy Awards ceremonies of the recent past with Gold Derby’s Oscars Playback series. Hosts Joyce Eng and Christopher Rosen recap every Oscar ceremony of the 1990s and 2000s. Joyce and Chris tackle the highs and lows of each show and see how the winners aged. It’s a wonderful night for Oscar, whenever you watch!

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media