The best fall nail colors take inspiration from seasonal transitions, and accordingly tend to be warmer, earthier and moodier. You can thank the changing of the leaves and the vampier tones of autumn for some of the most popular hues of the time. Our top picks below include warm espresso brown from OPI, Essie’s shiny silver and Chanel’s seductive burgundy.
The best fall nails colors take inspiration from the changing temps and tend to be warmer, deeper ... More and moodier hues.
“Deep rouges are associated with sensuality and create a decadent, sophisticated nail look,” says nail artist Ami Streets of her prediction for fall’s must-have color. And whether you gravitate toward inky blues or off-the-beaten-path martini green, chances are these bolder choices will be perfectly on-trend right now. So you’re not stumped by the color wall at your next manicure, we asked 10 top nail artists for their take on the best fall nail shades. Read ahead for their recommendations on the coolest hues of the season, from plummy reds to chocolate-y browns.
Chanel
If we had to choose just one, we’d crown burgundy as the nail color of the season. “This cult classic color has reached iconic status over the years and remains highly requested, especially during the autumn and winter seasons,” says Streets, who adds that the “suits-all, statement shade” is best worn on its own, or as a French manicure tip for a subtle yet edgy look. One version of the trend that nail artist Hang Nguyen is still loving is Cherry Mocha, a hue that went viral on TikTok last fall. “This deep burgundy polish with rich purple undertones feels like the perfect color to transition into the cooler months,” she says.  
Amazon
The metallic nail trend is one that keeps giving, with chromed-out and iridescent nails in their many forms proving to be enduringly popular over the last few seasons, says Streets.  To put your own spin on the look, layer chrome powders with seasonal, earthy tones like olive greens and chocolate browns or go full-on party mode with silver nails. “Silver will be the color, especially for end-of-year holiday celebrations,” says nail artist Delphine Aïssi. 
Amazon
Whether a latte, espresso or chocolate color, brown is an evergreen staple for fall.  The rich neutral is perfect for dressing up an outfit, says Aïssi, who loves using deeper shades for a luxurious look. For even more depth, consider layering earthy brown tones with a shimmery varnish on top.
Amazon
If you’re tired of jewel tones and earthy hues, take a break from the mochas and merlots and go with a darker blue. “From deep cobalt to classic navy, blues are a slightly softer alternative to black while still looking elegant,” says Streets. Zoya’s creative director, Rebecca Isa says, “you can make it elegant with a glossy finish or a bit punk with a matte topcoat.”
Target
Animal prints are a classic pattern for fall. “Leopard, zebra or cheetah offer lots of versatility,” says nail artist Tara Haye, so they work with just about any outfit. If you’re not confident in your skills to replicate Haye’s zebra print (though she makes it look so easy), try Olive & June’s press on nails that come with the design ready to go.
Amazon
If you loved gauzy jelly nails this spring, you don’t have to retire the translucent polishes just yet. To make them work for fall, update your palette with darker sheer colors like the ‘toffee nails’ look celebrity nail artist Tom Bachik recently created for Selena Gomez. Bachik recommends using “high-gloss semi sheer fall shades that look like candy, such as toffee, butterscotch and caramel.”
Glamnetic 
Maximalist nails embellished with everything from rhinestones to 3D fruits aren’t going anywhere. For New York-based nail artist Jenny Bui, aka the “Queen of Bling,” her current favorite look for fall is a burgundy base embellished with 3D flowers and gold accents. “Gold and burgundy complement each other beautifully, and the 3D flowers with bling add a touch of elegance and sophistication,” she says. This press-on set from Glamnetic achieves a similar effect in a more subtle way with its night sky theme.
JINsoon
If sparkle and shimmer aren’t your thing, matte nails are trending this fall, too. “The velvety texture adds a cozy vibe that perfectly complements the layered look of the season,” says celebrity nail artist Jin Soon Choi, adding that deep, earthy shades and neutral colors look especially stunning with a matte finish. Want to add a hint of glam? “Pair matte with metallic finishes for a vintage-inspired chrome effect,” she says.
CND
Yellow-toned shades of green—think olive and khaki—are the perfect way to transition out of brat summer with a similar look. Celebrity nail artist Julie Kandelac is a fan of these unusual avocado-esque colors, recommending them for a short and square or coffin-shaped nail.
Londontown
“Deep forest green, midnight blue and plum purple—I love any color that’s almost black for the season,” says nail artist Sonya Meesh. Although these shades work for all skin tones and nail shapes, the expert recommends them on shorter nails, saying, “there’s something so edgy, yet sophisticated about that combination.” 
At Forbes Vetted, the beauty and grooming team regularly tests and stays on top of the latest releases for all categories of beauty products, including nail care. Some nail-specific articles we’ve published lately include the best press-on nails and the best nail polish brands.
For this list of the best nail polish trends, we evaluated trend forecasts on dozens of top brand sites, interviewed top nail artists, studied runway reports and combed through nail expert recommendations online.