There's about to be another vacancy at Firehouse 51.
Chicago Fire star Eamonn Walker—who has been portraying Wallace Boden since the NBC series' inception—will be leaving the show after 12 seasons, according to multiple outlets.
While news of the departure comes three weeks before the firefighting drama's season 12 finale, titled "Never Say Goodbye," fans will breathe a sigh of relief to know that Walker's character is not being killed off. Instead, per Deadline and The Wrap, the beloved fire chief is still expected to make appearances in a recurring capacity, as it was reportedly the actor's personal decision to scale back from his series regular role.
Still, Boden has been a beloved figurehead in the Chicago Fire Department. The character—who has also appeared on the Chicago P.D. and Chicago Med spinoffs—started out as Chief of Battalion 25 when the show premiered back in 2012. He was promoted to Deputy District Chief during season 10 and is currently in the running to be Deputy Fire Commissioner.
Walker's exit from Chicago Fire follows Kara Killmer's mid-season final bow in February, when her character Sylvie Brett tied the knot Matthew Casey—played by Jesse Spencer, who left the series in 2021 during season 10—and moved to Oregon.
"If you told me when I started that Sylvie would end up with Casey," Kilmer said in a promo video at the time, "I'd be like, 'Absolutely not, that would be so cool.'" 
In March, newcomer Rome Flynn announced his departure following six episodes, with his firefighter character Derek Gibson seeking treatment for a drug addiction.
"Just like all the fans, I was sad to see Gibson leave," he told Variety. "He was a character I very much enjoyed playing. I had a wonderful experience during my time on Chicago Fire and have great respect for the cast and crew and hope to team up with Dick Wolf again when the time is right." 
Chicago Fire has been renewed for a 13th season, though a premiere date has not been announced.
To find out when your favorite shows are coming back, keep reading.
Virgin River (Netflix) - Dec. 19
This sixth season promises fresh twists and turns, escalating love triangles, delightful wedding drama, as well as uncovered secrets from Mel’s father’s past which will transport us to the magic and mystique of Virgin River in the 1970s.
Laid (Peacock) - Dec. 19
In the new series, a woman finds out her former lovers are dying in unusual ways and must go back through her sex timeline to confront her past in order to move forward. Laid is a f--ked up rom-com where the answer to “why can’t I find love, is there something wrong with me?” is a resounding “Yes. There is. The problem is definitely you.”
Ilana Glazer: Human Magic (Hulu) - Dec. 20
The Broad City alum tackles everything from motherhood to being a stoner in her new stand-up special.
Josh Groban & Friends Go Home for the Holidays (CBS) - Dec. 20
Hosted and executive produced by Josh Groban, the special features a new format combining compelling stories, music, comedy and a live adoption on stage, celebrating the creation of a new family. Musical performances include holiday classics, new releases and original duets with Groban and his guests, including James Bay, Jennifer Hudson, Tori Kelly and The War And Treaty.
2024 Back That Year Up with Kevin Hart and Kenan Thompson (Peacock) - Dec. 23
2024 Back That Year Up With Kevin Hart and Kenan Thompson returns for a third annual special highlighting the biggest moments of the year. The comedic duo will close out the year with their unfiltered humor as they recap the past year of pop culture, sports, social media and politics. The special will feature guest appearances from the year’s most talked about celebrities, including Nate Bargatze, Mookie Betts, Kenny G, Blake Griffin, Jon Hamm, Jonquel Jones, Seth Meyers, mgk and Rashida ‘Sheedz’ Olayiwola. 
The Flipping El Moussas (HGTV) - Dec. 26
Real estate power couple Tarek and Heather Rae El Moussa will continue to grow their working relationship while juggling the addition of a rambunctious toddler to their busy family life in the newest season of their follow-doc series.
The season will kick off in Hawthorne, California, where Tarek and Heather Rae tackle their most extreme flip project to date.
Squid Game 2 (Netfix) - Dec. 26
Three years after winning Squid Game, Player 456 gave up going to the states and comes back with a new resolution in his mind. Gi-hun once again dives into the mysterious survival game, starting another life-or-death game with new participants gathered to win the prize of 45.6 billion won. 
(E! and NBC are both part of the NBCUniversal family.)
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.