“Law and Order: Special Victims Unit” star Mariska Hargitay said she was a “victim of secondary trauma” after more than two decades of playing in the legal drama series.
“When I started the show, I wasn’t aware of how deeply it would go into me,” she said. “My husband Peter is always like, anytime I go anywhere, my first question is, ‘What’s the crime rate here?’ So it’s on the brain.
“There’s been times when I didn’t know how to protect myself, and I think I was definitely a victim of secondary trauma from being inundated with these stories and knowing that they were true. Those were the parts that I didn’t know how to metabolize, just because of the sheer volume of it.”
Hargitay debuted as Detective Olivia Benson on “Law and Order: Special Victims Unit” during its premiere in 1999. On the show, she joins other detectives as they investigate and prosecute sexual crimes that were “ripped” from real headlines.
Hargitay’s experience on the show led her to create a nonprofit to provide support to victims of abuse.
“That’s also why I started Joyful Heart [Foundation], so I would feel like, well, at least I’m doing something about it,” she said.
Created in 2004, the Joyful Heart Foundation seeks to “transform society’s response to sexual assault, domestic violence, and child abuse.”
Speaking on the balance of motherhood and acting, Hargitay discussed how she has integrated her children into her demanding schedule, which has led to a “happier” and “fuller” life.
“There’s been so many times where I’m torn or frustrated because in our jobs, you can’t say, ‘Guys, I’m not coming in today.’ But I’ve integrated them here,” she said. “My kids come to work with me. Are there things I miss? Yeah. The flip side is that my kids are really proud of me.”
“There were days where the nanny did a little extra, and that was hard,“ she added. ”But I brought [my oldest son] to work with me every day for the first year. And you can, too. It’s doable. I am happier and living a fuller life, and they feel that and see that. And when I’m with them, I’m with them,” she continued.
After 25 years on “Law and Order,” with season 26 on the way, Hargitay said she can hardly believe how much time has passed.
Hargitay has appeared in several shows such as “Freddy’s Nightmares,” “All American Girl,” “Baywatch,” “Gabriel’s Fire,” and “Thirtysomething.” She also had a recurring role as police officer Angela Garcia in “Tequila and Bonetti” and as Detective Nina Echeverria in the short-lived “Prince Street.”
However, Hargitay is best-known for her role as Detective Olivia Benson on NBC’s “Law and Order: Special Victims Unit.” Hargitay won an Emmy and Golden Globe Award for her performance on the show.
Hargitay married actor Peter Hermann in 2004, and they have three children together, two of whom were adopted.