One former Disney star was “gutted” that he missed out on a specific category when nominated for a coveted adult film award.
Dan Benson, who played Zeke Beakerman in Wizards of Waverly Place opposite Selena Gomez, ditched mainstream acting work in 2018 to pursue a raunchy career in the XXX-rated film industry. A far cry from his roles in everything from Phil of the Future to Rick and Morty, he signed up for an OnlyFans account and amassed a huge following.
Now Dan has been nominated for a gong at the sixth annual Pornhub Awards. He’s up for a Fan Voting trophy in the Social Media Personality category, going up against stars like Cherie DeVille, Emma Rose and Ricky Johnson.
READ MORE: My 600lb Life star strips off to show ‘real body’ after eye-watering weight loss
READ MORE: Want more showbiz? Daily Star has just the thing for you!
Sharing the good news to his Instagram account, Dan told fans: “Well this happened today. I am just a bit hurt I didn’t make the Big D*** category… LOL [just kidding] pleaseeeee vote for me. If I win I will donate $5,000 to charity. Not joking. If I lose I’ll still donate the money but still… just vote for me anyway.”
Fans were quick to congratulate Dan, with one writing: “So excited for you, and it’s pretty cool that you’re almost the only male in the category.” Another echoed: “You didn’t make the BD category because yours is in a category all its own. There is no competition.”
Someone else echoed: “Congratulations!” while other fans branded Dan a “sweetheart” and referred to his Disney character, quipping: “Zeke, god damn it!”
Despite working his way up in the porn industry, there is one thing Dan will never do on camera. He specialises in bondage-themed snaps and videos, and says he mainly caters to gay men. He told Page Six: “I am straight but I’m very comfortable making content for gay men. I specifically make content for gay men.”
He explained: “But I’m not going to have sex with men on camera because everyone wants to see it.” His racy career began when nudes of Dan leaked online from someone on Snapchat, and he decided to turn the tide and own his naked body.
For more of the latest showbiz news from Daily Star, make sure you sign up to one of our newsletters here.
Asked on the Vulnerable podcast about his most common requests, Dan revealed there are “as vulgar as you would expect”. He said: “Lots of people want me to pee on them which is not even that crazy, but a lot of people just want to know how my socks smell.
"I created a foot-specific OnlyFans because I didn't realise the foot fetish thing is massive. Some guys want their balls stepped on and told they're a good boy. I was not into BDSM at all before I started OnlyFans and now I'm kind of into it.”
Follow Daily Star on Threads here.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.