In recent years it's become commonplace for A-list Hollywood stars to dip their toes in television, earning acclaim and awards attention for bringing their star power to the small screen. The slate of 2024 Emmy nominees included Oscar winners Robert Downey Jr., Jodie Foster, Brie Larson, Gary Oldman, Meryl Streep and Reese Witherspoon. Former Academy Award nominees in contention were Lily Gladstone, John Hawkes, Diane Lane, Lesley Manville, Jonathan Pryce, Imelda Staunton, and Naomi Watts.
As the line between movie and TV stars continues to blur, it's no surprise that some of television's most recognizable faces are making waves on the big screen in 2024. Scroll through our gallery of the Top 20 TV stars jockeying for 2025 Oscar nominations, above.
Topping our list is Mikey Madison, who had her television breakout on the FX series “Better Things” opposite Pamela Adlon and later starred in feature films like the Oscar-winning “Once Upon a Time in Hollywood” and box office hit “Scream” (2022). But “Anora” is her lead actress breakthrough and is expected to land the young star her first-ever Oscar nomination.
Colman Domingo is an Emmy Award winner for “Euphoria” and 2024 Oscar nominee for “Rustin.” In 2025 Domingo is expected to be back in Best Actor contention for his heartbreaking work in the A24 drama “Sing Sing.”
In his first onscreen role after winning an Emmy Award for the final season of “Succession,” Kieran Culkin has drawn rave reviews and Oscar buzz. He plays the ne’er-do-well cousin of Jesse Eisenberg’s lead character in “A Real Pain,” Eisenberg’s thoughtful drama that Searchlight will release later this year.
Selena Gomez got her start as an actor on children’s television shows like “Barney and Friends” and “The Wizards of Waverly Place.” But most grownups now know her for her deft comedy skills on the Hulu hit “Only Murders in the Building.” Gomez landed her first-ever Emmy Award nomination for acting this year and could find herself as a first-time Oscar nominee for her work in “Emilia Perez.”
Scroll through the gallery above (or click here for direct access) to see 20 of your favorite TV stars seeking Oscar gold in 2025.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…
Take a trip back to the Academy Awards ceremonies of the recent past with Gold Derby’s Oscars Playback series. Hosts Joyce Eng and Christopher Rosen recap every Oscar ceremony of the 1990s and 2000s. Joyce and Chris tackle the highs and lows of each show and see how the winners aged. It’s a wonderful night for Oscar, whenever you watch!

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media