Nominations for the 75th Primetime Emmy Awards caused a lot of controversy, with some iconic shows and popular actors finding themselves snubbed.
There were some familiar names included in the nominations, with hit HBO show Succession leading the way with a whopping 14 acting nominations. It's also a contender to take home the prize for Outstanding Drama Series.
The Bear, Ted Lasso and The White Lotus are also tipped to win big at the ceremony. However, stars such as Selena Gomez, Helen Mirren, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle won't be taking home an Emmy Award as they were snubbed from the nominations. Here, we've taken a look at some of the worst snubs at the 2024 Emmy Awards.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Barbie and The Last of Us lead Screen Actors Guild Awards 2024 nominations
The Duke and Duchess of Sussex caused a stir when they released their Netflix docuseries, titled Harry & Meghan, in December 2022. In the show, the couple opened up about their time in the Royal Family.
Harry detailed the breakdown of his relationship with his brother Prince William and claimed he left him terrified after he screamed and shouted at him during the Sandringham summit. Harry also alleged members of Kensington Palace had then "lied to protect my brother". The Duke of Sussex also took aim at his dad, King Charles and discussed the tense Megxit crisis meeting held with the Queen in January 2020.
The documentary broke streaming records and became the biggest Netflix documentary debut, with a total 81.6 million hours watched on its first four days of release. It was also nominated for the Hollywood Critics Awards in the Best Streaming Nonfiction category.
Fans were left devastated last year when it was announced Yellowstone would be officially coming to an end after five seasons. The hit drama - which followed the Dutton family - debuted in 2018 and had several spin-off shows including 1883.
Chris McCarthy, president and CEO of Showtime and MTV Entertainment Studios confirmed the news in a statement, as he revealed a sequel is in the works. "Yellowstone has been the cornerstone on which we have launched an entire universe of global hits — from 1883 to Tulsa King.
"I am confident our Yellowstone sequel will be another big hit, thanks to the brilliant creative mind of Taylor Sheridan and our incredible casts who bring these shows to life." David Glasser, CEO of 101 Studios, added: "The Dutton story continues, picking up where Yellowstone leaves off in another epic tale.
"We are thrilled to bring this new journey to audiences around the world." While it might have been the last chance for Yellowstone to take home an Emmy Award, it seems it wasn't meant to be.
After spending decades away from the small screen, Harrison Ford returned to TV in 2023 with the Apple TV+ comedy Shrinking. The show follows grieving therapist Jimmy Laird (Jason Segel) as he embarks on a mission to let his patients know exactly how he feels about their problems.
Harrison plays Jimmy's co-worker Dr Paul Rhoades. Despite Shrinking being a big change for Harrison, it wasn't enough to get him a recognition from the TV Academy.
Viewers fell in love with Only Murders in the Building and have been hooked on the show for the past three seasons. But despite being the star of the show, Selena Gomez missed out on a nomination in the 75th Primetime Emmy Awards.
Not only did Selena get snubbed from the awards, her co-star Steve Martin was also missed off the list. Steve was nominated for several Emmy Awards for his work on the show in 2022.
However, it's not all doom and gloom for the Only Murders in the Building cast. Martin Short has been nominated for Best Actor in a Comedy Series.
Yellowstone fans were hooked on the show's prequel, 1923. The western drama starred Helen Mirren as Cara Dutton and followed the Dutton family in 1923, during a time of various hardships including Prohibition, drought, and the early stages of the Great Depression.
Helen has won a lot of awards throughout her long career, including five Emmy Awards. However, she won't be adding to that list this year as she was left off the nominations list.
Bad Sisters hasn't been completely snubbed from this year's Emmy Awards, with co-creator and star Sharon Horgan receiving a Drama Actress nomination. However, the BAFTA- winning show has no nominations itself for its debut season.
The comedy series, which debuted in August 2022, had rave review from fans as it followed the Garvey sisters following the premature deaths of their parents. Instead, Abbott Elementary, Barry, The Bear, Jury Duty, The Marvelous Mrs Maisel, Only Murders in the Building, Ted Lasso, Wednesday have been nominated for Best Comedy series.
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.