By 

	Emiliana Betancourt


	If you purchase an independently reviewed product or service through a link on our website, Variety may receive an affiliate commission.

	“Wizards Beyond Waverly Place” is now streaming, so if you’re looking to satisfy some old Disney nostalgia or introduce new family members to the wizarding family that put Selena Gomez on the map, Disney+ is the platform to visit. 

	Twelve years after the “Wizards of Waverly Place” finale, this reboot follows Justin Russo (reprised by David Henrie), who is now a vice principal living in Staten Island with his family. He is married to Giada (Mimi Gianopulos) and they have two children, Roman (Alkaio Thiele) and Milo (Max Matenko). Retired from the world of magic, Russo chose to keep his powers a secret from his family. Yet, on his 34th birthday his sister, the fan favorite Alex Russo (Gomez), unexpectedly drops off Billie (Jannice LeAnn Brown), a rebellious 12-year-old wizard in need of a mentor, in his care.

	










			Popular on Variety		







	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					State of the Video Game Industry: A Special Report		
			








	In her review of the reboot, Variety TV critic Aramide Tinubu writes that the show “has its own flair.” “Still,” she continues, “the comedy pays homage to the previous show and offers new and unique storylines for a new generation.”

	The show premiered last Tuesday with two episodes, releasing two more on Wednesday. The remaining six episodes will be released every Friday at 8 p.m. ET through Nov. 22. 

	The show broadcasts on Disney but cable-cutters can stream new episodes as soon as they release on Disney+. Ad-free plans start at $9.99/month. The platform also offers bundles with Hulu and ESPN. The ad-supported Disney/Hulu duo plan costs $10.99/month, and the trio basic package starts at $16.99/month.

	The platform also includes the original “Wizards of Waverly Place.”

	Stream “Wizards Beyond Waverly Place on Disney+ below:
The Business of Entertainment