In a recent cover story for Vanity Fair, Selena Gomez expressed her desire to start a family one day, acknowledging that her path to motherhood may not follow the traditional route.
“I have a lot of medical issues that would put my life and the baby’s in jeopardy.”
The “Only Murders in the Building” star—who is currently in a relationship with record producer Benny Blanco—said she spent time grieving over her inability to bear children.
However, she noted that she is now “in a much better place,” especially given the fact that there are many childbearing alternatives available to her.
“I find it a blessing that there are wonderful people willing to do surrogacy or adoption, which are both huge possibilities for me,” said Gomez, whose mother, Mandy Teefey, was adopted.
“It made me really thankful for the other outlets for people who are dying to be moms. I’m one of those people.
“That’s what my break was really about. I could’ve had a stroke,” she said. “I locked myself away until I was confident and comfortable again.”
Although the exact cause of lupus is unknown, common symptoms include extreme fatigue; pain or swelling of the joints, hands, or feet; headaches; chest pain; and hair loss, among others.
Predominantly affecting women in their childbearing years, lupus may also affect fertility and increase the likelihood of complications during pregnancy, such as blood clots, premature birth, delayed growth, miscarriage, and stillbirth.
In September 2017, Gomez took to Instagram to reveal that she had undergone a kidney transplant due to damage caused by her lupus.
In her post, Gomez shared that her friend Francia Raisa—an actress known for her roles in “Dirty Lies,” “Black-ish,” and “Grown-ish”—had been her kidney donor.
“There aren’t words to describe how I can possibly thank my beautiful friend Francia Raisa,” she penned.
“She gave me the ultimate gift and sacrifice by donating her kidney to me. I am incredibly blessed. I love you so much sis. Lupus continues to be very misunderstood but progress is being made.”
Gomez has also been forthcoming about her mental health struggles, which she candidly explored in her 2022 documentary, “My Mind & Me.”
“I think the moment I did that I felt this insane amount of release because there wasn’t any hiding any anymore,” she said. “It’s helped release a lot of anxiety.”
Elaborating on her mental health journey, Gomez said her documentary chronicled “one of the hardest moments” of her life.
“I had to hit my rock bottom and I had to do it at my time,” she said. “I took a couple of tries, but I'd like to think and hope that I’m in a much better place now.”