ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA - DECEMBER 03: Selena Gomez attends the 3rd Annual Academy Museum Gala at ... More Academy Museum of Motion Pictures on December 03, 2023 in Los Angeles, California. Last week, Selena Gomez only filled one spot on the U.K.'s Official Vinyl Singles chart, with "Wolves" with Marshmello. Now, both "Fetish" and "Bad Liar" are back as well. (Photo by Kevin Winter/WireImage,)
Selena Gomez is not focused on music at the moment, as her acting career is taking off in a huge way. Between the runaway success of Only Murders in the Building and her Oscar contender Emilia Pérez, the superstar is busy promoting, campaigning, and finding her next role.
While she may not be devoting as much of her time to music as she used to, Gomez’s fans are still consuming the music she made, which ensured she became a household name. Several of her older favorites are still charting in the U.K., and this week, the singer manages an impressive display of ongoing popularity on one tally.
Gomez triples her total number of current hits on the Official Vinyl Singles chart this week. Last frame, she only filled one space on the list of the bestselling tunes on wax in the United Kingdom, but as two of her biggest smashes return to the tally, she’s improved her showing considerably.
Notably, Gomez’s sole holdover is her lowest-charting hit at the moment. “Wolves,” a collaboration with electronic dance producer Marshmello, falls from No. 24 to No. 37. It’s beaten by the singer and actress’ two comebacks, which land fairly high for years-old pop cuts.
“Fetish” is back at No. 27 on the Official Vinyl Singles chart. That tune also credits rapper Gucci Mane, who helped it become a hit more than half a decade ago. Her own “Bad Liar” isn’t far behind, as it re-enters the tally at No. 34.
All three of Gomez’s current wins on the vinyl ranking have previously climbed into the top 10. “Bad Liar” is the biggest hit of the bunch, as it stalled at No. 4. “Fetish” only missed matching that showing by one space, as it rose to No. 5. “Wolves” peaked at No. 8.
All three tracks are also present on another, closely related chart as well. “Fetish,” “Bad Liar,” and “Wolves” appear on the Official Physical Singles chart, which is usually heavily influenced by the bestselling vinyl songs, as purchases of individual tunes on CD or cassette—two other prominent physical options—aren’t nearly as popular as they once were.