Wizards of Waverly Place star Dan Benson has been cut from the series reboot.
The actor spoke to TMZ and told the publication: “I think that it’s super exciting that the fans get to relive their childhood again and the old characters that they used to love watching are coming back, I loved the premise! The new idea that they’ve got for the show. The other side of me is sad because I know for a fact that I will definitely not be a part of it.”
READ MORE: Kim Kardashian selling G-string so skimpy it 'won't cover anything' in the front
READ MORE: Selena Gomez accepts weight gain and says she will 'never look like' former self
Dan laughed as he admitted it is “totally on him” as he works as an adult content creator. Benson said he “gets” the reason why he won’t be returning and continued: “I made choices, I put the chance of bringing back the character I played away when I decided to go along this path of being an adult content creator and I get it.”
The former Disney actor confessed he is “super conflicted” over the decision and “on one hand he is happy,” but on the other he is disappointed, which has left him with a “mix of emotions”.
Dan added: “Do I think that by me doing porn made it so that I can’t bring my character back? Yes. The short answer is yes. I think that I put them in a situation where they don’t have a choice. They can’t reasonably bring back my character without bringing back all of the weight that my personal life, personal choices have…it’s crazy to be an adult content creator, and crazy to do it so publicly and to be a former child actor from a Disney Channel show.”
He said that he “likes to imagine the first meeting they had about the show” and pretend that “someone didn’t know,” so they suggested bringing back Dan’s character. Benson said that he “hopes it doesn’t suck” and that the “new show captures the amazing, magical years that they had together creating the show”.
Benson added that the fans are “excited about the remake” and there is “so much potential” in the project.
Have you joined Threads? Follow Daily Star to keep up to date on all things showbiz here
For more of the latest showbiz news from Daily Star, make sure you sign up to one of our newsletters here.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.