By EVE BUCKLAND FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  19:29, 8 January 2024   |  Updated:  20:29, 8 January 2024   
 1
View  comments
Barry Keoghan has revealed he loved going nude for his shock scene in Saltburn after the star attended the 2024 Golden Globes on Sunday.
Keoghan, 31, stunned fans when he went fully naked in a graphic scene dancing around a mansion to Murder On The Dancefloor as his character Oliver Quick celebrates securing the Catton fortune and Saltburn estate after murdering numerous people.
Speaking to TMZ,  the star waxed lyrical about baring all in the film, joking that he 'can't listen' to the Sophie Ellis-Bextor track as he 'just starts to undress.'
He also declared 'I loved it' about stripping off for the scene.
Barry lost out on an award to Oppenheimer's Cillian Murphy, 47, who scooped Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Motion Picture.
Barry Keoghan has revealed he loved going nude for his shock scene in Saltburn after the star attended the 2024 Golden Globes on Sunday
Keoghan, 31, stunned fans when he went fully naked in a graphic scene dancing around a mansion to Murder On The Dancefloor as his character Oliver Quick celebrates securing the Catton fortune and Saltburn estate after murdering numerous people
Released on November 17, Saltburn centers around Oxford scholarship holder, Oliver and his infatuation with his upper-class friend Felix (played by Jacob Elordi.)
Oliver struggles to fit in with the super wealthy crowd that study at the elite university, however Felix soon takes him under his wing.
Sought-after Felix eventually invites down on his luck Oliver to stay at his illustrious Saltburn mansion for the Summer, igniting a season of eccentricity, partying and chaos - as well as an obsession from the latter to the former.
In an interview with Entertainment Weekly in November, Barry described the scene as embracing 'full confidence'.
He said: 'It's ownership. This is my place. It's full confidence in, "I can do what I want in this manor. I can strip to my barest and waltz around because this is mine".'
Barry added that he didn't feel comfortable from the get go, but he eventually came to grips with the scene, doing 11 takes. 
'After take one, I was ready to go. I was like, "Let's go again. Let's go again." You kind of forget, because there's such a comfortable environment created, and it gives you that license to go, "All right, this is about the story now."'
Keoghan has revealed his grave scene was improvised and left director Emerald Fennell forced to clear set while he 'unzipped and let his body lead the way'
With its fair share of controversial scenes, Saltburn has been the movie on the tip of many tongues over the past couple of weeks 
A number of scenes in Emerald Fennell's explosive thriller Saltburn have set the internet ablaze, including the bath moment and the 'vampire sex'. 
Yet one scene appears to be setting tongues wagging the most - when  Keoghan's character Oliver Quick stimulates sex with the grave of his murdered best friend Felix Catton.
In the wake of the explosive response, Barry has spoken out about the troubling moment in which he pulls down his trousers and grinds on Felix's grave and revealed the incredible news that the sex was never in the original script. 
Director Emerald, 38, revealed they added the disturbing moment later on, meaning she was forced to clear the set as Barry 'unzipped' and 'let his body lead the way'. 
Barry revealed: 'On paper, he wasn’t written to do that. But I wanted to see what actually happened, where I would take it. I wanted to be confused and let my body lead the way. What am I doing? How can I get closer?'
Best Motion Picture - Drama
Anatomy of a Fall
Killers of the Flower Moon
Maestro
Oppenheimer - WINNER
Past Lives
The Zone of Interest 
Oppenheimer earned top prize Best Motion Picture - Drama (Christopher Nolan and Emma Thomas are pictured)
Best Motion Picture - Animated
The Boy and the Heron - WINNER
Elemental
Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse 
Suzume
The Super Mario Bros. Movie
Wish  
Best Motion Picture – Non-English Language
Anatomy of a Fall - WINNER
Fallen Leaves
Io Capitano
Past Lives
Society of the Snow
The Zone of Interest
Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Motion Picture – Drama
Andrew Scott - All of Us Strangers 
Barry Keoghan - Saltburn
Bradley Cooper - Maestro
Cillian Murphy - Oppenheimer - WINNER
Colman Domingo - Rustin
Leonardo DiCaprio - Killers of the Flower Moon
Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy
Jeffrey Wright - American Fiction
Joaquin Phoenix - Beau is Afraid
Matt Damon - Air
Nicolas Cage - Dream Scenario
Paul Giamatti - The Holdovers - WINNER
Timothée Chalamet - Wonka
Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Supporting Role in any Motion Picture
Charles Melton - May December
Mark Ruffalo - Poor Things
Robert De Niro - Killers of the Flower Moon
Robert Downey Jr. - Oppenheimer - WINNER
Ryan Gosling - Barbie
Willem Dafoe - Poor Things
Cillian Murphy and Robert Downey Jr. both earned Best Performance by a Male Actor and Actor in a Supporting Role in a Motion Picture for Oppenheimer, respectively
Best Screenplay - Motion Picture
Greta Gerwig and Noah Baumbach - Barbie
Tony McNamara - Poor Things
Christopher Nolan - Oppenheimer
Eric Roth and Martin Scorsese - Killers of the Flower Moon
Celine Song - Past Lives
Justine Triet and Arthur Harari - Anatomy of a Fall - WINNER
Best Original Song - Motion Picture
Addicted to Romance - She Came to Me - Bruce Springsteen
Dance the Night - Barbie - Mark Ronson, Andrew Wyatt, Dua Lipa, Caroline Ailin
I'm Just Ken - Barbie - Mark Ronson, Andrew Wyatt
Peaches - The Super Mario Bros. Movie - Jack Black, Aaron Horvath, Michael Jelenic, Eric Osmond, John Spiker
Road to Freedom - Rustin - Lenny Kravitz
What Was I Made For? - Barbie - Billie Eilish, Finneas O'Connell - WINNER
Best Television Series - Musical or Comedy
Abbott Elementary
Barry
The Bear - WINNER
Jury Duty
Only Murders in the Building
Ted Lasso 
Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Television Series – Drama
Bella Ramsey - The Last of Us
Emma Stone - The Curse
Helen Mirren - 1923
Imelda Staunton - The Crown
Keri Russell - The Diplomat
Sarah Snook - Succession - WINNER
Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Television Series – Musical or Comedy
Ayo Edebiri - The Bear -WINNER
Elle Fanning - The Great
Natasha Lyonne - Poker Face
Quinta Brunson - Abbott Elementary
Rachel Brosnahan - The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel
Selena Gomez - Only Murders in the Building 
Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Limited Series, Anthology Series, or a Motion Picture Made for Television
Ali Wong - Beef - WINNER
Brie Larson - Lessons in Chemistry
Elizabeth Olsen - Love & Death
Juno Temple - Fargo
Rachel Weisz - Dead Ringers
Riley Keough - Daisy Jones and the Six 
Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Supporting Role on Television
Abby Elliott - The Bear
Christina Ricci - Yellowjackets
Elizabeth Debicki - The Crown - WINNER
Hannah Waddingham - Ted Lasso
J. Smith-Cameron - Succession
Meryl Streep - Only Murders in the Building 
 Elizabeth Debicki won Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Supporting Role on Television for The Crown
Best Performance in Stand-Up Comedy on Television
Amy Schumer: Emergency Contact
Chris Rock: Selective Outrage
Ricky Gervais: Armageddon - WINNER
Sarah Silverman: Someone You Love
Trevor Noah: Where Was I 
Wanda Sykes: I'm an Entertainer 
Best Motion Picture - Musical or Comedy 
Air 
American Fiction
Barbie
The Holdovers
May December
Poor Things - WINNER
Cinematic and Box Office Achievement
Barbie - WINNER
Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3
John Wick: Chapter 4
Mission: Impossible - Dead Reckoning Part 1
Oppenheimer
Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse
Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour
The Super Mario Bros. Movie 
Barbie beat out Taylor Swift in a new category Cinematic and Box Office Achievement as Margot Robbie accepted
Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Motion Picture – Drama
Annette Bening - Nyad
Cailee Spaeny -  Priscilla
Carey Mulligan - Maestro
Greta Lee - Past Lives
Lily Gladstone - Killers of the Flower Moon - WINNER
Sandra Hüller - Anatomy of a Fall
Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy
Alma Pöysti - Fallen Leaves
Emma Stone - Poor Things - WINNER
Fantasia Barrino - The Color Purple (2023)
Jennifer Lawrence - No Hard Feelings
Margot Robbie - Barbie
Natalie Portman - May December 
Emma Stone triumphed as she earned Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy for Poor Things and also led the film to top honor Best Motion Picture - Musical or Comedy
Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Supporting Role in any Motion Picture
Danielle Brooks - The Color Purple (2023)
Da'Vine Joy Randolph - The Holdovers - WINNER
Emily Blunt - Oppenheimer
Jodie Foster - Nyad
Julianne Moore - May December
Rosamund Pike - Saltburn
Best Director - Motion Picture
Bradley Cooper - Maestro 
Celine Song - Past Lives
Christopher Nolan - Oppenheimer - WINNER
Greta Gerwig - Barbie
Martin Scorsese - Killers of the Flower Moon
Yorgos Lanthimos - Poor Things 
Best Original Score - Motion Picture
The Boy and the Heron
Killers of the Flower Moon
Oppenheimer - WINNER
Poor Things
Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse
The Zone of Interest 
Best Television Series - Drama
1923
The Crown
The Diplomat
The Last of Us
The Morning Show
Succession - WINNER
Succession nearly swept the television drama categories including top prize Best Television Series - Drama
Best Television Limited Series, Anthology Series, or Motion Picture Made for Television
All the Light We Cannot See
Beef - WINNER
Daisy Jones and the Six
Fargo
Fellow Travelers
Lessons in Chemistry 
Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Television Series – Drama
Brian Cox - Succession
Dominic West - The Crown
Gary Oldman - Slow Horses
Jeremy Strong - Succession
Kieran Culkin - Succession - WINNER
Pedro Pascal - The Last of Us
Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Television Series – Musical or Comedy
Bill Hader - Barry
Jason Segel - Shrinking
Jason Sudeikis - Ted Lasso
Jeremy Allen White - The Bear - WINNER
Martin Short - Only Murders in the Building
Steve Martin - Only Murders in the Building 
Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Limited Series, Anthology Series, or a Motion Picture Made for Television
David Oyelowo - Lawman: Bass Reeves
Jon Hamm - Fargo
Matt Bomer - Fellow Travelers
Sam Claflin - Daisy Jones and the Six
Steven Yeun - Beef - WINNER
Woody Harrelson - White House Plumbers 
Steven Yeun took home Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Limited Series, Anthology Series, or a Motion Picture Made for Television for Beef
Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Supporting Role on Television
Alan Ruck - Succession 
Alexander Skarsgård - Succession
Billy Crudup - The Morning Show
Ebon Moss-Bachrach - The Bear
James Marsden - Jury Duty
Matthew Macfadyen - Succession - WINNER 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have been moderated in advance.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group