By 

	Selome Hailu


	Disney Channel’s upcoming “Wizards of Waverly Place” sequel series has a new title: “Wizards Beyond Waverly Place.”

	Selena Gomez, who starred in the original series as Alex Russo and executive produced the spinoff, announced the news during Disney’s 2024 upfront presentation, during which the company also released new images from the show — giving a first look at the grown-up versions of Alex and her brother Justin (David Henrie), as well as the new Russo family members. 





	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					Microdrama Plot Twist: A Threat to the Apps’ Stratospheric U.S. Growth		
			














	
		
					Pedro Cabeleira’s 'Night Passengers' Boarded by Pluto Film Ahead of Cannes Premiere (EXCLUSIVE)		
			








	“Wizards: Beyond Waverly Place” follows an adult Justin Russo, who has chosen to lead a normal, mortal life with his family, Giada (Mimi Gianopulos), Roman (Alkaio Thiele) and Milo (Max Matenko). When Justin’s sister Alex brings Billie (Janice LeAnn Brown) to his home seeking help, Justin realizes he must dust off his magical skills to mentor the wizard-in-training while also juggling his everyday responsibilities and safeguarding the future of the Wizard World.

	










			Popular on Variety		






SIGN UP for Variety’s free daily Upfronts newsletter

	Additionally, Taylor Cora has been cast in the series regular role of Winter, who is described as “Billie’s bubbly, quirky and oversharing best friend.”

	Jed Elinoff and Scott Thomas serve as writers and executive producers of “Wizards: Beyond Waverly Place.” Along with Gomez, executive producers also include Henrie and Gary Marsh. Andy Fickman directed and executive produced the pilot and will direct multiple episodes. The series will premiere later this year.

	During the upfront, Gomez also revealed the first teaser for Season 4 of Hulu’s “Only Murders in the Building,” in which she stars alongside Steve Martin and Martin Short.

	See the new photos of “Wizards Beyond Waverly Place” above and below, plus a photo of new star Taylor Cora. 

UPFRONTS 2024: COMPLETE COVERAGE
The Business of Entertainment