Now 
59
 Sun 
68
 Mon 
77
by JESSICA A. BOTELHO | The National Desk
TOPICS:
LOS ANGELES (TND) — "Emily in Paris" actor Ashley Park announced she is recovering from what she described as "critical septic shock."
Park, 32, who portrays Mindy Chen in the hit Netflix series, shared an Instagram post about her hospitalization. The post included two photos and a few videos, with one of the images showing her in a hospital bed as her co-star and boyfriend, Paul Forman, kisses her forehead.
Park went on to praise doctors and hospital staff.
The post also confirmed speculation that she and Forman are dating. She thanked him for being with her throughout the ordeal.
Park noted that she was hesitant to share the news because she is still in recovery, but added that she is "safely on the other side of the worst" and assured fans she is "gonna be okay."
As of Monday morning, more than 600,000 people reacted to the post. Fans, as well as a quite few fellow celebrities, offered her well wishes in the comments.
"My heart. I’m so grateful you are okay but praying for more healing," actor and singer Selena Gomez wrote.
There was also a comment from the Global Sepsis Alliance and World Sepsis Day Movement, a nonprofit organization that raises awareness for sepsis across the world.
"(We) want to express our sincere appreciation for your openness," according to the comment. "Your story has the power to inspire and raise awareness about sepsis, and we're here to support you every step of the way. We wish you a steady and comforting recovery - take all the time you need. If there's ever anything we can do to support you, whether it's providing information, resources, or just a virtual presence, please don't hesitate to reach out. And should you choose to use your voice in the future to further raise awareness, please know that we would be honored to stand with you. Sending you wishes of wellness, strength, and the support of those around you."
Park's announcement comes the same day as Collins shared an Instagram post about production for the show's fourth season. An image shows her holding up a script for the first episode.
"Did someone say Saison Quatre?! Finally reunited with my @emilyinparis fam back in Paris and it feels so good," Collins wrote. "Although, I may need to brush up on my selfie skills for Emily’s sake"