90 years of expert advice and inspiration, for every couple.
Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)

Let these declarations of love inspire your own.
Photo by Harwell Photography
In This Article
 Trying to capture the love that you have for your partner through words is a seemingly impossible task. How do you wrap up the dozens of thoughts and emotions and your countless shared experiences in a few sentences? Yet, whether you’re brainstorming your marriage proposal, jotting down your wedding vows, or writing an anniversary card, you’ll need to use rhetoric to communicate your message and mark milestones in your relationship. Luckily, literary geniuses have attempted to encapsulate these feelings of love and affection through books, poems, movies, television shows, and songs—and their words can serve as a source of inspiration to guide your own proclamations. 

 While these romantic sayings from various media are best suited to inform your proposal, vows, or handwritten cards, you can also incorporate them into your wedding décor. Displaying a famous literary quote on your welcome sign, ceremony programs, cocktail napkins, or photo backdrop through intricate calligraphy will infuse old-world elegance into your big-day aesthetic.

 From classic literature to modern films, here are 50 romantic sayings for him and her to inspire your own declarations. 

 Whether it's an insight that the author writes themself or a proclamation from a character they've created, here are some of the best romantic sayings from books.

 For a melodic message filled with symbolism, rhythmic prose, and raw emotion, seek inspiration from the below poems.

 Your favorite romantic-comedy or romantic-drama probably has its fair share of romantic sayings to pull from. Here are some of our favorites from movies and TV shows.

 From current pop hits to nostalgic country ballads, lyrics from love songs contain plenty of romantic sayings that describe any relationship. Read on for a few ideas from singers and song writers.