All products featured on Allure are independently selected by our editors. However, we may receive compensation from retailers and/or from purchases of products through these links.
‘Tis the season for beachy waves! The undone, messy, casual hairstyle has long been a classic for day-to-day wear and red carpets, but they really shine come summertime, when you can actually get the look from hanging out in water or mimic that just-left-the-pool vibe with wave sprays. We need to know which styling products were behind Selena Gomez's new beach waves, because they're so good even the ocean is jealous.
Gomez wore the waves to a Rare Beauty event to celebrate the launch of the brand's new True to Myself Pressed Finishing Powder. Hairstylist Marissa Marino, who often works with the actor/singer/beauty brand founder, parted Gomez's long, brunette hair in the center and styled it in perfectly imperfect tousled waves. They're not uniform throughout, which is part of the magic; some are subtle bends, while others are nearly loose ringlets. Though the majority of Gomez's hair is a smoky espresso color, she's got a few micro-highlights woven throughout to pick up the light and add dimension.
This content can also be viewed on the site it originates from.
Makeup artist Hung Vanngo added a rock ‘n roll edge to the beachy waves with a winged-out smoky charcoal gray eye and fluffy, brushed-up brows, plus peachy lips and cheeks. As for her nails, manicurist Tom Bachik kept things simple with a milky pink shade on medium-length, oval-shaped nails. (It's Aprés Nail Gel Couleur in Forgotten Film, if you're curious.)
If Gomez's hair looks a lot longer than you remembered, that's because it is! She's definitely added some length post-Cannes Film Festival, when she promoted her film Emilia Pérez in a chic long bob. Now, her waves fall way past her shoulders, and the length paired with those pitch-perfect beach waves is actively convincing me to skip my next cut appointment.
Want to DIY your own Gomez-inspired beach waves this weekend? Check out our roundup of the best sea salt sprays and get to spritzing!
More celeb hairstyles we love:
Now, watch Alia Bhatt's “sunburned” makeup routine:
Follow Allure on Instagram and TikTok, or subscribe to our newsletter to stay up to date on all things beauty.
More from Allure The BEAUTY EXPERT
Contact
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Allure may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices