Anyone who is anyone attends the Met Gala, meaning it’s the prime place for an awkward celebrity run-in.
From Taylor Swift to Justin Bieber and Kim Kardashian, this year’s guest list has been ‘revealed’ and we’re already preparing the popcorn in case any feuding stars have an uncomfortable encounter.
The theme of this year’s annual fashion extravaganza is The Garden of Time, which is inspired by the J.G. Ballard short story of the same name.
Meanwhile, the Costume Institute’s new exhibition is entitled Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion, with pieces pieces including designs by Schiaparelli, Dior, Givenchy, and more.
So, it’s fair to say we should expect plenty of OTT, fairytale-esque ensembles but with the likes of Cardi B and Nicki Minaj supposedly having received invites, the outfits might not be the only thing making headlines on May 6.
Let’s take a dive into this year’s attendees and which A-listers are at risk of an ugly bump-in.
Taylor and Kim’s beef is extremely well documented and if you’re a fan of either, you’re probably fully clued-up on the lore.
Flashback to 2009 and Kim was a huge Taylor fan, declaring that the number one song on her iPod was Love Story.
In September that year, however, Kanye West famously stormed the VMAs stage to declare that the then-country star wasn’t worthy of her award as Beyonce actually had ‘one of the best videos of all time.’
In true Taylor style, the Grammy winner proceeded to pour out her feelings on the shocking stage invasion in her music in years to come, before eventually burying the hatchet with Kanye and displaying a very public friendship from 2015.
The chronically online among you will remember that this did not last long…
Kim, of course, went on to marry Kanye in 2014 and so played a huge part when he released his controversial track Famous in 2016.
Fuelling Taylor’s later reputation era, Kanye was slammed for including the lyric: ‘I feel like me and Taylor might still have sex/Why? I made that b***h famous,’ in reference to his VMAs stunt.
What soon transpired was that while Kanye called Taylor to gain her seal of approval on the lyrics, she wasn’t made aware that she’d be branded a ‘b***h’.
Oh, and the phone call was recorded by Kim, which the singer claims was edited by the reality star in a bid to make her appear more on board than she was.
In the years to follow, multiple sly digs were made by both parties and while Kim stated that everyone had ‘moved on’ in 2019, there hadn’t been any public apologies.
Of course, the full exchange between Kanye in the studio and Taylor on the phone leaked in 2020, proving the Look What You Made Me Do hitmaker right… even if Kanye still maintain that he gave the billionaire songstress a career boost.
As of 2024, Taylor and Kim are far from friends, despite the latter enduring a bitter divorce with the Donda rapper.
She even released a song targeting their beef on her new album, The Tortured Poets Department, titling it thanK you aIMee, capitalising the Skims founder’s name.
And that track is incredibly fresh, meaning a run-in at this year’s Met Gala would be far from welcome on either side…
From a Kardashian to a Jenner, we have Kendall and her ex-boyfriend, Bad Bunny.
Kendall dated the Puerto Rican rapper for less than a year, parting ways in December according to sources.
The pair were last spotted together at the Saturday Night Live afterparty in October, when Bad Bunny celebrated his double duty after both hosting and performing as the musical guest.
And while their romance was said to have just been a bit of fun, they don’t appear to be in contact anymore.
An insider for Entertainment Tonight said: ‘Kendall and Bad Bunny have been doing their own things lately, and things slowly started to fizzle out between them.
‘They both knew going into this that it likely wouldn’t be a forever type of relationship, and that was mutually understood from the get-go.
‘They have crazy-busy schedules and know they’re still young and have a lot more to experience individually before settling down.’
While there doesn’t seem to be any bad blood, we can’t imagine either jumping for joy at the prospect of a Met Gala reunion.
Famously dubbed ‘Jelena’, Selena and Justin began dating in 2010 (no, we can’t believe it was that long ago either).
It wasn’t until a year later that the lovebirds confirmed they were an item, with a string of PDAs and joint red carpet appearances to come.
Alas, the youngsters first split in 2012, with the Biebs confirming in 2013 that they were no longer talking.
2014 is when things got confusing, as the Baby hitmaker was linked to Hailey Baldwin, but soon appeared to have reconciled with Selena.
Nicknamed ‘the lost Jelena years’, most of 2015 was unclear concerning their relationship status. They both dated other stars but were seen together and sparked romance rumours several times.
It wasn’t until 2017 that Jelena was confirmed once more, but it was off a year later.
While Justin is now happily married to Hailey – and she and Selena are pals despite the internet pitting them against one another – there have been plenty of sly comments made over the years.
So, with Selena now dating Benny Blanco and the Biebers expected on the Met red carpet arm-in-arm, it probably wouldn’t be the best place for a catch-up.
We know, it’s hard to keep up.
At the Golden Globes earlier this year, the internet was convinced Taylor and Selena – aka Taylena – were gossiping about Kylie Jenner and her new boyfriend, Timothée Chalamet.
Long-time besties Taylor and Selena were seen enjoying a good gossip, as besties do, but it sparked rumours that Selena was shading Kylie for ‘not allowing’ her to say hello to Timmy.
Fed up with being the focus of speculation, Selena later clarified via Instagram what they were discussing.
‘Nooooo I told Taylor about two of my friends who hooked up’, she commented on E News’ post about the conversation.
Cooly, the singer made her thoughts on the subject clear as she added: ‘Not that it’s anyone’s business.’
Fans weren’t convinced, though, and the lip readers were out in full force…
They may be the two queens of rap, but Cardi and Nicki aren’t BFFs.
They’ve supported one another’s tunes in the past, but things turned especially sour in 2018 at the Harper’s Bazaar Icons Party during New York Fashion Week, with a confrontation following Nicki ‘talking smack’ about Cardi’s baby with Offset (which she denied).
The WAP rapper unleashed a brutal Instagram rant, writing: ‘I’ve let a lot of s**t slide! I let you sneak diss me, I let you lie on me, I let you attempt to stop my bags, f**k up the way I eat! You’ve threaten other artists in the industry, told them if they work with me you’ll stop f***ing with them!! I let you talk big s— about me!!’
A truce was called but it didn’t last as, just weeks later, Nicki appeared to diss Cardi in a song… with the Bodak Yellow rapper then featuring on Meek Mill’s Championships album, who is Nicki’s ex.
It’s unclear what stage the two rap titans are at as of 2024, but while they haven’t publicly feuded for a while, who knows what could happen at the Met after a few drinks…
Of course, Ariana Grande is currently dating Wicked co-star Ethan Slater, but she was famously in a relationship with Pete from 2018 until, well, 2018.
Their romance was just months long but it was the very definition of a whirlwind, as Pete got tatted in honour of Ari, while she named a whole song after him on her Sweetener album.
Oh, they were also engaged to be married.
Sadly, Ariana’s grief following the death of her ex-boyfriend, Mac Miller, seemed to contribute to her engagement’s demise, with Pete saying in 2020 that he ‘pretty much knew it was around over after that’, despite supporting her where he could.
He went on to speak positively about her publicly, reflecting fondly on their timetogether, as did Ari, who married Dalton Gomez in 2021 before splitting two years later.
In true Pete Davidson style, the comedian has been linked to a string of famous women since splitting from the Grammy winner, having romanced everyone from Emily Ratajkowski to Kim Kardashian herself.
Sure, a Met Gala run-in might be laughter-filled, it might not be the best setting after all those years apart.
Pop icon Dua famously dated model Anwar Hadid from 2019 until 2021, with their relationship inspiring some of her biggest tunes.
During their time together, Dua also, understandably, became close with his famous sisters, Gigi and Bella.
Alas, those friendships don’t seem to have lasted beyond Dua and Anwar’s romance.
After more than two years of dating, a source close to the Hadids told People that the couple were taking a break.
‘Dua and Anwar are currently taking a break from their relationship and are spending time apart. They’re figuring things out right now.’
There’s no doubt in our mind that both models Irina and Gigi are girls’ girls.
However, with Gigi currently dating Irina’s ex, Bradley Cooper, a chance encounter at the Met Gala would certainly make for some interesting headlines.
Actor Bradley and runway star Gigi were photographed together multiple times earlier this year and sources have described their relationship as ‘casual’ with ‘attraction’ there.
A source spoke to Entertainment Tonight in October about how Irina felt about the new romance.
She is said to ‘has ‘have no issue with Bradley dating others, especially while things are still casual between Bradley and Gigi.’
‘Everyone is mostly open to their former partners moving on,’ the source added.
Got a story?
If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.
Arrow
MORE: Madonna revels in record-breaking concert for 1,600,000 fans in Brazil: ‘This really happened’
Arrow
MORE: Mariah Carey is surprise performer at British billionaire fashion mogul’s star-studded £20,000,000 wedding
Arrow
MORE: The story of Beyonce, Jay-Z and Solange’s elevator-gate you didn’t hear