Selena Gomez and Benny Blanco are engaged after more than one year of dating! The Disney alum who is known for her role as Alex Russo in the Wizards of Waverly Place and as a successful and Grammy award-nominated singer, producer and businesswoman is now engaged to Benny Blanco, a record executive and songwriter who is the recipient of the Hal David Starlight Award from the Songwriters Hall of Fame in 2013. 
The “Love You Like a Love Song” singer posted on her Instagram account the good news. Celebrity friends like Taylor Swift and Jennifer Aniston were among the first well-wishers. 
News of Gomez and Blanco dating first erupted midway through 2023, but they chose to keep their relationship private at the beginning (understandably so!). After a couple of months, the duo went public.  
Years before they got together, the pair first collaborated on Blanco’s song, “I Can’t Get Enough” in 2019.  
Gomez released her single, “Single Soon.” The song was co-produced by Blanco and Cashmere Cat. Gomez would later reveal that they were likely already dating when the song dropped. 
Gomez confirmed her relationship with the music executive, per Billboard. The “Who Says” singer responded to comments on Instagram about the relationship. “He is my absolute everything in my heart.” She also responded to another commenter, “I don’t understand. If you actually care about me. This is my happiest. If you don’t, feel free to say whatever you want. But I will never allow your words to guide my life. Ever. I’m done. If you can’t accept me at my happiest then don’t be in [my] life at all.” 
In a February interview with Apple Music 1’s Zane Lowe (via Us Weekly), Gomez said, “Without getting into too much detail, I think it’s just really important to meet someone that respects you. And I think it’s really nice to also lean on someone who understands the world that I live in.” She added, “But I’d have to say, overall, it’s the safest that I feel, and it’s been really lovely, and I’ve only grown through it, so it’s awesome.” 
According to Page Six, Gomez sparked engagement rumors as early as August of this year when she posted a photo of herself facing a mirror with heart emojis covering her left ring finger. 
Gomez captioned the Instagram post about the engagement with “forever begins now...” Blanco commented on her post, “Hey wait… that’s my wife.” His comment, as of this writing, already garnered more than 281k likes. 
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!