Back in her NFL era. 
Tonight, society is faced with two important decisions: 1) watch the Emmy Awards, and 2) watch Taylor Swift watch the Chiefs. Or, secret option 3) fall asleep early and ignore literally all of this.
Point is, while the rest of Hollywood (including Taylor's close friend Selena Gomez) is busy at the Emmy Awards this evening, Tay is over in Arrowhead Stadium watching Travis Kelce and the Chiefs play against the Cincinnati Bengals. And this time she showed up wearing a Chiefs jersey as a mini dress paired with OTK boots.
Oh, and a red bow in her hair for good measure!
Obsessed!
Also for what it's worth the Chiefs won and Tay lost all chill:
And there was also this moment:
Taylor and Travis have been super public about their relationship lately, and by that I mean they made an appearance at the US Open where they simply could not stop kissing, hugging, singing, and generally leaning into PDA. Actually, lemme just:
As a reminder, Taylor has the entire rest of September off from the Eras Tour before kicking things off again in October, which means she has plenty of time to enjoy football. As for what the future holds post-tour, a source recently told Us Weekly that Tay is “honing in what she wants to focus on after the tour,” “trying to make sure she has downtime first and hasn’t fully made decisions about anything just yet,” and will be “spending quite a bit of time in with Travis.”
Cuuuuute.
Here’s How Buying Met Gala Tickets Works
Gabby Prescod Slams “Insufferable” Craig Conover
JoJo Siwa Gives More Insight Into Kath Ebbs Split
Selena Got a Rash After Her First Kiss With Benny
Katy Perry Responds to "Unhinged" Critics
Are Tay & Trav Still Together? A Source Says...
An Exact Timeline of Ariana and Ethan’s ‘Ship
Jennifer Garner and John Miller's 'Ship Timeline
Prince William Invited 4 Exes to His Royal Wedding
Wills "Loathes and Despises" Meghan and Harry
Prince William Has Been Preparing to Become King
What Actually Happens at the Met Gala Inside?
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.