E-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
Sign up for email newsletters
E-Edition

			Trending:		
By VIVIAN KWARM | vkwarm@nydailynews.com | New York Daily News
Selena Gomez is determined to have kids one way or another.
The “Who Says” songstress says she was preparing to adopt children as a single mother if she didn’t find love by the age of 35.
“I was alone for five years, and I got really used to it. A lot of people are afraid of being alone and I probably tortured myself in my head for like two years being alone, and then I kind of accepted it,” the 31-year-old shared in an interview with TIME. “Then I came up with my plan, which was I was going to adopt at 35 if I had not met anyone.”
But since finding love with her boo, record producer Benny Blanco, that plan is seemingly out the window.
In an interview with Howard Stern, Blanco spilled the beans on his hopes of making Gomez the mother of his future children.
“That’s my next goal, to check the box [of becoming a parent],” he said. “I’ve got a ton of nephews. Yeah, I love being around kids.”
When the radio host asked if Blanco plans to propose in the near future, he cryptically responded by saying, “When I look at her … I’m always just like, ‘I don’t know a world where it could be better than this.’”
Gomez reacted to her boyfriend’s comments, saying she prefers to keep their relationship details private because of the “hurtful things” that have been said since the couple went public last year.
“I know what people can do to people I love,” she told TIME. “My own fans, who I adore and feel like have shaped who I am, will say the most hurtful things to me about how I live my life.”
“But he has the strength in him that none of that noise fazes him,” she said of Blanco. “It’s really impressive, and I just cherish every moment with him.”
In terms of where she sees her romance with Blanco going, she teased, “I don’t know what the future holds, but I do know that he’s not going anywhere any time soon.”
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group