By REBECCA LAWRENCE FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  08:49, 11 October 2024   |  Updated:  00:00, 12 October 2024   
 19
View  comments
Miranda Hart has shared more details about her intimate wedding, revealing she opted for a 'Hawaiian' theme. 
The actress, 51, appeared on The Graham Norton Show - which will air on Friday night - and opened up about finding love in her 50s. 
Revealing she tied the knot in July, she explained: 'It was a very small gathering and for no reason at all it was Hawaiian themed with inflatable flamingos, coconut bowling and a steel band.'
Miranda - who was joined by Kevin Kline, Zoe Saldana, Selena Gomez and Ncuti Gatwa on the sofa - also revealed that meeting her husband helped combat the loneliness she felt after being diagnosed with Lyme disease. 
She shared: 'I had my diagnosis during the pandemic, and it was a very lonely time, so I decided I didn't want to be alone anymore, so I put out this little prayer with about one percent of hope, but I met someone and got married in July.'
Miranda Hart has shared more details about her intimate wedding during an appearance on The Graham Norton Show, revealing she opted for a 'Hawaiian' theme
The comedian first announced the news that she is married live on The One Show on Tuesday night after a flurry of rumours
Miranda was spotted cycling with a mystery man on a towpath near Hammersmith Bridge, close to where the BBC star lives, almost a year ago sparking speculation this is her husband 
Miranda also revealed she had a special connection to one of the guests as she explained Selena - who suffers from autoimmune condition lupus - had inspired her to write her new book. 
 'I watched Selena's documentary [My Mind and Me] and it gave me the courage to be vulnerable and share my feelings about my disease,' she explained. 'It kept me writing.'
As Selena grew emotional, Miranda continued: 'The book is not just about illness; it is about how I learnt to live well and free with joy and meaning despite my circumstances. 
'I now feel I can be in the world as me. I feel fully free, if not fully recovered.'
She also joked about the name of her memoir, sharing: 'Boris Johnson's book is out and here's my thinking… Mine's called, I Haven't Been Entirely Honest with You and his is called Unleashed. We definitely need to swap!'
The comedian surprised fans this week when she announced she was married at the age of 51, but admitted her relationship has had its challenges.
In her new book Miranda confessed that she and the building surveyor 'briefly' split before realising the depth of their feelings for one another.
Writing in her memoir, Miranda recalled that she was 'spending more and more time' with 'The Boy From Bristol,' as she calls him, and 'feelings were deepening. And then. We had to take a break.'
'There were a few reasons why, we didn't know whether the timing was right to become an 'us.' It was hard. It hurt my heart. A lot. I didn't know whether it was the end or whether circumstances might eventually mean we could continue getting to know each other.'
Revealing she tied the knot in July, she said: 'It was a very small gathering and for no reason at all it was Hawaiian themed with inflatable flamingos, coconut bowling and a steel band'
Miranda - who was joined by Zoe Saldana, Selena Gomez and Ncuti Gatwa - revealed meeting her husband helped combat the loneliness she felt after being diagnosed with Lyme disease
She added that 'there was a brief ghastly emptiness from the disconnection,' but 'ultimately I trusted that it would work out for the best, and I had capacity to cope with either direction that it might take.'
She even threw a 'sore Hart party' with a friend, where they taste tested crumbles and she was allowed to 'wallow'.
At the end of the book Miranda happily confirms that the couple reunited, and 'The Boy From Bristol had something to share. The being angry and grumpy didn't put him off. The body didn't put him off, despite witnessing some massive mid-life inflation my inner critic did not enjoy!'
'The vulnerability didn't put him off. None of my wildness put him off... he came back to tell me he loved me.'
Miranda met her building surveyor husband when he came to fix a mould problem in her £2million home, after believing that her 'hope for finding love was very, very slim.'
The real-life Bridget Jones revealed on the One Show on Tuesday night that she married the building surveyor this year at the age of 51 after he proposed in Kew Gardens, West London.
The comedian has gone to lengths not to reveal his identity, referring to him in her new book I Haven't Been Completely Honest With You as simply 'The Boy' or 'The Mould Man'.
The man, who she met when he came to fix a mould problem in her £2million home, is described as 'salt-and-pepper greying hair look on a fine featured man'.
Miranda also revealed Selena - who suffers from autoimmune condition lupus - had inspired her to write her new book (pictured alongside Kevin Kline, left, Graham Norton, centre, and Rag 'n' Bone Man) 
Miranda was seen leaving the TV studios with her pet pooch on her lap
The comedian first announced the news that she is married live on The One Show on Tuesday night after a flurry of rumours.
Speaking to Alex Jones and Alex Scott about her mystery husband, Miranda, 51, declared 'someone's put a ring on it' as she revealed she met 'my person' at the age of 49.
Going into detail in her memoir about how he popped the question, the actress explained that her boyfriend suggested the couple go to the gardens for a walk on an 'ordinary January day'.
She wrote: 'We stood still on the bridge overlooking the lake when the silence was pierced as he rather seriously said, 'Miranda'. I turned around and as I did he got down on one knee. 'Miranda...'
'I don't remember anything else because I simply burst out out crying, apparently saying yes before he had finished the sentence (awkward if he'd been tying a shoelace...)'
She emotionally penned: 'I didn't think a traditional proposal would affect me so. 
'But there was someone knowing all my ridiculousness and brokenness and still willing to bend down, lookup and commit to loving me and standing by me for the rest of his life.' 
Miranda later described her husband as kind, loving, and really fun,' before dramatically writing: 'He's not my boyfriend. He's my husband. We got married when I was fifty-one.'
During her exciting announcement on The One Show, she gushed: 'I'm married, I got married at 51 and it's just so lovely!'
'I'd written Gary [Tom Ellis] for onscreen Miranda and it wasn't until I was 49 that I met my person,' she declared, but insisted she would keep her husband's identity a secret. 
'It's a little undercurrent in the book, I'm not going to reveal how we met because that's a little bit of a twist. He's my best friend, we had the best fun and I'm just thrilled to be a young bride at 51.'
The star added that she hoped readers of her book will feel hope from her love story, explaining; 'The fact that I met someone during a pandemic, during chronic illness, when I couldn't get out of bed or out of the house... I really, really wanted to meet someone, I didn't want to do life on my own anymore.'
'The fact that I could meet somebody, it's not some sort of romcom story but it's hope. Whatever situation you are in, there is always hope, things really do change.'
The front cover of Miranda's new book 'I Haven't Been Entirely Honest With You' 
Miranda gave fans a first glimpse of her husband in a post on Instagram when he high fived her for the camera - but his face remained out of camera shot
Miranda took to social media after The One Show to give fans a playful first glimpse of her husband, telling them in an Instagram clip: 'I've got my best friend to do life with and it's wonderful. And I'm also utterly thrilled to be back in tele land and having a book out. Um so yeah, thanks so much for all your support.
'High-five husband. Ho ho. Exclusive, his hand. Bye,' leaving fans chuckling along. In the caption, she penned a touching note: 'Thank you for being happy that I am happy. You're very sweet and kind. And how we met is a little reveal in the book I hope you enjoy. X.' 
The star first set tongues wagging about the new man in her life during publicity for the memoir, teasing in her inimitable style that she 'couldn't possibly say if there is a love story in it... (There is – shush) Exciting.'
She has also been spotted wearing a wedding band in recent videos and snaps posted on Instagram, where she has a million followers, whilst locals near her £2million West London home have seen her with a mystery man. 
The Graham Norton Show airs on Friday at 10.40pm on BBC One. Also available on BBC iPlayer.
Lyme disease is caused by a bacteria that is transmitted to humans through the bite of infected black-legged ticks.
The most common symptoms of the disease are fever, headache, fatigue and a skin rash called erythema migrans.
The disease can typically be treated by several weeks of oral antibiotics.
But if left untreated, the infection can spread to the joints, heart and nervous symptoms and be deadly.  
WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU ARE INFECTED?
During the first three to 30 days of infection, these symptoms may occur:
The rash occurs in approximately 80 per cent of infected people.
It can expand to up to 12 inches (30 cm), eventually clearing and giving off the appearance of a target or a 'bull's-eye'.
Later symptoms of Lyme disease include:
Source: CDC

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group