Every item on this page was chosen by an ELLE editor. We may earn commission on some of the items you choose to buy.
How does Selena Gomez dress for a normal day at the Rare Beauty office? She opts for polished cozy attire. The singer was recently photographed wearing an oversized gray Reformation sweater with black pants. Her hair was done up in a bun, and her makeup was kept minimal. Her blush and berry lips stood out from an otherwise subdued beauty look. 
Gomez’s Reformation sweater, by the way, hasn’t sold out yet:
Gomez spoke to ELLE.com in December about how running Rare Beauty for the last three years has shifted the way she views herself as a leader. “The last three years with Rare Beauty have been amazing, and it’s changed how I see myself as a businesswoman,” she said. “Don’t get me wrong, I’m still learning and will continue to learn but I’ve gained more confidence in making business decisions, leading a team, and tackling challenges.”
She also addressed how she knew it was time for Rare Beauty to move beyond just makeup products. “Deciding to move into body care with the Find Comfort Body Collection was a thoughtful choice for us and something I knew I wanted to do from the start but only when the timing was right,” she said. “We wanted to offer a well-rounded experience, so we started with four key products: hand cream, body lotion, body and hair mist, and an aromatherapy pen. Each product took a different amount of time to develop, making sure they truly represented our brand and delivered a sensory experience in line with the collection’s theme. For us, self-comfort aligns with self-acceptance and feeling good in your own skin without the need for perfect routines. It’s those small moments of comfort that matter and can be different for everyone.” Learn more about those products here.
Beyoncé’s Son, Sir, Makes a Sneaky Tour Cameo
See Princess Charlotte’s 10th Birthday Portrait
Blue Ivy Carter Glitters in Gold on Beyoncé’s Tour
Hailey Bieber Steps Out in Archival Gucci
All the Best Photos From Kylie and Timothée’s Date
Shailene and Lucas’s Relationship History
All We Know About Selena and Benny’s Wedding Plans
Selena on Getting Rash After First Kiss With Benny
Michelle Obama on Raising Kids in the White House
A Source Debunks Taylor and Travis Rumors
Why Meghan Has Secret Emails for Archie and Lili
All About Blue Ivy Carter 
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.