Expert-picked Mother's Day gifts for every type of mom, from $15
Sections
Shows
More
Follow today
More Brands
It seems like Selena Gomez won't be "Single Soon," now that she's engaged to Benny Blanco.
While announcing their engagement on social media Dec. 11, Gomez posted a close-up of her ring. The main diamond takes center stage, but the chunky yellow gold band also sparkles with smaller stones.
“When I first saw the ring, all I could think about was how unique it was,” jewelry content creator and gemstone wholesaler Julia Hackman Chafé told TODAY.com in an email statement.
At first, Chafé was surprised by the ring choice. She expected Gomez to “go for a colored stone ring” since Blanco, whose real name is Benjamin Levin, “specifically wears a lot of colored gemstones.” Blanco wore a necklace with a large red stone during his May 2024 TODAY with Hoda & Jenna appearance, for example.
Instead, she went for a marquise cut diamond. Chafé estimated Gomez’s center stone is four carats with .25 carat stones lining the band. “The diamond itself, if Benny chose a high-quality diamond, is probably around $75,000 and up,” she said.
But it appears the marquise cut has a deeper, and deliberate, meaning. The diamond type is referenced in Gomez's 2015 collab with A$AP Rocky, “Good for You,” when she sings, “I’m in my marquise diamonds/ I’m a marquise diamond/ Could even make that Tiffany jealous.”
The gist of the lyrics is about wanting to look good for someone else. "Let me show you how proud I am to be yours," Gomez sings.
Chafé, like many internet commentators, is convinced the choice of ring stems from the song. “It must be something from there,” she said.
On Dec. 14, Blanco added new evidence to the theory by posting a video of him and Gomez clinking glasses after their engagement. Gomez shows off her new ring in the clip, and Blanco set the video to "Good for You," specifically highlighting her lyric about marquise diamonds.
Among diamonds, a marquise is one of the "less popular cuts," Chafé said.
"But with the rise in popularity of all things elongated, it was a matter of time before marquise came into fashion,” she added.
Some marquise cut-wearers are happy Gomez joined the club. A TikToker posted a video with the text, "Now me and Selena have the same Marquise Diamond ring."
Others are anticipating that Gomez's ring will spark a spike in popularity, making their unique rings not quite as special. One TikToker posted a video of her marquise ring with the text "to my marquise girlies... it was nice while it lasted." 
Going forward, Chafé also expects the marquise cut to rise in popularity.
“Anything Selena Gomez does will spark a trend. Perhaps not in 2025, but in 2026, for sure, marquise will be a popular cut,” she said.
Georgina is an editorial intern for TODAY.com, based in New York City.
© 2025 NBCUniversal Media, LLCApple®, Apple logo® and App Store® are registered trademarks of Apple Inc.