The cool hue isn’t going anywhere
So you want to look business-chic, but also like you could break out in song while prancing around in a field of poppies? Enter the sleeveless butter-yellow suit.
Dakota Fanning continued her spring-summer style streak this Tuesday with the perfect transition piece to take us into the warmer months. It was a breezy suit in a fresh lemony yellow, composed of a chic vest with translucent white buttons and tailored trousers that she folded at the bottom, as they were far too long.
Fanning wore the set with some timeless staples: white platform heels, a black leather handbag, and black-framed shades with red lenses. As per usual, she wore her blonde hair down, straight, and had on natural makeup and a glossy lip.
This year, designers including Loewe, Miu Miu, Sandy Liang, Philip Lim, Bevza, JW Anderson, and Burberry have involved butter yellow in their runway collections. And Fanning, who is promoting her horror-mystery film The Watchers, is just the latest star to have embraced the soft hue, which is turning out to be the serotonin-boosting color of the season. 
Jennifer Lawrence recently brightened a street-style look with pops of creamy yellow, Emily Ratajkowski pulled out a faux-leather jacket in the hue for a springtime walk in New York City, Selena Gomez showed off her butter-yellow mani on Instagram, and Aubrey Plaza famously wore the color to this year’s Emmys—in the form of a silky gown that, as fans quickly pointed out, resembled a Post-it.
Bella Hadid Poses in Poolside Lingerie and Curlers
Prince Harry Says He May Not Return to the U.K. 
George Clooney Played Softball In Central Park
Hunter Schafer Gives the Tracksuit a Playful Twist
Blake Lively Wears a “Wedding Gown” on Late Night 
Bella Hadid Glows in a Bubblegum-Pink Set
J.Lo’s Dress Shimmers Like a Starry Night Sky
Hailey Bieber’s Party Dress Is Made of Watches
Princess Charlotte's Birthday Portrait, by Kate
Kendall Jenner’s Halter Plunges to New Depths
Florence Pugh Steps Out in Five Different Looks
Kate and William Show Rare PDA in New Photos
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.