By Author Simon Delott


Published: Dec 02, 2024 at 10:24 AM • Category Britney Spears 

Reading Time:  3 minutes 
Britney Spears is sober, celibate, and has her eye on continued success.
That is a huge step forward, given how things were for her just a few years ago.
Despite only recently regaining autonomy over her life and financials, Britney has been the target of transparent smear efforts. Fortunately, the sabotage hasn’t worked.
She’s making a lot of sound medical decisions, a new report details. And she’s also swearing off awful dudes as she sets her sights on long-term financial goals.
According to a lengthy report from The Daily Mail, Britney Spears’ life is finally back on track.
Or it’s getting there. After losing more than a dozen years of freedom to a conservatorship, these things take time.
“She will be healing from her trauma for a very long time,” an inside source predicted.
“But,” the insider continued, “she is done with men for now and is focusing on herself.”
The source described how Britney has sworn off “toxic” men. That abjuration reportedly includes cutting contact with Paul Richard Soliz.
In related news, Britney has now finalized her divorce from Sam Asghari, to whom she was married for 14 months, beginning in 2022.
Previously, Britney had bad experiences with psychiatry — because she had no control over her treatment or medication. Now, the report adds, she is taking medication and working regularly with a therapist.
According to the report, Britney Spears has hired both a chef and a medical professional to work full time at her Thousand Oaks mansion.
“She is sober and does not do drugs,” the insider continued. However, the use of the term “sober” may be controversial — and Britney is not the one making the claim.
“She has a glass of wine now and then,” the source then added. “But she does not have a substance abuse problem and has people around her to make sure that she stays on the straight and narrow.”
“She has the love of her sons back and that has been transformative,” the inside source said of Britney Spears’ relationship with her boys.
“They speak often and text all the time,” the insider added. “This is all she wanted.”
Britney’s lack of autonomy and sudden freedom — during and after the conservatorship, respectively — both impacted her relationship with Sean Preston and Jayden James Federline. Repairing those estranged bonds is of course a priority.
We live in an era where even singers who are merely “very good” can make $1 million a night playing concerts. The Taylor Swifts of the world can make much, much more. Yet Britney Spears’ net worth is reportedly only around $60 million.
Now that she has her autonomy back, however, that’s on the mend. She signed a $15 million deal in 2022 for her best-selling memoir. And, according to the insider: “She never imagined that this would completely change her entire life.”
Now, Britney is reportedly aiming to follow in the footsteps of Selena Gomez and others to become a billionaire. The next step? Her lofty deal to turn her memoir into a movie.
Hailee Steinfeld’s Engaged to Josh Allen (And Now Swifities Are Pressuring Travis …
Nikki Garcia Finally Speaks on ‘Really Tough’ Divorce From Artem Chigvintsev