By ELLEN COUGHLAN FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  09:21, 6 November 2024   |  Updated:  09:34, 6 November 2024   
 45
View  comments
Levi's have been mocked over the 'outrageous' price of fleece  - with shoppers saying you can get similar 'for a fiver at the market'.
Dave, from Staffordshire, took to X, formerly known as Twitter, to share a snap of the zip sweater which features a snowy mountainscape scene. 
The Jacquard Sherpa jacket is retailing at £95 on Levi's website which has ruffled a few feathers online. 
Dave wrote: 'F*** off Levi's you can get two of these for a fiver at the market. Plus they’ll have wolves on.'
Many rushed to the comments to agree with Dave, with some saying the classic design has been around for decades. 
Dave, from Staffordshire, took to X, formerly known as Twitter, fuming over 'outrageous' price of a Levi fleece - saying you can get similar 'for a fiver at the market'
One person said: 'Damn, they've gentrified the £7 market stall fleece.' 
Another added: 'Wolves, polar bears and snow leopard fleeces are on offer at my local market.'
Someone else joked: 'They just need a plethora of little pin badges to finish off the look plus a mobility scooter.' 
Another quipped: 'AND you can get a bundle of lighters with them free if you say you know Barry. Bet Levi's wouldn't even give you one lighter if you begged.' 
Someone else added: 'Spotted my first 'Wolf Fleece in the Wild', this season, the other day.' 
Someone else added: 'Spotted my first 'Wolf Fleece in the Wild', this season, the other day'
However some people defended the 'cosy' design and thought it was worth the price.
One person said: 'You are paying for the cheesy wolves not to be on it I think.. or eagles.. or a bear.. still cosy..' Another said: 'I kinda like it.' 
The fleece description on the website reads: 'Get cozy in our Jacquard Sherpa Full Zip Sweater. We gave it a relaxed cut, a middle zip and an all-over wintery print.
Dave wrote: 'F*** off Levi's you can get two of these for a fiver at the market. Plus they’ll have wolves on
Many rushed to the comments to agree with Dave, with some saying the classic design has been around for decades
However some people defended the 'cosy' design and thought it was worth the price
'A wintery full-zip sweater. Cut with a relaxed fit. Features an all-over print.'
It comes asfter Levi’s 501s have been voted the most iconic fashion item of all time.
The classic denims topped a survey of shoppers with 45 per cent of the vote – beating the Ralph Lauren Polo shirt into second place.
Patented in 1873, the 501 recently celebrated its 150th year. Originally called a ‘waist overall’, it had one back pocket – with the signature Levi stitching design.
The hard-wearing trousers, with their durable rivets, were introduced to the masses in 1939 when John Wayne wore a pair in the landmark Western movie Stagecoach. 
Widely available from 1939, Levi's 501 jeans have been voted the most iconic fashion item of all time. Second place went to Ralph Lauren's polo shirt, launched in 1972
Levi's 501s (pictured) quickly became a staple in the US, with Hollywood stars including Marilyn Monroe, James Dean and Marlon Brando seen in them
They soon became a staple in the States, with Hollywood icons including Marilyn Monroe, James Dean and Marlon Brando seen in them.
A hugely successful series of adverts in the 1980s and 1990s saw 501s achieve a global reach, and they have remained popular, with recent devotees including actresses Selena Gomez, Kristen Stewart and Sydney Sweeney. 
Second place in the poll was the classic Ralph Lauren polo shirt, introduced in 1972, while the timeless little black dress, designed and created by Coco Chanel in 1926, came third.
Staples such as Converse All Star trainers, Ray-Ban Aviator sunglasses – and the classic, plain white T-shirt – also featured high on the list.
The poll also found that fashionistas are becoming more thrifty, with seven in ten saying they regularly go shopping for vintage or second-hand clothes.
Daniel Fisher of shopping website Whatnot, which commissioned the poll, said: ‘It’s clear that more Brits are embracing second-hand fashion and iconic vintage pieces like Levi 501s, Ralph Lauren Polo shirts and little black dresses.’

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group