The K-pop superstar, who got her start as a member of the girl group BLACKPINK, has signed a global publishing administration deal with the company. 

													By
												

	Kristin Robinson

Senior Writer

ROSÉ has signed a global publishing administration deal with Warner Chappell Music. News of the deal arrives as her single “APT.” (featuring Bruno Mars, who is also signed to Warner Chappell and Atlantic Records) continues to dominate on the Billboard Global 200 and Global Excl. U.S. charts. 

	About a month ago, the song debuted at No. 1 on both charts and continues to rank at the top through the week of Nov. 23. It also debuted in the top 10 of the Billboard Hot 100 chart, which tracks popular singles in the U.S.

	Though ROSÉ has been a global icon since she joined BLACKPINK as its lead singer in 2016, “APT.” further solidified the singer as a star in her own right and acts as an introduction for her solo debut album rosie, which is set to drop on Dec. 6.




			Trending on Billboard		






	“I am beyond excited to join the team at Warner Chappell,” ROSÉ said of her new deal in a statement. “There is so much more to come that I can’t wait to share — it’s going to be an amazing journey.”

	“ROSÉ has earned this moment, and it’s a huge honor to officially welcome her to our Warner Chappell family,” added Ryan Press, president of North America at Warner Chappell, in a statement. “As she breaks record after record, she’s singlehandedly redefining the K-pop genre while also paving the way for a new era of cross-cultural expression. We’ve already hit the ground running with our partners at Atlantic to support ROSÉ’s bold vision and explore new creative opportunities for her songs. Above all, we can’t wait to see where her music takes us next.” 

	Born in Auckland and raised in Melbourne, ROSÉ has had her mind set on a career in music since she was 15. To help her achieve her dreams, the young singer moved to South Korea and soon after was selected as a member of BLACKPINK, the first K-Pop girl group to grace the cover of Billboard, win a VMA and headline Coachella.

	Though BLACKPINK had a number of top global hits, including “Pink Venom,” “How You Like That,” “Ice Cream (with Selena Gomez),” “Shut Down” and more, the members of BLACKPINK, like many other performers in the K-pop genre, did not take part in the songwriting process of those songs, meaning ROSÉ and her bandmates did not receiving publishing royalties. Now, the singer, whose real name is Park Chaeyoung (or Roseanne Park in English), is in the writing room, lending her pen to her new solo works “APT.” and “Number One Girl,” the second single to be released ahead of rosie. She also received writing credit for the two songs on her debut EP R, released in 2021.
Daily newsletters straight to your inbox
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.