The NTAs saw celebrities hitting the red carpet to celebrate the best of British television last night (11 September 2024), and there were plenty of incredible looks making an appearance. One star who knows a thing or two about red carpet glam is Frankie Bridge, who looked incredible in a three piece white outfit for the event.
Frankie gave fans a behind the scenes look on Instagram at what went into getting ready for the event, including the beauty products she used to create her soft glam. To help create her warm rosy glow, MUA Malin Coleman added a touch of Rare Beauty’s Soft Pinch Luminous Powder Blush, £26, to the presenter’s cheeks.
Read more: Stacey Solomon’s favourite perfume is now available in hand cream form for dry, sore hands
Read more: 'Best look yet!' – Frankie Bridge stuns fans as she takes to NTAs in daring white three-piece
Rare Beauty was founded by American singer and actress Selena Gomez, and is known for its products which enhance your natural beauty and complexion, as well as its breathable, blendable formulas. The Rare Beauty blush Frankie’s MUA selected not only adds a subtle flushed colour to your skin, but also contains a glow-boosting pigment which creates a luminous finish – perfect for catching the light on a red carpet.
There are six different shades to choose from which have been formulated to suit all skin tones, and it has a lightweight silky powder formula which is easy to blend for a naturally flushed finish. The pigmentation is also a big draw of the blusher, as it not only lasts all day but its buildable, too.
If you want a softer, more subtle look you simply have to apply a sweep of colour and blend in circular moments. However for a more intense shade you can apply more on top and keep blending to create the shade you want – you can even combine shades to create a bespoke colour that suits your skin perfectly.
The Rare Beauty blush can also be blended with other makeup products too, with Frankie also wearing Merit’s Flush Balm Cheek Colour, £32, to amp up her rosy cheeks. The two blushers were pictured alongside each other in Frankie’s stories proving they blend well together.
Merit’s blusher balm is made from microfine pigmented powders which help bring colour to your face without masking your skin’s natural texture, and has a similar lightweight and buildable formula that clearly plays well with Rare Beauty’s blusher. The Merit balm also contains vitamin E to help condition your skin, and has been carefully made without acne-triggering ingredients.
It also has a creamy texture, which means if you’re looking to replicate Frankie’s glow you’ll want to start with the Merit Flush Balm and blend it into your skin, before finishing with Rare Beauty’s powder-based formula, which helps make the colour pop and stay in place without patchiness or caking. The perfect soft glam secret!
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.