The beauty company has tapped DC Advisory to consider its options, sources told WWD.
Senior Editor, Beauty

	Another Rare Beauty is making moves in the deals space.

	Rare Beauty Brands, owner of Patchology and Dr. Dana Beauty, is exploring deal options, according to sources.

	The beauty company has hired investment bank DC Advisory to consider its options, industry sources told WWD. Annual sales for the whole company are said to be around $30 million.

	Both Rare Beauty Brands and DC Advisory declined to comment Thursday.

	This comes just one year after Rare Beauty Brands sold the natural skin care and body care brand Plant Apothecary to Goodwill Brands and Branded IP for an undisclosed sum, after acquiring it from its founders in 2019.





	
			Related Articles	
	













	Beauty Features
	



	
			Tracee Ellis Ross, Paloma Elsesser, Justine Skye and More Celebrate Inaugural Black Hair Show	
			













	Color Cosmetics
	



	
			Patrick Ta Beauty to Unveil First Beauty Pop-up This Weekend in West Hollywood	
			








	Mask brand Patchology, ​​known for its targeted skin solutions, including sheet masks for the face and feet and gel masks for eyes and lips, was launched in 2014. Its Patchology Flashpatch Rejuvenating Eye Gels, $35, were previously named by WWD Beauty Inc in the 100 top treatment products of all time.

	










	In 2021, Rare Beauty Brands acquired Dr. Dana Beauty, a nail care brand, from Nu Skin Enterprises Inc. Chronic issues the brand addresses include brittle nails, which include nails that break, peel, ridge or take long to grow. 

	This is turning out to be a busy year for brands coming to market. Kosas, Selena Gomez’ Rare Beauty, Osea, Merit and Jane Iredale are among the other beauty brands which have also hired bankers.

	The other Rare Beauty has hired investment banks Goldman Sachs and Raymond James, and is understood to be exploring both a sale and an initial public offering.
Sign up for beauty news straight to your inbox every day
Top News Stories Alerts Straight to your Inbox.
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
WWD and Women's Wear Daily are part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All Rights Reserved.