One Primark shopper has shared eight items in her basket that she picked up for £5 or less each.


  Elish Stout-Cairns, a bargain hunter from Newcastle, spoke to the money-saving community LatestDeals.co.uk where she gave them a peak at her top picks.


   “Primark is my go-to on the high street when it comes to affordable fashion and homeware," Elish commented.


  The savvy shopper added: "I’ve seen people online saying it’s gotten pricier the last few years, but you can still find bargains if you know what to look out for”.


One Primark shopper has shared eight items in her basket that she picked up for £5 or less each. ( PA)  (Image: PA)


  Tom Church, Co-founder of Latest Deals commented, “Eilish has shown that even with recent price hikes, you can still find major bargains at your favourite shops.


  "From beauty dupes to gift ideas, there’s plenty of choice for under £5. When you compare her finds to similar products from other brands, Eilish managed to save a whopping £130 on these eight items by switching to Primark”.


  Here are the eight items that she recommended, how much it cost her and what she saved from buying the high street finds over luxury designer labels.


  Cost - £5


  Saving - £60  (compared to Skims)


  “Not only are the Controlling Shaper Leggings a great price at just £5, they’re also a dupe for Kim Kardashian’s brand Skims," Elish said.


  She pointed out: "The Skims Support Leggings are a whopping £68, so the Primark alternative is more than £60 cheaper”.


  Cost - £3.50


  Saving - £7.50  ( compared to Nike)


  “I think socks, underwear and pyjamas are categories Primark does really well. For the basics, you don’t need to spend a lot, and their Trainer Socks are a great example of that.


  "They’re £3.50 for a pack of 7, and they have loads of colours. I recently found this pack of strawberry-themed ones. I compared the price to a 3 pack of ankle socks from Nike, which cost a whopping £11 at Amazon. So, you’re saving £7.50 and getting an extra 4 pairs”.


  Cost - £1.80


  Saving  - £1.70 ( compared to Yankee)


  Elish has recommended Primark’s Square Candles calling them a "great option" over the popular Yankee Candle brand.


  The bargain hunter commented: "They’re only £1.80 each and come in a few scents, including Cotton, Black Vanilla and Linen.


  "Small Jar Candles from Yankee Candles start from £3.50, so the Primark ones work out at around half the price”.


























                    View this post on Instagram
                
























A post shared by LatestDeals.co.uk (@latestdealsuk)






A post shared by LatestDeals.co.uk (@latestdealsuk)


  Cost - £4


  Saving - £6 (compared to Accessorize)


  For people looking for a new purse, or even a budget Birthday present for a friend, Elish recommends the Quilted Initial Purses.


  She describes them as "ideal" for £4 each.


  The shopper continued: "They come in black or cream, and you can choose your initial. Accessorize actually does a similar Initial Coin Purse for £10.


  "However, not only is it £6 more expensive, it also doesn’t have any compartments for cards, so the Primark one is definitely better value for money”.


  Cost - £3.50


  Saving - £12.50 ( compared to Anthropologie)


  “If, like me, you have an unhealthy addiction to buying mugs, Primark has a surprisingly good selection," the Primark fan said.


  The customer continued: "Recent favourite finds of mine include a Sunflower Mug and Orange Mug for £3.50 each.


  "I think they look just like the Anthropologie Mugs which can cost as much as £16 per mug”.


  Cost - £1.50


  Saving £13.49  ( compared to WH Smith)


  “Primark might not be your first thought when it comes to stationery, but they have a great selection of quirky pens and notebooks," according to Elish.


  She said: "For example, as part of their Harry Potter-themed range, they have Wand Pens for £1.50.


  "For reference, WH Smith sells a practically identical pen for £14.99 - crazy! So £1.50 seems like a steal to me”.


  Cost - £3.50


  Saving - £10.50 ( compared to M&S)


  The savvy shopper also recommended looking at the kid's section for bargains.


  She explained: "I find that some of their outfit sets can be a little pricey, but for sleepsuits, joggers, summer dresses and t-shirts, you can find some real gems. Recently I spotted a pair of Stitch Baby Joggers for just £3.50.


  "A similar pair of Blue Baby Joggers at M&S costs £14, so for a pair with a Disney Character print, Primark’s are great value”.


  Cost - £3.50


  Saving - £17.50 ( compared to Rare Beauty)


  “If you’re on a budget, I really recommend the Primark beauty section," Elish said.


  She added: "They have loads of buys for under a fiver, and lots of dupes for designer products. One of my favourites is their Cream Blusher, which is a dupe for Selena Gomez’s brand, Rare Beauty.


  "The Rare Beauty Melting Blushers are £21 each. The ones from Primark are only £3.50”.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.