Selena Gomez is no stranger to sharing her health issues with the public. Seven years ago, she bravely underwent a kidney transplant and has since received chemotherapy as part of her ongoing battle with lupus.
And in 2022, the 32-year-old also highlighted her struggles with low moods and bipolar disorder in her moving documentary, My Mind and Me. Now, it's been claimed that Selena has lifted the lid on another condition she's facing, after responding to body shamers on social media.
Attacked for her looks at the American French Film Festival in Los Angeles this week, the 'Good For You' singer reportedly clapped back at trolls on a TikTok video now removed, saying:"This makes me sick...I have SIBO in my small intestine," her comments read, according to MailOnline.
"I don't care that I don't look like a stick figure. I don't have that body. End of story. No I am NOT a victim. I'm just human." SIBO - or small intestinal bacterial overgrowth - is a little-known condition where excessive numbers of bacteria are found in the small intestine.
This can lead to a number of life-changing issues, including a loss of appetite, abdominal pain, nausea and diarrhoea. Dr Lawrence Cunningham, a retired GP at Help & Advice, told the Mirror: "Symptoms of SIBO can vary, but they typically include bloating, abdominal pain, diarrhoea, and sometimes malnutrition.
"These symptoms can be so broad that they overlap with other conditions, which is why diagnosis can be tricky...While it's not as commonly discussed as other gastrointestinal problems, it’s more prevalent than many people might think.
"In my experience, SIBO often goes undiagnosed because its symptoms can be mistaken for other digestive disorders."
  READ MORE    'I'm a weight loss doctor - swap out these three foods to help you shed weight'  [DOCTOR] 
We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy
Find out about the symptoms you need to watch out for and get health advice with our free health newsletter from the Daily Express
Dr Cunningham explained that SIBO is typically caused by an 'imbalance in the gut flora', which may be related to a compromised immune system or 'structural abnormalities'. Individuals with irritable bowel syndrome (IBS), celiac disease or diabetes may have an increased likelihood of experiencing SIBO, while certain medications can play a part as well.
This may include some proton pump inhibitors, typically used for acid reflux, which have the potential to cultivate an environment conducive to bacterial overgrowth. He continued: "SIBO isn't necessarily a life-long condition, but it can be persistent if not properly managed. Treatment usually involves antibiotics to reduce bacterial overgrowth, and dietary changes to prevent recurrence.
"If left untreated, SIBO can lead to complications such as nutrient deficiencies, weight loss, and damage to the intestinal lining. I’ve seen patients with severe cases experience significant life disruptions, which underscores the importance of early detection and management."
On a separate note, Dr Cunningham added: "One thing I always emphasise is the importance of a comprehensive approach to gut health. Lifestyle modifications, such as stress management and diet adjustments, play a significant role in both prevention and recovery. In my practice, mindfulness and holistic strategies often complement medical treatments effectively."
SEARCH
CONNECT WITH US
TODAY'S PAPER
 See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive.
EXPRESS.CO.UK
Daily Express uses notifications to keep you updated