Initial jewelry is sentimental and it’s a fashion statement. But instead of being something you only put on for special occasions, you’re likely to wear these personalized pieces every day. The best initial jewelry is crafted from beautiful metals and stones, it’s a stylish complement to other pieces or it can stand on its own, and it’s available in unique and unexpected constructions.
The best initial jewelry is stylish, unique, easy to layer and, of course, sentimental.
With this in mind, we rounded up the best initial necklaces, bracelets, rings and earrings that are timeless. On our list: a birthstone initial pendant from Brook and York, an alphabet ring from Catbird, and a multiple initial necklace from Zoe Lev. You’ll wear them—as well as many of our other picks below—to celebrate loved ones in style.
Jane Win
Inspired by 1900s coin jewelry, Jane Win Jewelry is both symbolic and stylish. This .75-inch diameter pendant is made from sterling silver plated in 14K gold. The shiny front side can be engraved—you can choose from four different fonts—and it’s surrounded with white topaz stones while the backside features a crescent moon and star design. You can choose from two different chains, which is helpful if you plan on layering necklaces.
BaubleBar
Made with gold plated brass and a mother of pearl and glass stone background to showcase your initial, this delicate necklace looks great layered with a variety of other chains in various metals. You can also choose from a dark mother of pearl of turquoise backdrop.
JENNY BIRD US
Worn by Hailey Bieber and Selena Gomez, Jenny Bird’s designs are subtly statement-making. Made from 14K recycled yellow gold, this puffy silhouette is both playful and unique. It comes on a diamond cut cable chain, and because it has a shortening ring, the chain can be worn at 16.5 or 18 inches.
Zoe Lev
Zoe Lev makes gorgeous, personalized jewelry, from heirloom charms to signet rings. We love that you can customize this necklace with between two and five initials to make it special. (Note that the price increases with each initial, however.) The asymmetrical placement of the initials is unexpected and unique, and it will have everyone asking about the significance of each letter.
Catbird
Catbird’s minimalist jewelry blends trendy and classic, and it’s also responsibly sourced. This thin 1mm band is made from recycled solid 14K yellow gold and set in pave with recycled round brilliant cut white diamonds. Stack it with another alphabet letter ring or with a solid gold band.
Gorjana
California-based Gorjana is beloved by everyone from tweens to celebrities. This low-key bracelet—it features a single letter on a fine chain in 18K gold plated brass—looks great on its own or styled with a larger stack in different materials and metals. At this accessible price, this initial bracelet makes a great thoughtful gift.
Brook And York
For an extra meaningful piece of jewelry, choose a sweet single initial pendant with a hand stamped initial alongside a birthstone. The 16-inch satellite chain has a two-inch extender for different lengths, and you can opt for gold or silver metal.
Babygold
Sweet and stylish, these cursive studs are crafted from 14K solid gold. Choose any two initials with meaning—for yourself, your kids or really just any letters that serve as a source of inspiration. 
Sequin
If you’re looking for a larger-scale piece, we love this substantial pendant from female-founded Sequin. It’s made from 22K gold-plated brass with a padlock-style element with pave crystal details. The 18-inch chain is substantial, durable and stylish, and it perfectly complements the rugged-yet-feminine initial.
Adina Reyter
With an ‘80s-inspired letter shape and a .06 carat touch of sparkle, this unique initial style from Los-Angeles-based Adina Reyter is a showstopper. We love this paper clip style 16-inch chain yellow gold chain, and it’s also available in a mixed metal chain version.
Mejuri
While pearls can at times feel stuffy or dated, this delicate charm gives them an updated feel. It features small freshwater pearls against a 14K gold backdrop—almost like pave diamonds—so they stand out. Note that this piece does not come with a chain. 
Monica Rish Kosann
Lockets are decidedly old school and can sometimes feel limiting because they can fit only a single image. This 1-inch high locket, however, can fit four so you can include multiple meaningful images, notes or other bits of inspiration. It’s made from sterling silver and set with white sapphires and comes with a 22-inch chain that has a loop for adjustability.
Edge of Ember
Sometimes you want multiple letters in the same font on a chain—maybe you want to include your first and last initial, the initials for your kids’ names, or even letters to honor your pets’ names. Edge of Ember’s 18K gold plated double initial necklace allows you to select two letters in a modern, chic font. You can choose from a 17-inch or 21-inch gold ball chain; or alternatively, this style is available in sterling silver.
Annoushka
The best jewelry is personal, and this style from British brand Annoushka will emphasize your individuality. It’s an unexpected take on the traditional featuring reverse-set diamonds with a textured matte and blackened gold finish.
Aurate
Mini jewelry can be extremely chic, and this modestly sized signet ring—made from recycled gold—comes in a delicate scale. It can be made in yellow gold, rose gold or white gold. To note: Some say the sizing can skew small.
Ring Concierge
This is a great gift for new moms or if you want to add a meaningful piece to your everyday necklace stack. The 14K solid gold curb chain on this style has visual heft, substance and shininess, but it also feels lightweight and dainty. Each letter features round cut natural diamonds, and the chain length is adjustable from 16 to 18 inches.
One of the Forbes Vetted’s fashion team’s specialties is jewelry, with our coverage including everything from the best places to buy diamond jewelry to the best lab grown diamonds.
One key thing to keep in mind is how you plan to wear your initial jewelry. Many people like to stack initial necklaces, rings and bracelets as part of a larger stack, while others like to wear each piece as a single focal point. There really are no rules—it comes down to personal preference and the look you’re going for. If you are stacking, be sure to vary jewelry thickness, texture, and even materials and color for a chic look. Bear in mind, though, that when it comes to necklaces, smaller chains have the potential to tangle with other necklaces more easily.
If want the option to vary your necklace length, look for styles with adjustability loops, like Brook And York’s Mackenzie Birthstone Initial Pendant or Monica Rish Kosann’s The Four Image Midi Sapphire Engraved Locket Necklace.
Initial jewelry is made with a variety of metals—yellow gold, white gold, rose gold or sterling silver—and stones such a natural diamonds, lab grown diamonds, pearls and semi-precious stones. Some companies, like Aurate and Brook and York, offer the same piece in different metals so you can choose the one you like best.
In general it’s best to use a gentle foam or liquid cleanser such as Hagerty Jewel Clean to clean metals and precious stones. (Find our complete list of best jewelry cleaners here.) Be careful, however, with more delicate materials such as pearls, as the finish can be stripped if the cleaner is too abrasive. If your piece has pave stones, take care to be gentle when using a brush, and it’s best not to use ultrasonic cleaners with those.
That’s really up to you. In many cases, you may also choose to wear initial jewelry that reflects your first of last initial, the name of your child, your pet or even your parents. Certain necklaces, such as Zoe Lev’s 14K Gold Asymmetrical Multiple Initials Necklace and Edge of Ember’s Double Initial Necklace, allow you to include multiple initials on one piece of jewelry.