All products featured on Glamour are independently selected by our editors. However, we may receive compensation from retailers and/or from purchases of products through these links.
After serving her fans a near-constant stream of manicure inspiration in 2024, Selena Gomez is giving her nails a break.
On March 29 the 31-year-old pop star was spotted in Soho wearing an off-the-shoulder black dress topped off with a row of oversized black bows. She paired the look with matching pumps and pantyhose, styling her midlength bob into a sleek twisted bun with her side bangs gelled down.
Once a lemon girl, always a lemon girl.
Though Gomez was recently seen rocking a soft yellow manicure for spring, her nails appeared polish-free in photos from her New York City outing. Perhaps she was preemptively avoiding bumble bee comparisons or the yellow simply didn’t go with her sparkling rings. Either way, her bare nails definitely give the elegant look a fresh touch.
Selena Gomez is seen in SoHo on March 29, 2024, in New York City.
It’s unclear if Selena Gomez was wearing any type of protective top coat, though you can get a closer look at her short, oval-shaped nails in a new post from “date night” with her little sister Gracie. In her Instagram photos, Gomez is rocking the same sleek hairstyle and rings from last night’s paparazzi pics, though she traded her long-sleeve black dress for a comfier crewneck sweater.
These photos also show off just how glowy Gomez’s makeup looked thanks, in part, to Rare Beauty’s new Soft Pinch Luminous Powder Blush. I guess TikTok was right about 2024 being the Year of Powder.
This content can also be viewed on the site it originates from.
Honestly, I’m tempted to take some nail polish remover to my new red manicure, but I’ll wait for them to grow out a bit first. Of course, bare nails may not excite everyone (especially nail biters), and there are a ton of fun colors and nail art trends popping up for spring 2024. For alternative nail inspiration, Glamour has you covered.
More from Glamour
See More Stories & Guides
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Glamour may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices