“Shogun” and “The Bear” are expected to earn big wins at the Emmy Awards on Sunday night, in a ceremony producers have said will lean heavily on nostalgia and celebrate television’s history, much like the postponed Emmys ceremony held in January.
Previous Emmy winner Jeremy Allen White is nominated for "The Bear." (Photo by VALERIE MACON/AFP via ... More Getty Images)
The 76th Primetime Emmy Awards will air Sunday at 8 p.m. EDT on ABC and will be available to stream on Hulu the following day.
Father-son actor duo Eugene and Dan Levy, who are both previous Emmy winners for “Schitt’s Creek,” will host in a ceremony producers have said will lean into nostalgia and reunite actors from older popular television shows.
Producers Jesse Collins, Dionne Harmon and Jeannae Rouzan-Clay, who also curated the previous Emmys ceremony, said the ceremony will honor “Saturday Night Live” for its 50th season, while actors Ron Howard and Henry Winkler will reunite to celebrate the 50th anniversary of “Happy Days.”
The producers said they’re saving another cast reunion secret for Sunday night, though Variety and Deadline speculated it could be for the 25th anniversary of “The West Wing,” as actors Martin Sheen, Allison Janney, Dulé Hill, Janel Moloney and Richard Schiff are slated to present.
Singer Jelly Roll is slated to perform during the “In Memoriam” segment, while other stars set to present include Selena Gomez, Nicola Coughlan, Katy Bates, Jimmy Kimmel and Colin Farrell.
With a leading 25 nominations, FX’s drama series set in 17th-century Japan, “Shogun,” is poised to win big on Sunday. Many publications, including the Los Angeles Times, Variety and The Hollywood Reporter, are expecting it to take home the Outstanding Drama Series prize, with Hiroyuki Sanada and Anna Sawai also predicted by these publications to win the lead actor and actress categories. Similarly, awards pundits are predicting “The Bear”—which earned 23 nominations this year, the most ever in a single year for a comedy series—to dominate, with possible wins in the Outstanding Comedy Series and lead actor categories for Jeremy Allen-White. “Baby Reindeer,” which was a big ratings hit for Netflix, is also projected by many publications to win the Outstanding Limited Series category.
Many Emmy awards in the technical and guest acting categories were handed out last weekend at the Creative Arts Emmy Awards ceremony. “Shogun” dominated the competition, winning a record-shattering 14 awards, the most ever for a single season of any show—and the main Emmys ceremony hasn’t even happened yet. The series won a guest actor award for Néstor Carbonell, alongside wins in cinematography, stunts, editing and more. “The Bear” won seven awards last weekend, including a guest-actress win for Jamie Lee Curtis, marking her first-ever win at the Emmys.
Some Emmy nominees are among the highest-paid showrunners of the past year, according to a Forbes analysis. “The Simpsons” showrunners James L. Brooks and Matt Groening were the joint third-highest paid showrunners of the past year with $135 million in earnings, though they lost the animated series Emmy last weekend to “Blue Eye Samurai.” Larry David ranks as the eight highest-earning showrunner of the past year with $48 million in earnings, and he’s up for two awards on Sunday: Outstanding Comedy Series and Lead Actor in a Comedy for “Curb Your Enthusiasm,” which wrapped up a 24-year run in April. Greg Berlanti, the 10th-highest paid showrunner with $40 million in earnings, known for writing and producing series like “Dawson’s Creek” and various DC Comics series, is nominated for Outstanding Television Movie as a producer of “Red, White & Royal Blue.” Six-time Emmy-winning “Game of Thrones” creators David Benioff and D.B. Weiss, who made $34 million over the past year, are up for Outstanding Drama Series once again, this time for Netflix’s “3 Body Problem.”
This will be the second Primetime Emmys ceremony held this year, because the ceremony originally scheduled to air in 2023 was pushed to January amid the Hollywood labor strikes. Though the ceremony date changed, the eligibility periods for both ceremonies remained the same. The upcoming Emmys will honor shows released between June 1, 2023 and May 31, 2024.
Emmy Nominations: ‘Shogun’ Leads With 25, ‘The Bear’ Earns Record 23 For Comedy Series (Forbes)
The Highest-Paid TV Showrunners 2024 (Forbes)
Emmys Loved Nostalgia For 75th Ceremony So Look For More Sunday: ‘West Wing’, ‘Happy Days’ Reunions, ‘Family Ties’, ‘Murphy Brown’ & More (Deadline)
One Community. Many Voices. Create a free account to share your thoughts. 
Our community is about connecting people through open and thoughtful conversations. We want our readers to share their views and exchange ideas and facts in a safe space.
In order to do so, please follow the posting rules in our site's Terms of Service.  We've summarized some of those key rules below. Simply put, keep it civil.
Your post will be rejected if we notice that it seems to contain:
User accounts will be blocked if we notice or believe that users are engaged in:
So, how can you be a power user?
Thanks for reading our community guidelines.  Please read the full list of posting rules found in our site's Terms of Service.