Her nail artist confirmed the exact Chanel polish shade to Bazaar 
Every product on this page was chosen by a Harper's BAZAAR editor. We may earn commission on some of the items you choose to buy.
Selena Gomez is engaged to Benny Blanco, but you likely knew that already. Those of us who obsess over nail polish—and know first-hand how excruciating it is to find the perfect shade—looked at that ring photo and wondered one thing: what nail polish is she wearing?
Nail artist Tom Bachik confirmed to Bazaar that Gomez was wearing Chanel's Le Vernis nail polish in the shade Ballerina, a sheer pink that looks gorgeous on everyone. It's the same shade she was spotted wearing on December 11 at the Academy Women’s Lunch, where she was photographed next to Ariana Grande. "I am just overwhelmed with joy for them," Bachik, Gomez's longtime nail artist, tells Bazaar exclusively.
This sheer pink polish makes nails and hands look healthy and fresh.
Finding the right polish for your engagement announcement photo is almost as challenging as finding the fiancé. Gomez and Bachik chose the perfect shade: Ballerina. The sheer but buildable ivory-pink color leaves nails looking clean and fresh. Bachik calls the shade "beautiful, timeless, and elegant." It's the ideal canvas for illuminating every facet of a sparkly ring, like Gomez's massive marquise diamond set on a twinkly diamond pavé band.
Chanel's polish formula also contains bioceramics and ceramides to help strengthen the natural nails underneath. Bachik topped off Gomez's polish with a layer of Chanel's Le Gel Top Coat, which contains film-forming agents to boost the glossy finish and extend the wear of the manicure. He also used the nail care tools from his Tweezerman collaboration on the star. 
I Tried Meghan Sussex's Complete Skincare Routine 
How to Get the Dandy Look
Ariana Greenblatt Is the New Face of L’Oréal Paris
15 SPF Moisturizers to Streamline Your Routine
How No-Makeup Makeup Revolutionized Beauty
The 43 Best Beauty Products Under $30
The 10 Colognes for Spring 2025 Experts Love
The 10 Best Butter Yellow Nail Polishes for Spring
The Best Microneedling Serums, According to Derms
Don't Miss Amazon's Limited-Time K-Beauty Deals
The 10 Best Drugstore Foundations for Mature Skin
The 10 Best Drugstore Toners Under $25
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.