Back in January, the 2024 Golden Globes kicked off a thrilling and turbulent awards season with a bang: Jo Koy ruffled feathers; Kylie Jenner and Timothée Chalamet looked like they’d been plucked straight out of a ’90s rom-com; Taylor Swift and Selena Gomez kept lip readers in business the world over; and almost everyone who’d go on to scoop an Oscar in a major category—from Christopher Nolan and Cillian Murphy to Emma Stone, Robert Downey Jr., Da’Vine Joy Randolph, Justine Triet, Billie Eilish, Hayao Miyazaki, and the producers of best-picture winner Oppenheimer—took home a Globe first. There was also the allure of all the glamorous TV contenders—the casts of Succession, The Bear, Beef, and The Crown were in attendance—as well as the raucous and relaxed atmosphere that sets this star-studded celebration apart from its more serious counterparts.
So, what can we expect from the 2025 ceremony? Here’s everything we know so far.
The 2025 Golden Globes will take place at the Beverly Hilton hotel in Los Angeles on Sunday, January 5.
The ceremony will air live from 8 p.m. EST on both CBS and Paramount+.
To watch the official live digital pre-show, hosted by Entertainment Tonight correspondent Rachel Smith and Marc Malkin, Variety’s senior culture and events editor, head to ETOnline.com, ET’s YouTube channel, GoldenGlobes.com, or Variety’s website or social channels from 6:30 p.m. ET.
Red carpet coverage on E!, meanwhile, will begin at 6 p.m. ET, with Access Hollywood’s Zuri Hall and comedian Heather McMahan serving as co-hosts.
After a disastrous stint from comedian Jo Koy last year–one that left many viewers asking if the show ought to be hostless going forward—the Golden Globes appointed a new master of ceremonies for 2025: the Emmy-nominated stand-up Nikki Glaser.
“I am absolutely thrilled to be hosting the Golden Globes,” she said in a statement. “It’s one of my favorite nights of television and now I get a front row seat. The Golden Globes is not only a huge night for TV and film, but also for comedy. It’s one of the few times that show business not only allows, but encourages itself to be lovingly mocked (at least I hope so). (God I hope so.) It’s an exciting, yet challenging gig because it’s live, unpredictable, and in front of Hollywood’s biggest stars (who also might be getting wasted while seated next to their recent exes). Some of my favorite jokes of all time have come from past Golden Globes opening monologues when Tina, Amy or Ricky have said exactly what we all didn’t know we desperately needed to hear. I just hope to continue in that time honored tradition (that might also get me cancelled). This is truly a dream job.”
Hold on to your hats: The performers tapped to dole out awards on Sunday night are set to include Andrew Garfield, Anthony Mackie, Anthony Ramos, Anya Taylor-Joy, Ariana DeBose, Aubrey Plaza, Auli’i Cravalho, Awkwafina, Brandi Carlile, Catherine O’Hara, Colin Farrell, Colman Domingo, Demi Moore, Dwayne Johnson, Édgar Ramírez, Elton John, Gal Gadot, Glenn Close, Jeff Goldblum, Jennifer Coolidge, Kaley Cuoco, Kate Hudson, Kathy Bates, Ke Huy Quan, Kerry Washington, Margaret Qualley, Melissa McCarthy, Michael Keaton, Michelle Yeoh, Miles Teller, Mindy Kaling, Morris Chestnut, Nate Bargatze, Nicolas Cage, Rachel Brosnahan, Rob McElhenney, Salma Hayek Pinault, Sarah Paulson, Seth Rogen, Sharon Stone, Vin Diesel, and Zoë Kravitz.
Also gracing the stage will be Viola Davis, this year’s recipient of the Cecil B. DeMille award for lifetime achievement, and Ted Danson, who will be honored with the Carol Burnett Award.
Nominees were announced on Monday, December 9—find them all here.
Golden Globes 2025: See Every Look From the Red Carpet
The Best Dressed Stars From the 2025 Golden Globes
See the Full List of 2025 Golden Globe Winners
Selena and Benny! Timmy and Kylie! See the Best Photos From Inside the 2025 Golden Globes
How to Watch Every Golden Globe-Nominated Movie and TV Show
More from Vogue
See More Stories
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Vogue may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
CN Fashion & Beauty