In a matter of days, America will be voting for their next president, but an episode of The Simpsons has led some fans to believe they already know the result.
Democratic nominee Kamala Harris and the republican party’s nominee Donald Trump are currently in a neck-and-neck race.
On November 5, millions will head to the polls if they haven’t already voted early – and cast ballots to choose the new leader of America. It’s often known who has won the election by the next morning, but it can also take a few days for this to be revealed.
When Harris was announced as the democratic leader, it didn’t take long for people to notice an eerie similarity in an old episode of the beloved animated series. Bart to The Future aired in 2000 during season 11 and has led people to make comparisons between Lisa Simpson and Harris.
The plot offers viewers a glimpse into the future and shows that Lisa – donning a powerful purple suit – is the President of the United States, while Bart is a White House freeloader.
Many on social media couldn’t help but compare the scenes to the images of Harris being sworn in as Vice President in a very similar outfit.
Now, as voters wait to soon have their say, account De’Ron has once again shared images from the episode, which they see as a prediction of the results.
In a screengrab from Bart to the Future, Lisa is sitting in the Oval Office and is telling her team: ‘As you know, we’ve inherited quite a budget crunch from President Trump.’
Alongside the snaps, De’Ron wrote: ‘I have no fear’ indicating they feel confident that Harris will be victorious. 
Others agreed with their statement, with echoes of ‘same’ and some fingers crossed emojis.
Mamma_x2 wrote: ‘You know I have done a lot of research and I could never understand how someone code consciously vote for Trump. But hey do what you do.
‘Praying for our country. The Lord & the Simpsons knows what comes next [sic].’
Quoting a comparison between Lisa and Kamala, Shy penned: ‘Praying the Simpsons predicted it right again.’
Broreen Jonathans said: ‘Are you voting for Kamala Harris or you’re trying to disagree with the Simpsons? #USElection2024 #KamalaHarris #donaltrump.’
A writer and showrunner for The Simpsons has previously opened up about how they may have predicted one of the biggest stories of the year, down to the tiniest details.
Discussing the prediction with the Hollywood Reporter, showrunner Mike Scully recalled: ‘The pantsuit may have been a nod to Hillary Clinton at the time, or we were just going for a power look.’
‘That seemed to have been a random choice. It may have been done by the animators,’ he said of her purple suit, before insisting of the pearls: ‘Lisa always wears them.’
Fans will be well aware of how the cartoon has forecasted some other huge moments in history, including the World Cup final, the Titanic submersible tragedy last year, and Donald Trump’s presidency.
Reflecting on the prediction that Donald Trump would run for President, he shared that the writers were bouncing around ‘crazy names’ who would be ‘the stupidest person that America could elect. And somebody said Donald Trump’.
Shortly after Biden’s endorsement, fans of the animated sitcom flocked to social media to share their surprise over the similarities between the decades-old episode and real-life events.
The Simpsons showrunner Al Jean expressed his pride in having been a part of the storyline, writing on X alongside a side-by-side image of Lisa and the Vice President: ‘@TheSimpsons “prediction” I’m proud to be a part of.’
‘The Simpsons are back at it again’, wrote X user kirawontmiss, sharing a photo of Harris donning a purple blazer and pearl necklace, you guessed it, just like Lisa’s.
‘Simpsons predictions always accurate’, declared wyalucid.
‘Whoever the writers were for the Simpsons needs to be studied at Harvard’, added Kingehsan18.
‘I’m now convinced that the people who wrote the scripts for each episode of the Simpsons are time travellers’, wrote NeoForMVS.
‘The Simpsons really had some serious detail’, reacted MandalayyBayy__, freaked out by how even Lisa’s jewellery was the same.
Time will tell whether Harris will be successful when America heads to the polls, but she has already declared it an ‘honour’ to have President Joe Biden’s endorsement in her campaign.
‘On behalf of the American people, I thank Joe Biden for his extraordinary leadership as President of the United States and for his decades of service to our country,’ she said in a statement.
The Current Vice President has also been endorsed by ‘fearless’ Jennifer Lopez, Taylor Swift, Beyonce, Jennifer Aniston, Selena Gomez and the Foo Fighters.
No stranger to a coincidence, the writers have often unknowingly foreshadowed celebrity deaths, political milestones, pop culture scandals, and sporting wins in the episodes, from the election of Trump to the Super Bowl results.
Most recently, Channel 4 had to pull an episode from its schedule at the last minute after the gun attack on Trump at his rally in Pennsylvania.
An episode from 1996 follows Lisa as she finds out that Springfield’s founder was a murderous pirate who tried to assassinate George Washington.
One scene shows the assassination attempt as a law enforcement officer takes aim at the podium of a rally, seemingly mirroring what happened to Trump. 
Speaking previously about the conspiracies surrounding the programme, Jean, one of its oldest writers, credited their ability to luck and just how many episodes have been made since The Simpsons premiered in 1990.
He explained: ‘One of our writers, the guy whose episode predicted Donald Trump as President, said it best, “If you write 700 episodes and you don’t predict anything, then you’re pretty bad. If you throw enough darts, you’re going to get some bullseye”.’
‘The 9/11 one is so bizarre. In the World Trade Center episode, there was a brochure reading $9 a day with an 11 styled up like the towers. That was in ’96, which was crazy, like, this insane coincidence,’ he added.
‘But mostly it’s just educated guesses.’
The Simpsons is available to stream on Disney Plus.
Got a story?
If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.
'This iconic sculpting gel is my go-to primer for a plump yet defined appearance'
Nail the Western style come festival season with this Free People-inspired jacket
'Extremely good' Morrisons wines under £13 you need to try this summer
‘Like sleeping on a cloud’ hail shoppers as £12 mattress protector scores glowing reviews
Testing the Uniqlo Round Mini Shoulder Bag – how much can it really hold?
Arrow
MORE: Why is Donald Trump so orange?
Arrow
MORE: US election day weather could make voting difficult for some
Arrow
MORE: First US election results are in and it couldn’t be closer
Sign up and tell us which TV shows you love to watch to get personalised updates every morning.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Your information will be used in line with our Privacy Policy
Sign up and tell us which TV shows you love to watch to get personalised updates every morning.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Your information will be used in line with our Privacy Policy