Yes, it’s made out of tinsel 

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

.
With the days growing colder and holiday festivities quickly approaching, it's officially gifting and party-dressing season. This time of year brings countless opportunities to invest in a luxury gift for a loved one (or yourself) and to step into the celebrations with the ultimate statement shoe - a piece as timeless as it is festive.Introducing Jimmy Choo’s Ruby Red Tinsel Ixia 95 pumps. Debuting as part of the brand’s Autumn/Winter 2024 collection, these pumps are designed to embody the season's spirit. The collection focuses on party-ready pieces that are unique, playful, and elegantly sculpted—timeless enough for repeated wear yet fabulous enough to double as festive decor. New tree topper, anyone?
Tinsel is used throughout the collection with red or black tinsel featured on the Ixia 95 heels, the brand’s classic Bon Bon bags, and the Bing Pump flat shoes. However, the Ixia 95 instantly received cult status due to its winning combination plus a signature detail for the brand: its drop heel.
First introduced in Winter 2023, Jimmy Choo’s drop heel silhouette reflects the brand’s DNA, which draws inspiration from natural forms and architectural elegance, as seen in its signature diamond motifs. Shaped like a drop of liquid in motion, the teardrop heel is both fluid and strong—an embodiment of the dynamic, empowered Jimmy Choo woman.
After its release, the Drop Heel gained plenty of recognition amongst the fashion set and celebrities. Selena Gomez, Sydney Sweeney, Kaia Gerber, and Elle Fanning are amongst the shoe’s biggest fans who have embraced the heel, showcasing its versatility on red carpets and at events in various styles and heights. It's no surprise, then, that this celebrated silhouette has returned this year with a festive upgrade, perfectly timed for the holiday season.
With a classic pointed court shoe silhouette and leather lining throughout, the Ixia 95 pumps are set to become your chicest ally this party season. When it comes to styling these glamorous heels, the possibilities are endless.
For those who shy away from bold colors, the tinsel detailing and ruby red hue make a statement all on their own. As a firm believer in the ‘pop of red’ styling hack, these pumps pair perfectly with a neutral oversized suit or a classic black party dress. Add sheer tights for extra warmth, and you're ready to go.
On the other hand, if you're a maximalist, these tinsel heels are the perfect addition to the festive section of your wardrobe. Simply add to your favourite red outfit with statement jewellery for some final touches.
Celebrity news, beauty, fashion advice, and fascinating features, delivered straight to your inbox!
Regardless of your approach, if you’re looking to stand out this holiday season, Jimmy Choo’s Ixia 95 is the bold, artful shoe that will turn heads and remain a timeless treasure in your collection for years to come.
RELATED STORIES
RELATED STORIES
.
Lily Russo-Bah joined Marie Claire UK as Fashion Director in March 2024. With over 16 years of experience in fashion editorial and e-commerce across print and digital, she has delivered industry-leading editorial content, creative direction, and social strategy.
Lily is responsible for shaping and executing the magazine’s new luxury fashion repositioning and content strategy. She styles main fashion shoots, interviews leading women in fashion for the Women Who Win franchise, and commissions top industry creatives. Lily has a unique ability to filter through the noise and lead the conversation. Her flair for trend spotting and distinctive editorial vision mean Marie Claire UK readers are always one step ahead of the game. 
She is a passionate supporter of female empowerment, diversity and sustainability - all core Marie Claire UK values - and in her new role she is thrilled to be able to support female founders, to highlight the diverse talent in the fashion industry and to give a platform to brands making a positive social impact in the world. 

Everything you need to know about the fashion houses Italian-inspired collection


You can still shop her princess-approved style


Wheezing


The perfect every day carry all


Timeless simplicity


We explore what makes this signature bag a customer favourite to this day


Watch Mytheresa's Chief Buying Officer give us an exclusive look inside her wardrobe


The brands—and looks—set to influence your wardrobe


We look back at over 75 years of history


Where fashion meets art history


Marie Claire UK is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury,
Bath
BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.