I can co-sign this 2000s trend.


When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

.
The Cannes red carpet is always couture—and Margaret Qualley’s debut look is no exception. The actress arrived at the red carpet premiere of Kinds of Kindness dressed in Chanel. But, she did decide to bring an unexpected accessory back from the depths of the 2000s: A bedazzled, star-embellished headband.
While Qualley’s topper is notably made with high-quality crystals, the sentiment of a butterfly clip-esque hairpiece at Cannes is worth celebrating. In a sea of side parts and straight hair, the Poor Things actress did not shy away from making an unforeseen beauty statement. She played into the whimsy of her headband with a dainty black ribbon fastened at the base of her intentionally undone updo.
The actress kept her makeup simple, letting her hair accessory be the focal point. 
Her makeup tied the coquette aesthetic together, with fresh skin, pale pink blush, and nearly bare lips. If I had to guess, a pink balm and a bit of clear gloss were the only products that made the cut. Qualley didn’t even wear fake lashes for the occasion, letting her headband remain the star of the beauty look.
While Qualley’s sparkly accessory has unequivocally been my favorite from the Cannes beauty looks, it’s clear that celebrities are leaning into hair accessories this year.
Anya Taylor-Joy, on the left, is wearing Jil Sander, while Selena Gomez, on the right, is pictured in Self Portrait. 
Anya Taylor-Joy, normally wearing her hair pin-straight, decided to wear a mesh beaded cap to the Furiosa: A Mad Max Saga premiere. Selena Gomez—who hasn’t yet made a red carpet appearance—did step foot in Cannes with a sleek gold clip pinning back the flyways on her slicked-back bun.
To bide your time until more noteworthy hair accessories make their way onto the Cannes red carpet, shop similar styles ahead.
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.
.
Samantha Holender is the Senior Beauty Editor at Marie Claire, where she reports on the best new launches, dives into the science behind skincare, and shares the breakdown on the latest and greatest trends in the beauty space. She's studied up on every ingredient you'll find on INCI list and is constantly in search of the world's glowiest makeup products. She's constantly tracking the biggest nail and hair trends to pop up in the beauty space, going backstage during fashion weeks, tracking celebrity looks, and constantly talking to celebrity hair stylists, nail artists, and makeup artists. Prior to joining the team, she worked as Us Weekly’s Beauty and Style Editor, where she stayed on the pulse of pop culture and broke down celebrity beauty routines, hair transformations, and red carpet looks. Her words have also appeared on Popsugar, Makeup.com, Skincare.com, Delish.com, and Philadelphia Wedding. Samantha also serves as a board member for the American Society of Magazine Editors (ASME). She first joined the organization in 2018, when she worked as an editorial intern at Food Network Magazine and Pioneer Woman Magazine. Samantha has a degree in Journalism and Mass Communications from The George Washington University’s School of Media and Public Affairs. While at GWU, she was a founding member of the school’s HerCampus chapter and served as its President for four years. When she’s not deep in the beauty closet or swatching eyeshadows, you can find her obsessing over Real Housewives and all things Bravo. Keep up with her on Instagram @samholender.

She never misses.


We're getting serious vacation envy from Tina Fey's latest comedy.


They've "never been fazed by being out in public."


You don't need to be famous to try the trend.


The actor would rather think of her hair and makeup as "performance."


The actress abandoned her signature long hair for a preppy, chin-length bob.


When she'd rather be home in her slippers, this is what she wears for a mood-boost.


Big 2014 energy.


She makes it look so expensive.


The ultra big, ultra feminine look.


The brand partnered with P.F. Flyers to create three new sneaker and manicure designs.


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.