Getty Images; Instagram
Off the market? Dylan O’Brien has been rumored to be dating New York City-based model Rachael Lange since early 2023.
Keep reading for details on their relationship and more. 
The Teen Wolf star was first seen holding hands with the model at Paris Fashion Week in January 2023, and the two have since been spotted together a handful of other times.
It’s unclear what’s going on between the Not Okay star and model since neither of them has spoken publicly about their relationship.
In July 2024, Rachael posted a series of Instagram photos from her vacation in Tokyo, Japan, including one of Dylan holding three pigs and another of the two posed for a selfie on the street (see below).
The actor has been romantically linked to a ton of stars. In December 2022, he sparked relationship speculation with Selena Gomez when a Deux Moi tipster shared a photo of them out and about in New York City together on what appeared to be a date. Months prior, a separate Deux Moi post showed Dylan walking around the Big Apple with Sabrina Carpenter in September 2022.
It’s unclear where his relationship status stood with either star as they never spoke about their relationship publicly.
The Maze Runner star did, however, date A Dog’s Purpose star Britt Robertson for six years. They kicked off their long-term romance after meeting on set of the 2012 movie The First Time and J-14 confirmed the news of their split in December 2018.
For years, fans have speculated that Dylan and Parenthood star Sarah Ramos were romantically involved. However, she married longtime love Matt Spicer in 2020, meaning that she and Dylan are nothing more than friends. In fact, he called her “one of my best friends,” during an interview with the Hollywood Reporter in 2020.
Since the actor is super private about his personal life, he hasn’t said much. That being said, he did share the importance of platonic friendships while appearing on the “Big Ticket” podcast in October 2020.
“I had friends that were so dear to me that I had felt that I had neglected for years,” the MTV alum recalled at the time. “All of a sudden, it was very important to me to nurture those relationships and not lose them. I think that it absolutely completely rewires and restructures the way you see your life and what you deem important.”
Love J-14? Be sure to subscribe to our YouTube channel for fun, exclusive videos with your favorite stars.
J-14 has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.
J-14 is part of the a360media Entertainment Group.Copyright © a360media 2025. All Rights Reserved