The Emmys 2024 nominations had a few surprises in store—but mostly, the show chose to recognize the shows and performers we thought they would. The same, we imagine, will be true when the Primetime Emmys 2024 announce their winners on September 15. The Creative Arts Emmys indicate that, as expected, Shōgun will be a powerhouse; FX’s critically acclaimed drama has already picked up 14 statuettes, with many more big wins to come.
In the comedy categories, we can expect to see another sweep for The Bear—even if the show’s recently released, less well-received third season may have put a bad taste in voters’ mouths. (And even if, as we’ve been saying for years, it’s kinda rich to call The Bear a comedy.) In the limited series categories, the Emmy winners may be slightly more spread out—but the biggest prizes will probably go to Baby Reindeer, the dark, based-on-a-true-story Netflix comedy that took viewers and voters by surprise this spring.
Who else might break into the Primetime Emmys’ 2024 winners circle? Before you fill out your ballot, read on for our official predictions.
Abbott ElementaryWINNER: The BearCurb Your EnthusiasmHacksOnly Murders in the BuildingPalm RoyaleReservation DogsWhat We Do in the Shadows
If The Bear’s third season hadn’t aired yet, this would be the simplest category of the night to predict. Season two, which is technically nominated and being voted on for the wins, was a bona fide cultural phenomenon, to say nothing of the swath of industry awards that have already come the show’s way, from SAG to PGA to Golden Globes. And indeed, The Bear is still strong enough overall to comfortably take pole position here. But season three, which voters will have closer in mind as they cast their final ballots (it’ll technically be eligible next year), was far more divisive within the industry, leaving room for a potential upset. That honor would surely go to Hacks, coming off of a series-best run, which rose in the ratings and packed houses for its FYC events. It’s also the funnier of the two shows, if that matters. But if past is prologue, it probably won’t. —David Canfield
Quinta Brunson, Abbott ElementaryAyo Edebiri, The BearSelena Gomez, Only Murders in the BuildingMaya Rudolph, LootWINNER: Jean Smart, HacksKristen Wiig, Palm Royale
Half of this category’s nominees are coming off of a win. Two years ago, Jean Smart triumphed here for Hacks. That show then took a year off, paving the way for Quinta Brunson to win her first acting award for Abbott’s last season. That same cycle, Ayo Edebiri won in the supporting category—but she submitted as a lead for season two of The Bear. So here we are, with three contenders hoping to start a best-actress streak. Smart is the only one to have already done it, having won for Hacks’ first season as well, and I do think that’s the difference-maker here: Her performance in Hacks is undeniable, especially for this most recent season. And we haven’t seen the Academy disagree yet. —DC
Matt Berry, What We Do in the ShadowsLarry David, Curb Your EnthusiasmSteve Martin, Only Murders in the BuildingMartin Short, Only Murders in the BuildingWINNER: Jeremy Allen White, The BearD’Pharaoh Woon-A-Tai, Reservation Dogs
This category, fortunately, remains the easiest to predict of the night. Jeremy Allen White is still such an overwhelming force on The Bear that nothing stands in his way for a second consecutive cycle. I can’t remember the last time he lost a version of this category—he swept the recent winter Emmy awards—but whenever it happened, it certainly wasn’t to any of the men nominated alongside him, whose shows simply don’t have the might to power past him. —DC
This content can also be viewed on the site it originates from.
Lionel Boyce, The BearPaul W. Downs, HacksWINNER: Ebon Moss-Bachrach, The BearPaul Rudd, Only Murders in the BuildingTyler James Williams, Abbott ElementaryBowen Yang, Saturday Night Live
The Emmys are known for sweeps, and with The Bear expected to win in a lot of other categories on Sunday, it’s hard to see Ebon Moss-Bachrach not landing this prize for the second year in a row. If we simply must predict a spoiler, maybe Moss-Bachrach and his costar Lionel Boyce split the vote and Paul Rudd walks away with the category because everyone loves Paul Rudd. But that is almost assuredly not going to happen. —Richard Lawson
Carol Burnett, Palm RoyaleLiza Colón-Zayas, The BearWINNER: Hannah Einbinder, HacksJanelle James, Abbott ElementarySheryl Lee Ralph, Abbott ElementaryMeryl Streep, Only Murders in the Building
The Emmys love to award Abbott Elementary and The Bear—and who could resist handing over another trophy to national treasures like Burnett and Streep? But with last year’s winner Ayo Edebiri now in the lead category, Einbinder should sail fairly seamlessly into her first major awards victory for Hacks. Although Jean Smart has won for both previous seasons of the series, it was Hannah Einbinder who received an outpouring of praise for the show’s critically acclaimed third season finale. During the episode’s final moments, Einbinder’s Ava blackmails her domineering boss Deborah, threatening to go public with a scandal that could dismantle Deborah’s newly-acquired late-night show—that is, unless she makes Ava head writer of the program. In the aftermath, Einbinder earned impassioned calls on social media for her first Emmy win. —Savannah Walsh
Abbott Elementary — Randall Einhorn for “Party”WINNER: The Bear — Christopher Storer for “Fishes”The Bear — Ramy Youssef for “Honeydew”The Gentlemen — Guy Ritchie for “Refined Aggression”Hacks — Lucia Aniello for “Bulletproof”The Ms. Pat Show — Mary Lou Belli for “I’m the Pappy”
The directors’ branch? Yeah, Christopher Storer should have this in the bag for his vision behind “Fishes.” The episode perfectly showcases The Bear’s cinematic qualities and what makes it feel so fresh as an episodic series, complete with flourishes that are hard to resist. Storer’s only issue is his in-show competition, Ramy Youssef’s own lovely handling of the Marcus-centric “Honeydew.” But I suspect The Bear will be so dominant that it won’t split the votes so much as overwhelmingly stack the ballots. In that scenario, Storer still comes away a decisive winner. —DC
Abbott Elementary — Quinta Brunson for “Career Day”The Bear — Christopher Storer and Joanna Calo for “Fishes”Girls5eva — Meredith Scardino and Sam Means for “Orlando”WINNER: Hacks — Lucia Aniello, Paul W. Downs, and Jen Statsky for “Bulletproof”The Other Two — Chris Kelly and Sarah Schneider for “Brooke Hosts a Night of Undeniable Good”What We Do in the Shadows — Jake Bender and Zach Dunn for “Pride Parade”
Hacks has defeated a juggernaut here before—for its first season, it overcame a seemingly unbeatable Ted Lasso—and I suspect it can do it again. The show is wisely competing with its season finale, which brings many of its explosive storylines to a head in alternately riveting and hilarious fashion. Ostensible front-runner The Bear, meanwhile, is competing with Fishes, an epic episode of television that is closer to family horror than sitcom. The writers’ branch likes to go their own way, and in that discrepancy, I suspect they’ll pass over the (relatively) dramatic choice for another show they know and love. —DC
The CrownFalloutThe Gilded AgeThe Morning ShowMr. & Mrs. SmithWINNER: ShōgunSlow Horses3 Body Problem
Given how well Shōgun performed at the Creative Arts Emmys this past weekend, we’d be fools not to predict a win here. The sweeping, wholly entertaining FX series is the juggernaut of the drama category, likely to lay waste to all its enemies. If anything is in a distant second place, it might actually be The Morning Show, which has only picked up Emmys momentum since it debuted. Or it could be The Crown, taking one last victory lap. But sometimes the Television Academy is actually reactive to buzz, and no show on this list was as buzzy as Shōgun. —RL
Idris Elba, HijackDonald Glover, Mr. & Mrs. SmithWalton Goggins, FalloutGary Oldman, Slow HorsesWINNER: Hiroyuki Sanada, ShōgunDominic West, The Crown
Expect the Shōgun steam train to keep rolling in this category. After dominating at the Creative Arts Emmys, acclaimed Japanese actor Hiroyuki Sanada should make some room on his mantle. As Lord Yoshii Toranaga, the brilliant and ruthless regent ruling in imperial Japan, Sanada delivers a towering, critically acclaimed performance that serves as the life force behind the series, for which he is also a producer. And in a field of six fresh nominees, there’s no incumbent winner standing in Sanada’s path toward victory. —Chris Murphy
Jennifer Aniston, The Morning ShowCarrie Coon, The Gilded AgeMaya Erskine, Mr. & Mrs. SmithWINNER: Anna Sawai, ShōgunImelda Staunton, The CrownReese Witherspoon, The Morning Show
With the overwhelming love for Shōgun this year (25 nominations!), it feels pretty obvious that its biggest breakout star, Anna Sawai, will win this category. If there is going to be an upset, we’d think it would be Imelda Staunton. Both actresses who have previously played Queen Elizabeth on The Crown—Claire Foy and Olivia Colman—won this category before, so there’s a possibility that Staunton could also reign for wrapping up the Netflix series. But the show has also lost steam with the TV Academy, which seems likely instead to turn their attention to something shiny and new. —Rebecca Ford
Tadanobu Asano, ShōgunWINNER: Billy Crudup, The Morning ShowMark Duplass, The Morning ShowJon Hamm, The Morning ShowTakehiro Hira, ShōgunJack Lowden, Slow HorsesJonathan Pryce, The Crown
With most of the major acting categories sewn up, the best supporting actor in a drama series race remains stubbornly, if refreshingly, open. The Academy could well honor one of the standout performances in Shōgun—odds point to Asano, playing a fan-favorite character who has been branded an MVP in the breakout series. Or Pryce could, like Tobias Menzies in 2021, win for his portrayal of Prince Philip on The Crown. But these shows are predicted to get acting wins elsewhere: Anna Sawai and Hiroyuki Sanada are favorites in the lead categories, and Elizabeth Debicki is favored for her supporting performance as Princess Diana. That means voters may use this category to spread the wealth. And The Morning Show heads into the 2024 Emmys with a staggering 16 nominations, making its third season its most celebrated. As such, Crudup, who won this category in 2020, is primed for a repeat win, following another standout season as eccentric TV exec Cory Ellison, who—unlike Mark Duplass and Jon Hamm’s characters—gets to spar equally with both Jennifer Aniston and Reese Witherspoon. —SW
Christine Baranski, The Gilded AgeNicole Beharie, The Morning ShowWINNER: Elizabeth Debicki, The CrownGreta Lee, The Morning ShowLesley Manville, The CrownKaren Pittman, The Morning ShowHolland Taylor, The Morning Show
The Morning Show’s insane four nominations in this category speak to the show’s popularity, but the group of nominees is likely to cancel each other out. The same can’t be said for the pair of nominees from The Crown. While Lesley Manville is lovely on this show, the final season of the series orbits around Elizabeth Debicki’s performance as Princess Diana. Even when the show is tracing the events after Diana’s death, she’s still present. Debicki lost this category last year to Jennifer Coolidge (whose White Lotus performance would not be denied), but this year, the runway is clear for her to win. —RF
WINNER: The Crown — Stephen Daldry for “Sleep, Dearie Sleep”The Morning Show — Mimi Leder for “The Overview Effect”Mr. & Mrs. Smith — Hiro Murai for “First Date”Shōgun — Frederick E.O. Toye for “Crimson Sky”Slow Horses — Saul Metzstein for “Strange Games”Winning Time: The Rise of the Lakers Dynasty — Salli Richardson-Whitfield for “Beat L.A.”
There’s a strong chance this award could go to the same show—Shōgun—that will win the drama series award, but we think this might be a category where voters choose to give some love to a different show instead. Hiro Murai, nominated for Mr. & Mrs. Smith, has become a popular rising star in directing, while Mimi Leder is a veteran who could win over voters in the Academy. But we think voters will give The Crown, which has won this category twice (in 2021 and 2018), a kind send-off, with Stephen Daldry earning his second directing win for this show. —RF
The Crown — Peter Morgan and Meriel Sheibani-Clare for “Ritz”Fallout — Geneva Robertson-Dworet and Graham Wagner for “The End”Mr. & Mrs. Smith — Francesca Sloane and Donald Glover for “First Date”Shōgun — Rachel Kondo and Caillin Puente for “Crimson Sky”WINNER: Shōgun — Rachel Kondo and Justin Marks for “Anjin”Slow Horses — Will Smith for “Negotiating With Tigers”
One show has won this category for four of the five past years. But luckily for the other nominees, Succession isn’t in the race anymore. The Crown is the only other currently nominated show to have ever won in this category, so there’s a strong chance voters could once again give creator Peter Morgan the trophy. But the fact that Shōgun has earned two nominations here is significant. We’re betting on “Anjin,” which is the first episode of the show—written by husband and wife team Justin Marks and Rachel Kondo, which had the difficult task of establishing the world of Shōgun and its characters. —RF
WINNER: Baby ReindeerFargoLessons in ChemistryRipleyTrue Detective: Night Country
In another year, any of these worthy contenders could well sweep the limited series categories. Night Country breathed new life into the True Detective franchise; Ripley found an entirely fresh take on a classic novel that had already inspired multiple adaptations, including a canonical 1999 film; Fargo’s fifth season got back to basics, delivering a perfectly executed, darkly funny, sneakily feminist noir; Lessons in Chemistry is a crowd-pleaser with a girlboss-approved message. Unfortunately for these series, they were all released the same year as Baby Reindeer, an out-of-nowhere phenomenon that feels like a spiritual successor to Fleabag—and we all remember how many Emmys Fleabag won, right? —Hillary Busis
WINNER: Jodie Foster, True Detective: Night Country Brie Larson, Lessons in Chemistry  Juno Temple, FargoSofía Vergara, GriseldaNaomi Watts, Feud: Capote vs. the Swans
There is an argument to be made for each of these actors, from delivering strong dramatic performances after starring in a comedic show (Juno Temple and Sofía Vergara) to an exciting career resurgence (Naomi Watts) and a captivating leading role based on popular source material (Brie Larson). But the fact is that a movie star often wins this category (Kate Winslet, Regina King, Michelle Williams, and Nicole Kidman have all clinched the trophy in recent years), and Jodie Foster, fresh off an Oscar nomination, delivered knockout work in True Detective: Night Country. Her performance is going to get her back on that stage, and hopefully delivering another memorable speech. —RF
Matt Bomer, Fellow TravelersRichard Gadd, Baby ReindeerWINNER: Jon Hamm, FargoTom Hollander, Feud: Capote vs. the SwansAndrew Scott, Ripley
There is no Baby Reindeer without Richard Gadd, who wrote and stars in the series based on his own acclaimed one-man stage show. Gadd’s performance in the show is wrenching and raw, well worth awards recognition. But Gadd also seems like a lock in the limited series writing category, which may cause voters to look elsewhere in limited series acting—and those voters are very high on Hamm’s supply, having nominated him in two separate categories this year. After making him wait to clinch his win until the very last season of Mad Men, it would feel sweet to see him win outright for one of this TV season’s most imposing, dynamic characters. —HB
WINNER: Jonathan Bailey, Fellow TravelersRobert Downey Jr., The SympathizerTom Goodman-Hill, Baby ReindeerJohn Hawkes, True Detective: Night CountryLamorne Morris, FargoLewis Pullman, Lessons in ChemistryTreat Williams, Feud: Capote vs. the Swans
Earlier this year, an Emmy victory for Robert Downey Jr. seemed like a pretty safe bet. The beloved Hollywood vet was coming off an Oscar win for Oppenheimer and had landed a plum role in HBO’s Vietnam-focused The Sympathizer, playing a variety of insidious, imperialist white guys. (Sometimes, he played all of them at the same time.) But The Sympathizer hasn’t really had the juice the network may have expected it to, while Fellow Travelers has stuck around. And Jonathan Bailey is the heart of that show, playing stalwart anti-Communist turned gay rights activist Tim Laughlin. Not for nothing, Bailey is also on a bit of a hot streak right now, with a season of Bridgerton behind him and the Wicked movie yet to come. He won a Critics Choice award for this role in January; we think he’ll pull off an Emmy win on Sunday too. —HB
Dakota Fanning, RipleyLily Gladstone, Under the BridgeWINNER: Jessica Gunning, Baby ReindeerAja Naomi King, Lessons in ChemistryDiane Lane, Feud: Capote vs. the SwansNava Mau, Baby ReindeerKali Reis, True Detective: Night Country
Few of us could have identified Jessica Gunning’s face in a police lineup early this year, but who wouldn’t recognize her now? Her riveting performance as a stalker in Baby Reindeer makes Gunning the very likely front-runner in this race. She does face some fierce competition from Kali Reis (a former boxer who gave a haunting performance in True Detective: Night Country) and Baby Reindeer castmate Nava Mau (the first transgender performer to be nominated in this category), as well as more established figures like Dakota Fanning and Diane Lane. Thanks to the runaway popularity of this British limited series, though, the award feels like it’s Gunning’s to lose. —Joy Press
WINNER: Baby Reindeer — Weronika Tofilska for “Episode 4”Fargo — Noah Hawley for “The Tragedy of the Commons”Feud: Capote vs. the Swans — Gus Van Sant for “Pilot”Lessons in Chemistry — Millicent Shelton for “Poirot”Ripley — Steven ZaillianTrue Detective: Night Country — Issa López
This category can seem like it’s comparing apples to oranges. Two of the directors (True Detective: Night Country’s Issa López and Ripley’s Steven Zaillian) are nominated for helming entire limited series—and visually stunning ones at that. The others (including two-time Oscar nominee Gus Van Sant and previous Emmy winner Noah Hawley) are up for a single episode apiece. But in each of the last two Emmy seasons, the show that won best limited series (White Lotus for 2022 and Beef for 2023) also snagged the directing and writing categories. That puts Baby Reindeer in the power position, further strengthened by the intensity of the nominated episode, which delves into the central character’s devastating experience with grooming, sexual assault, and the ensuing shame spiral. —JP
WINNER: Baby Reindeer — Richard GaddBlack Mirror — Charlie Brooker for “Joan Is Awful”Fargo — Noah Hawley for “The Tragedy of the Commons”Fellow Travelers — Ron Nyswaner for “You’re Wonderful”Ripley — Steven ZaillianTrue Detective: Night Country — Issa López for “Part 6”
As with the limited series directing category, recent history suggests that this category will likely go to the best limited series winner. That would mean a first writing Emmy for Richard Gadd, the comedian who transformed his nightmarish personal experiences into a play, and then a Netflix series. A sweep for Baby Reindeer would be quite a feat considering the talent in this category. It includes Oscar vets Steven Zaillian and Ron Nyswaner, Emmy winners Noah Hawley and Charlie Brooker, and Mexican auteur Issa López, any of whom could be a wildcard winner. —JP
WINNER: The Daily ShowJimmy Kimmel Live!Late Night With Seth MeyersThe Late Show With Stephen Colbert
Imagine this: you spend 10 years losing to Jon Stewart, then another seven losing to John Oliver. (Granted, if you’re Stephen Colbert, you do eek out a couple of wins—but they’re blips in a pair of major streaks.) When Oliver is shunted into a new category, you finally feel like it’s your time—and then you’re beaten once more by the guy who hosts Stewart’s old show. THEN, the next year, Stewart himself decides to un-retire and return to The Daily Show for just one night a week…and it’s still enough to get Emmy voters on his side. Sorry, Kimmel and Meyers; everything old is new again, and now that Stewart is back, he’s going to keep winning Emmys for as long as he cares to stick around. —HB
WINNER: Last Week Tonight With John OliverSaturday Night Live
It may look like a two-horse race in the scripted variety series competition, but the Emmys are famously a one-horse town. Last Week Tonight will, most likely, take home the trophy, beating out its only competitor, Saturday Night Live. Last Week Tonight is the definition of an Emmy-darling, winning outstanding variety talk series consecutively from 2016 to 2022, then switching categories to outstanding scripted variety series in 2023—and winning that too. It helps that the latest season of Last Week Tonight was as sharp as ever, with incisive takes on everything from critical race theory to the war in Gaza. Maybe next year the Television Academy will throw Saturday Night Live a bone for its upcoming 50th season, but this year, the trophy once again belongs to Last Week Tonight. —CM
The Amazing RaceRuPaul’s Drag RaceTop ChefWINNER: The TraitorsThe Voice
At the Creative Arts Emmys, Alan Cumming won the award for best reality host, ending an eight-year streak by RuPaul Charles of fellow nominated series RuPaul’s Drag Race. In the 16 previous years that both awards have been bestowed, the winners for best reality host and competition series have only overlapped five times. (Jeff Probst has four trophies, although Survivor has never won its standalone category. Jane Lynch won, but not Hollywood Game Night. Same goes for Tim Gunn and Heidi Klum, but not Project Runway.) So a win for Cumming doesn’t necessarily translate to a Traitors victory. But the second season of Peacock’s hit whodunit series is undeniably the buzziest entry in a category that tends to nominate the same five or six shows with little deviation year after year after year. A recent shakeup in this lineup—the 2022 win for freshman series Lizzo’s Watch Out for the Big Grrrls—signifies that the Academy is thirsty for some fresh blood. And who better than a group of [in Cumming’s Scottish accent] twisted, treacherous traitors to deliver the kill? —SW
How Miriam Adelson Went From Big MAGA Winner to Casino Loser in Trump’s First 100 Days
The Truth Underlying Pete Hegseth’s Job Security
“It’s About Him”: How Trump Is Perverting the Presidential Photo Stream
Inside the Case of Kim Kardashian’s Paris Robbery
How Sebastian Stan Became Hollywood’s Most Daring Shape-Shifter
The Ballad of Bill Belichick and Jordon Hudson
Juilliard Is Going Tuition-Free
Elon Musk’s Breeding Spree Is So Much Wilder Than You Thought
Every Quentin Tarantino Movie, Ranked
Meet Elon Musk’s 14 Children and Their Mothers (Whom We Know of)
From the Archive: Sinatra and the Mob
More from Vanity Fair
Contact
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Vanity Fair may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
CN Entertainment