Expert-picked Mother's Day gifts for every type of mom, from $15
Sections
Shows
More
Follow today
More Brands
Brittany Mahomes and her husband Patrick Mahomes joined Travis Kelce in Amsterdam to cheer on Taylor Swift at a recent stop on her “Eras Tour.”
In a fan video shared on the social media site X on July 6, Brittany and Patrick Mahomes were standing next to Kelce in a suite at Johan Cruijff Arena as they all swayed to the song “Lover.”
Brittany Mahomes also shared a few of snippets from Swift’s last of three stops in Amsterdam on July 6, including her fittingly bejeweled ensemble for the evening. The mom of two snapped a video selfie with a friend as she donned a black top adorned with small sparkling jewels.
Brittany Mahomes also shared a clip of Swift performing her song “22” on stage, followed by a second clip of the singer performing “Blank Space,” which happens to be Kelce's favorite song by Swift.
Brittany Mahomes and Swift’s friendship began in September 2023 after the singer attended her first of many Kansas City Chiefs games to support Kelce. The tight end is close friends with the Chiefs' quarterback, Patrick Mahomes.
As Swift’s relationship with Kelce evolved, she continued to hang out with Brittany Mahomes, along with other football wives, including Paige Buechele and Lyndsay Bell. The entrepreneur and mom of two has also spent time with Swift’s celebrity friend group, including Selena Gomez, Gigi Hadid and Sophie Turner.
Swift and Brittany Mahomes have cheered on their partners at Chiefs games and developed their own celebratory handshake. The friends even twinned on several occasions, including once with matching jewelry and another time with custom puffer jackets designed by Kristin Juszczyk, the wife of San Francisco 49ers fullback Kyle Juszczyk.
Kelce has been a frequent attendee at Swift's “Eras Tour,” attending her recent shows in London and Dublin.
In addition to attending Swift’s July 6 show, Kelce also supported his girlfriend during her July 5 concert in Amsterdam.
Kelce was spotted by fans in a suite during the show and appeared with Swift after the concert ended. As they walked out of the arena, Swift waved at fans while Kelce hyped her up. Before they left the stadium, Kelce gave Swift a kiss on the head as fans continued to cheer.
Francesca Gariano is a New York City-based freelance journalist reporting on culture, entertainment, beauty, lifestyle and wellness. She is a freelance contributor to TODAY.com, where she covers pop culture and breaking news.
© 2025 NBCUniversal Media, LLCApple®, Apple logo® and App Store® are registered trademarks of Apple Inc.