Staying cool, check. Looking great, check.
Every item on this page was chosen by an ELLE editor. We may earn commission on some of the items you choose to buy.
When the temperatures are brutally hot, a great linen dress will always save the day, ensuring you look calm, cool, and chic. To be honest, they’re the secret weapon in every stylish girl’s wardrobe. 
Selena Gomez recently stepped out wearing a linen dress by Banana Republic that she elevated with a Khaite belt and Santoni pumps. Rewind to the late ’70s and ’80s, and you’ll find iconic style stars like Jane Birkin wearing linen baby doll dresses in sun-reflecting shades of white. While the lightweight designs often conjure visions of minimalist neutrals, there is also quite an assortment of floral linen dresses as well as vibrant pops of red and playful pink and yellow hues (à la Rachel Zegler’s spaghetti strap frock) to energize your summer wardrobe.
For the fashion connoisseurs who draw inspiration from the runways, Staud put a glamorous twist on the linen dress with a draped strapless silhouette in its spring/summer 2024 collection. Need further proof of its versatility? Philosophy Di Lorenzo Serafini kept things professional with a trench-inspired linen dress that was perfect for days in the office during the summer. 
If there were only one item that could win the title of a summer hero, we’d certainly give it to the reliable linen dress. Ahead, discover the 30 best linen dresses to anchor your summer wardrobe.
A Shopping Editor’s Review of COS
The Ultimate Guide to Chic One-Piece Swimsuits
Luxe Earth Sign Gifts for Taurus Season
Where Fashion Insiders Find Designer Deals
The Launch: Fashion News to Know This April
Sofia Grainge Releases Summer Mommy-and-Me Styles
Elevate Mom’s Everyday Moments With These Gifts
Wild Flowers: ELLE’s May Shopping Guide
Puma’s Speedcat Ballet Sneaker Is Trending
Make Mother’s Day Shine With Stunning Jewelry
Wedge Heels Are Spring’s Hottest Shoe Trend
Yes, Long Sleeve Swimsuits Can Be Chic
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.