Ooh la la!
Kylie Jenner left little to the imagination in an ethereal form-fitting corset dress while attending the Jean Paul Gaultier runway show during Paris Haute Couture Fashion Week on Wednesday. 
Jenner, 26, wore the stunning strapless white gown, which was draped with a sheer overlay, adding sky-high translucent platform heels detailed with glossy pearls and accessorized with pretty silver earrings and coordinating statement rings. 
The Kylie Cosmetics founder arrived at the event with her dark brown hair delicately pulled back but was later photographed inside the show with her loose curls cascading down her shoulders.
Though the beauty mogul is usually one to wear heavy makeup and bold nails, rocked minimal makeup with a simple nude lip and a coordinating nude mani-pedi. 
Notably absent from the event was Jenner’s equally stylish boyfriend, Timothée Chalamet, who made waves when he and the billionaire makeup mogul showed plenty of PDA during the 2024 Golden Globes earlier this month. 
On Tuesday night, the “Kardashians” star was spotted solo, exiting through the back door of posh Parisian restaurant Siena wearing a black gown and sunglasses. 
Jenner isn’t the only celebrity bringing elegant style to the city of lights for Fashion week.
Rihanna rolled up to the Christian Dior haute couture show on Monday wearing a printed puffer belted a the waist with a matching pencil skirt and coordinating hat and gloves. 
The singer was spotted fangirling over Natalie Portman, who looked chic in an oversized blazer and textured shorts.
That same day, Jennifer Lopez turned heads in a ruffled coat constructed out of real flower petals to the Schiaparelli show. 
Zendaya also attended the Schiaparelli celebration in a high-neck shirt with intricate knotting down the sleeves paired with a satin skirt with a train resembling a tail. 
Other stars in town for Paris Fashion Week include Kate Moss and her look-alike daughter at the Dior menswear winter 2024-2025 show, as well as Taylor Swift’s ex-boyfriend Joe Alwyn who joined Selena Gomez’s rumored ex Zayn Malik at the Loewe’s Men’s fall/winter 2024 show.
It’s unclear if Chalamet intends to join his girlfriend in the City of Love, but that’s not stopping her from stealing the show from the front row.
Advertisement