Share
FILE - Acute Lupus. (BSIP/UIG Via Getty Images)
Lupus is considered a common disease that impacts millions of people worldwide. 
Until recently, the cause of this disease was unknown. However, in a study released this week, researchers may have made a discovery that pinpoints a primary cause of lupus. 
While the disease is highly complex and more studies are needed on what causes it, news of this breakthrough is welcome as the world navigates how to better manage lupus. 
Lupus is an autoimmune disease, meaning it impacts a person’s immune system. It commonly affects the skin, joints, and internal organs such as the kidneys and heart, according to the Lupus Foundation of America website. 
There are four types of lupus, and they include:
There is currently no cure for lupus. 
People who are diagnosed with the disease will likely be given tools to manage it by way of a physician’s instructions, medication and understanding the disease’s unique characteristics from person to person. 
The prognosis for the disease also depends on the severity, however, lupus is not a death sentence. There are many people who have the disease and are able to live for decades after diagnosis, according to the foundation. 
Common symptoms and signs of lupus include: 
Many people diagnosed with lupus may also suffer from symptoms that impact their skin and hair, such as: 
There is currently no known underlying cause of lupus, but it is believed that environmental, genetic and hormonal factors influence its development. 
Genetics plays a large role in someone’s risk of developing it. About 20% of people who have lupus will have a sibling or parent who also has it, according to the foundation. 
If your doctor feels your symptoms meet the criteria for lupus, there are several ways to confirm a diagnosis. 
Patients can complete several types of tests to confirm if they have lupus or not. These can include blood tests, urine tests, and even biopsies. 
About 1.5 million Americans have lupus and there are an estimated 16,000 new cases of the disease every year. 
Worldwide, the disease impacts more than five million people, according to the foundation. 
While anyone can develop lupus, there are certain groups of people who are at higher risk of being diagnosed with the disease. 
What’s more, 9 out of 10 adults with lupus are women. 
Many celebrities have come out to share their lupus stories in order to spread more awareness about the disease.  
Some of those celebrities include: 
FOX News contributed to this report. This story was reported from Los Angeles.
All the news you need to know, every day
By clicking Sign Up, I confirmthat I have read and agreeto the Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX Television Stations