She’s casting spells again. 
Last night, Selena Gomez, 32, attended the world premiere of the “Wizards of Waverly Place” spinoff “Wizards Beyond Wavery Place” in a sizzling red custom Rodarte gown.
The off-the shoulder look featured sharp lines and a subtle sequined pattern along the bodice while her skirt was dotted with a slightly darker shade of red sequins.
Hitting the event at El Capitan Theatre in Los Angeles, Gomez — who serves as co-producer and guest-stars in the Disney series’ pilot episode — paired the number with coordinating metallic pointy pumps.
The A-lister skipped a necklace, allowing the show-stopping number to take centerstage. 
She did, however, add some subtle bling, including a few luxe diamond rings from Messika. 
Gomez styled her hair in a shoulder-grazing bob and opted for rosy pink cheeks and long lashes. 
At the premiere, Gomez was joined by co-producer David Henrie, who is reprising his role as Justin Russo, her older brother in the show. 
The two original cast members posed with new faces in the series, including Taylor Cora, Mimi Gianopulos, Janice LeAnn Brown, Max Matenko and Alkaio Thiele.
“High School Musical” alum Corbin Bleu and Monique Coleman also showed their support by attending the premiere on Monday night. 
ITS TIME TO GO VOTE!!! 
Before gracing the red carpet, Gomez made a very crucial stop — a ballet box to cast her vote for the United States presidential election.
In a TikTok video, the Rare Beauty founder is seen in the back of a car, explaining, “We can’t go to the premiere without voting.”
She then drops off her election ballot — wearing her gorgeous gown — saying, “Make sure that sucker’s in.”
Based on the original “Wizards of Waverly Place” show, which ran from 2007 to 2012, the new series follows grown-up Justin Russo, who has a wife and two sons.
He leaves his magic days behind until his sister asks for help training a young wizard.
The first two episodes of “Wizards Beyond Wavery Place” will air on Disney Channel at 8:00 p.m. Tuesday, while the first nine episodes will drop Wednesday on Disney+ — just in time for Halloween. 
Advertisement