By JAMES VITUSCKA FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  18:00, 8 October 2024   |  Updated:  19:07, 8 October 2024   
 129
View  comments
Hailey Bieber was moved to share her bold post featuring her husband Justin Bieber this week because she wanted to show the world how she feels amid the ongoing speculation surrounding his formerly close relationship with Sean 'Diddy' Combs, sources have revealed.
Monday night saw the 27-year-old model share a throwback snap on Instagram of the 30-year-old pop star flipping both middle fingers in the air.
Justin was shirtless and wearing board shorts, as the playful photo was captioned 'mood' by Hailey.
His past relationship with Diddy has faced increased scrutiny in recent weeks, with resurfaced videos showing a then-15-year-old Justin spending '48 hours with Diddy,' as troubling allegations against the embattled rap mogul continue to emerge. 
Now an insider has revealed to DailyMail.com that Hailey - who welcomed her son Jack Blues Bieber in August - shared the post because she feels like a 'gatekeeper' for her husband. 
Hailey Bieber was moved to share her bold post featuring her husband Justin this week because she wanted to show the world how she feels amid the Sean 'Diddy' Combs speculation
The 27-year-old model shared a 2017 snap on Instagram of the 30-year-old pop star flipping both middle fingers in the air on Monday night
'Hailey believes that she is Justin’s gatekeeper and this was her way of showing the world how she feels about the whole situation [with Diddy] – not Justin,' the source clarified.
The insider noted that the Rhode beauty founder's picture choice was extremely telling, as they continued: 'Out of the 100s of photos of Justin giving the middle finger, she had to choose one from 2017 that was taken before he got back together with [his ex Selena Gomez] again.'
However, the source stated that the model might be wise to let her husband speak for himself whenever he feels ready to do so, as they added: 'Hailey needs to let Justin act for himself instead of using an image of him to convey what she feels he should be saying. 
'But Justin really has no voice right now and it is sad.'
It comes after sources previously told DailyMail.com that Justin has, indeed, been struggling with the revelations being made about Diddy amid the 54-year-old's arrest regarding sex trafficking charges.
The insider claimed that the singer feels he has no one to talk to and is 'sailing these waters alone.' 
'Justin feels like there is no one that he can talk to that understands and, to be honest, he doesn't even fully understand,' the source explained. 'He was a kid.'
The insider added that the fallout comes amid his current struggles to try and be a good parent, having not had the best example from his own father, Jeremy Bieber. 
Justin was shirtless and wearing board shorts, as the playful photo was captioned 'mood' by Hailey
All eyes have been on Diddy's associates afer he was arrested and jailed in connection with a federal sex trafficking case which has since sent shockwaves through the music industry
'Justin is stressed right now,' the source continued. 'He has a baby boy and trying to be a good dad without having anything to reference what a good father is.'
Speaking to the fragile singer's emotional state, the insider added: 'He is sailing these waters alone and everyone fears that if Hailey shows any struggles with being a first time mom then this is going to be incredibly difficult for Justin. 
'Diddy could not have happened at a worse time as he is trying to experience the joy of being a father with the pain of having to deal with all of this.' 
Justin and Hailey announced the birth of their first child on August 23, and gave fans a glimpse of the baby's tiny foot and his wife's hands.
'WELCOME HOME JACK BLUES BIEBER,' the proud dad penned in the caption.
The Victoria's Secret model also shared the post on her Instagram Story with the youngster's name and various emojis.
It came just weeks before Combs was accused of inducing female victims and male sex workers into drugged-up, sometimes days-long sexual performances referred to as 'Freak Offs.'
According to the indictment, he would allegedly use force, threats and coercion to get the women to engage with male sex workers in the 'Freak Offs,' described as 'elaborate and produced sex performances' arranged and directed by Combs while he masturbated and often recorded them.
Justin, 30, was just a child when he forged a friendship with Combs (Pictured in 2010)
Disturbing footage of Diddy with 15-year-old Justin has resurfaced online this year
The indictment further stated that some 'Freak Offs' would last for days, requiring Combs and victims to receive IV fluids to recover from the exertion and drug use.
Diddy pleaded not guilty to charges against him and was denied bail, despite his legal team's request for him to be released for $50 million and kept electronically monitored. 
Combs' lawyer, Marc Agnifilo, said the 'Freak Offs' stemmed from the star's former on-again-off-again relationship with R&B singer Cassie, and were not coercive.
Prosecutors said they had interviewed more than 50 victims and witnesses, and are expecting the number to grow.
Justin was just a child when he forged a friendship with Combs, and the singer most recently featured on the rapper's track Moment, which appeared on his 2023 album The Love Album: Off the Grid.
Following the album's release last October, Justin reflected on his first encounter with Combs.
'I remember going to my brother Diddy's office to pitch him a song I wrote for him when I was like 14,' he wrote on Instagram. 'Sadly the song was trash haha and it would be a hard no from him.'
He continued: 'Fast forward to a few years ago Puff asked if I would freestyle something for his upcoming love album. Wild full circle moment, love you @diddy.'
An insider previously revealed to DailyMail.com that Justin deeply regrets having collaborated with the disgraced mogul last year, and would never have done so had he known the allegations that have since come to light.
The source explained: 'Hailey believes that she is Justin’s gatekeeper and this was her way of showing the world how she feels about the whole situation [with Diddy] – not Justin'
The source added: 'Hailey needs to let Justin act for himself instead of using an image of him to convey what she feels he should be saying. But Justin really has no voice right now and it is sad'
They continued: 'He had a long break from Diddy when he believes most of this took place and he had distanced himself from him.
'He was featured on Diddy's most recent album, and had he known any of this, there is no way he would have done it.' 
In March, old clips of Justin and Combs resurfaced shortly after Homeland Security raided the music mogul's properties in Miami and Los Angeles.
One video saw Combs standing next to the young pop sensation, aged 15, while telling the camera: 'He's having 48 hours with Diddy, where we hanging out and what we're doing we can't really disclose. But it's definitely a 15-year-old's dream.'
The hip hop star added: 'I have been given custody of him. He's signed to Usher and I had legal guardianship of Usher when he did his first album.
'I don't have legal guardianship of him [Justin] but for the next forty-eight hours he's with me and we're gonna go full buck crazy.'
Another resurfaced clip saw the rapper grilling a 16-year-old Justin on why he hadn't been speaking to him as much.
'What's up man, you good? Selling out arenas and everything?' Combs asked the youngster.
'Starting to act different, huh? You haven't been calling me and hanging out the way we used to hang out.'
The pop star appeared anxious as he responded to his musical colleague.
'I mean you tried to get in contact with me throughout all my... and what not... but you never got my number,' he said. 'I'm going to tell you my number.'
Another insider previously revealed to DailyMail.com that Justin has been completely 'thrown' by the harrowing allegations and is grappling to make sense of them - especially given that he collaborated with Combs less than a year ago.
It comes after Justin and Hailey welcomed their first child together at the end of August
The couple named their son Jack Blues Bieber, which means the baby has the initials JB as is the family tradition 
The source said of the fragile singer: 'Justin is so disturbed by the Diddy news and is unwilling to process it or discuss it so he has shut off.
'So many people who helped to make him who he is were very close to Diddy and it has completely thrown him.
'Justin hasn't been responding on this since the home raids. He's not going to.'
Meanwhile, DailyMail.com previously reported that Justin has been left stressed by the spending habits of his wife. 
'Hailey is a seriously high spender,' one source alleged. 'She has spent tens of millions on private jets to fly around the world, including once taking a plane just to get her nails done at a particular manicurist.'
What's more, Justin is seemingly no longer the music-making juggernaut he once was – something both insiders blame on Hailey.
'He's isolated from his friends and family. He's miserable right now as Hailey has taken complete control over him. He has lost his identity, creative drive and he is uninspired,' one claimed. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group