Cool girls assemble

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

The past year has been very coquette, indeed. Barbiecore gained huge momentum earlier last year, introducing pretty-in-pink pieces and hyper-feminine silhouettes commonly aligned with the cool-girl-approved coquette aesthetic. However, Spring/Summer 2024 has brought a couple of iterations that have introduced a new wave of coquette, and we're loving it.
Brands like Chanel, Rodarte, Molly Goddard, Bora Aksu, MSGM, Sandy Liang, and Nina Ricci have been adopting what can only be described as a slightly edgier version of coquette. Colour palettes are darker and include hints of black and white with grey, lavender, khaki, and a muted dusty pink.
Think reimagined coquette motifs merged with those commonly used to describe the classic stealth wealth look seen on street style stars like Sofia Richie, Hailey Bieber and Camilla Morrone. So, shall we call it a stealth coquette summer?
Most recently, Kendall Jenner was pictured embracing the trend with a monochromatic silk dress with puffed short sleeves and sleek bows grazing the sides of her shoulders plucked directly from Rodarte's Spring 2024 collection. Captioning it her 'dress of dreams', we couldn't relate more. Personally, I have been styling various outfits in my head, inspired by this dress, ever since I laid eyes on it.
A post shared by Kendall (@kendalljenner)
A photo posted by on 
Additionally, Selena Gomez was spotted wearing a custom Oscar de la Renta sleeveless dress with XL bow embellishments adorning the bodice this past weekend. The star paired her look with sheer tights and black glossy heels. So chic.
Over on the street style end, content creators, including Rachelle Rowlings are taking a more casual approach by styling their own versions with glossy, strapless bow-adorned tops paired with classic denim pieces, and we're taking notes.
The beauty of the coquette trend is that you can lean into the trend as much or as little as you feel works with your own personal style. And thankfully, from the High Street to designers, many brands are already releasing their own iterations just in time for summer.
Keep scrolling for my edit of the best coquette-inspired pieces.
Celebrity news, beauty, fashion advice, and fascinating features, delivered straight to your inbox!
Sofia Piza is the Fashion Writer at Marie Claire UK. With extensive experience and a degree in Fashion Journalism, she covers runway trends, shopping picks, celebrity fashion, and industry news.
Throughout her career, Sofia's work has ranged from in-depth interviews with industry experts and high-profile celebrities to creative production for editorial cover shoots and red-carpet coverage. Born in Mexico and raised in five countries, Sofia's multicultural upbringing has fed into her interest in international markets, leading her fashion week coverage across London, Milan, Paris, New York, and Copenhagen.
When she's not sourcing inspiration from social media, you will find Sofia anywhere from a local vintage market to busy central London streets, people watching to make sure she brings you the latest trends, from the best denim pieces to the must-have investment bags- the possibilities are endless.

Luxury activewear that will motivate you to work out


From Hawaii to Indonesia, Reef Builders is the coral reef restoration project proving that hope isn’t lost - and local communities might hold the key to saving our oceans.
From Hawaii to Indonesia, Reef Builders is the coral reef restoration project proving that hope isn’t lost - and local communities might hold the key to saving our oceans.


Here's how to copy the edgy boho aesthetic


Marie Claire UK is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury,
Bath
BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.