By Rosy Cordero 
Associate Editor, TV

Meryl Streep just can’t quit Steve Martin, Martin Short and Selena Gomez.

	The multiple Academy Award winner will be returning for Season 4 of the Hulu hit comedy series Only Murders in the Building, co-created and co-written by Martin and John Hoffman. She will reprise the role of Loretta Durkin.

Only Murders in the Building follows three strangers (Martin, Short and Gomez) who share an obsession with true crime and suddenly find themselves wrapped up in one. When a grisly death occurs inside their exclusive Upper West Side apartment building, the trio suspects murder and employs their precise knowledge of true crime to investigate the truth.

	










	Producers are keeping the Season 4 storyline under wraps but, as Disney Television Group President Craig Erwich revealed in a Deadline interview, the Only Murders In the Building trio of Charles (Martin), Oliver (Short) and Mabel (Gomez) will kick off the new season with a trip to Los Angeles before returning to The Arconia in their search of Sazz’s (Jane Lynch) killer.




			Watch on Deadline		






	The Emmy-nominated comedy remains Hulu’s most-watched Comedy Original ever, according to the streamer. Hulu reveals Only Murders was continually featured in its Top 15 and has ranked on Nielsen’s Top 10 Original Series chart since its launch. 

	Martin and Hoffman executive produce along with Short, Gomez, Dan Fogelman and Jess Rosenthal. The series is produced by 20th Television.
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.