Selena Gomez has shared new details about her future journey to motherhood.
The singer and actress told Vanity Fair she is unable to carry her own children in an interview released on Monday.
“I haven’t ever said this … but I unfortunately can’t carry my own children. I have a lot of medical issues that would put my life and the baby’s in jeopardy. That was something I had to grieve for a while,” Selena said.
She said becoming a parent one day may not happen the way she originally envisioned it, but she is now “in a much better place with that.”
“I find it a blessing that there are wonderful people willing to do surrogacy or adoption, which are both huge possibilities for me. It made me really thankful for the other outlets for people who are dying to be moms. I’m one of those people,” Selena said. “I’m excited for what that journey will look like, but it’ll look a little different. At the end of the day, I don’t care. It’ll be mine. It’ll be my baby.”
Selena was diagnosed with lupus in 2013. In 2015, she shared that she underwent chemotherapy to treat the autoimmune illness.
The pop star, who is in a relationship with Benny Blanco, had a firm plan to start a family by age 35 before she started dating him.
“Before I met my boyfriend, I was single for five years, with the exception of going on a few dates,” Selena said. “And I was like, ‘Okay, if this is the vibe, then what is the most important thing to me? Family.’”
Selena also said she has “never been loved this way.”
“He’s just been a light,” Selena said. “A complete light in my life. He’s my best friend. I love telling him everything.”
Copyright © 2024, ABC Audio. All rights reserved.
Sign up to receive KS95 news, updates, and contests in your inbox.
Need help accessing the FCC Public File due to a disability? Please contact Ross Brendell at publicfilemsp@hubbardradio.com or (651) 632-6675.
This web site is not intended for users located within the European Economic Area.

YouTube Terms of Service |
        Google Privacy Policy |
        Google Terms of Service 

© 2025 KSTP-FM, LLC