Posted in: Casting, Movies | Tagged: Linda Ronstadt, Only Murders in the Building, selena gomez
Selena Gomez is set to play music icon Linda Ronstadt in an upcoming biopic, as teased by the star on her Instagram account.
Selena Gomez is set to play music icon Linda Ronstadt in a new biopic. The film is in pre-production now and features producers Ronstadt's manager, John Boylan and James Keach, who are responsible for the 2019 documentary Linda Ronstadt: The Sound Of My Voice. No studio casting other than Selena Gomez or anything else is known at this time, according to Rolling Stone, who broke the news. Gomez teased the role herself on Instagram, posting a copy of Ronstadt's memoir Simple Dreams on her stories. Both artists are of Mexican descent, and each has become one of the voices of their respective generations.
Linda Ronstadt is an 11-time Grammy Winner and an Emmy award winner and has won and been nominated for numerous other awards. She has released 24 albums and was awarded the Latin Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award in 2011. She was also awarded the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award in 2016. She was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2014. that same year, she was awarded the National Medal of Arts and Humanities. In 2019, she received a star jointly with Dolly Parton and Emmylou Harris on the Hollywood Walk of Fame for their work as Trio. She was also one of the five honorees at the Kennedy Center Honors in 2019.
Selena Gomez found fame in the Disney Channel series Wizards of Waverly Place and as a singer. She has been nominated for many awards, including Grammy's as a musical artist, with many of her albums appearing near the top of the Billboard charts. As an actress, she has found her best success in recent years, starring in Hulu's Only Murders In The Building, which has seen her nominated for multiple Golden Globes. She also lent her voice to the Hotel Transylvania series and is the star of the popular cooking and home living show Selena+Chef.
Enjoyed this? Please share on social media!