Want to give Dad the star treatment this Father’s Day? There’s no need to roll out the red carpet to add a little luxe to his life.
After all, while you might not be rocking matching Versace robes like Elton John or taking family photos for Vogue à la A$AP Rocky, there are plenty of (slightly more) budget-friendly ways to treat your dad to an A-list-loved surprise this year.
Whether you’re buying for a father figure who’d love a recovery tool for running or style staples for running errands, we’ve rounded up plenty of celebrity go-tos worth your consideration.
Below, explore (and shop) our star-inspired present picks — from sporty to sentimental.
Help Dad kick off the summer — and kick back and relax — with this ultra-soft, year-round style staple. Oprah Winfrey’s featured Cozy Earth on her famed “Favorite Things” list not just once, but five times over the years, and has praised the women’s version of these joggers.
“I’m a sucker for anything that feels like a second skin,” she wrote in 2020. 
Challenge your giftee to a game with these NFL-licensed paddles, available in versions repping a range of teams.
These low-tops are in high demand among stars, with famous fans of the brand including Ashton Kutcher, John Hamm and Pete Davidson. What’s more, Cariuma promises to plant two trees in the Brazilian rainforest for every pair purchased.
This apron’s not your average bear. Jeremy Allen White wore it for cooking scenes on “The Bear,” and Meghan Markle and Gisele Bündchen have both made appearances in the same style. 
With over 50 color options, there’s sure to be one that suits Dad’s style. 
If it’s nautical-inspired style that floats his boat, consider picking up a pair of coastal-inspired shoes. Bradley Cooper owns multiple pairs of Hari Maris, while “Southern Charm” star Shep Rose recently modeled this new waterproof leather version.
While the buttery soft design can be easily dressed up, it’s also a great option for casual days by the beach; the memory-foam style floats if it falls in the water. 
Want a gold medal in gifting? Shaun White told Page Six Style that this shaving set ranks among his Olympic-ready essentials.
“I spend a lot of time outdoors, whether it’s on the mountain or near the water,” he said. “These two products help my skin stay hydrated and moisturized. I love the smell, too.”
Gifting got you in a pickle? Treat a sporty dad or father figure to this custom pickleball bag from celeb-loved Mark & Graham.
When it comes to sharing special photos, this editor-approved album is a hit in Oprah Winfrey’s book. The gifting guru included Artifact Uprising on her 2015 “Favorite Things” list, calling it a “gorgeous memento” that lies “flat and seamless when the book is open.”
If a trendy Stanley tumbler’s not quite Dad’s thing, the TikTok-viral brand also makes this insulated bottle with over 12,500 largely glowing reviews.
Want to be the GOAT of gifting? Treat the Tom Brady fan in your life to this comfy cotton fleece hoodie from the NFL icon’s namesake clothing line.
Bling on the gifting possibilities with pieces from Kendra Scott. The label’s distinctive designs have popped up on everyone from Selena Gomez to Gwyneth Paltrow. Launched in 2021, its men’s line — dubbed Scott Bros. — has caught the eye of famous dudes like “Queer Eye” star Antoni Porowski and NFL player Troy Aikman.
Looking for a great tech gift? Listen up: Countless stars have been spotted rocking out with the currently-on-sale Apple Airpods Pro, including celebrity dads like Jason Sudeikis.
The star said he’s “always on the search” for headphones during a GQ video, listing Apple’s earbuds as something he can’t live without.
While stars have long loved Ugg’s classic slippers, Barry Keoghan took the trend up a notch (literally) this spring with these suede pull-ons. The grippy bottom is ideal for a dad who likes to go on adventures — or simply get adventurous with his style. 
Tom Brady’s Amazon storefront includes this highly rated oven, designed to reach temperatures twice as high as a standard domestic oven. 
Founded by the son of former J.Crew CEO Mickey Drexler, Alex Mill’s a one-stop-shop when picking a present for a fashionable father figure.
With Sunday, June 16 almost here, consider snapping up the Sunday Performance Jogger. Jake Gyllenhaal owns the sweat-wicking style in gray.
Billed as an “homage to the American West,” Le Labo’s famed Santal 33 boasts Hollywood fans ranging from dad of three Ryan Reynolds to dad-to-be Justin Bieber.
What do Chris Evans, Ryan Reynolds and Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson have in common? (Besides all being People’s “Sexiest Man Alive” winners, that is?) All three own socks from London Sock Co.
Evans wore his in the magazine spread for the annual honor, while Reynolds and Johnson have stepped out in theirs for red carpets. 
No one masters classic coastal style quite like Ray-Ban; the brand makes some of the most celeb-adored sunglasses around, including these iconic Clubmaster frames.
Alo Yoga is one of celebrities’ favorite athleisure brands, having popped up in countless gym selfies and model-off-duty outfits. So with warmer weather on the way, these soft terry shorts — which Shawn Mendes owns — just might be cool in more ways than one.
Stock Dad’s closet with ‘stocks, like this comfy pair perfect for a day at the beach.
Whether your giftee is working on their golf game or teeing up a casual summer style statement, lululemon’s got plenty of options to suit.
Let Dad bring the party with him with this clip-on speaker, currently on sale for under $50.
From Gisele Bündchen to retired NFL star Alex Smith, plenty of stars embrace the cloud-like comfort of Oofos slides to promote post-workout recovery. 
While you can’t make another season of “Yellowstone” air any sooner, you can treat Dad to a cup of coffee from Kevin Costner’s collaboration with Green Mountain.
For a gift that keeps on giving, consider getting Dad a subscription to Masterclass, a site featuring classes taught by the likes of Stephen Curry, Gordon Ramsay and Usher. 
Filson’s rugged outdoor attire is a hit with plenty of stars — including country singer Chris Stapleton, who collaborated on a collection.
For socks guaranteed to knock their socks off, Bombas has plenty of celebrity fans — including former brand ambassador Zac Efron. 
Cheers to Dad with a cocktail from Ryan Reynolds’ gin brand.