By now, we all know just how inclusive Rihanna’s beauty brand Fenty is. After launching back in 207, it quickly became known for its huge shade ranges that were carefully designed to make sure they would suit all skin tones, and its latest launch is no different.
 The new Fenty Beauty Demi’Glow Light-Diffusing Highlighter launched exclusively at Boots on Friday 29 March, and good news for bargain hunters everywhere – it's included in the retailer’s Easter sale. Although usually retailing for £32, you can currently snap it up for   £27.20 here, thanks to Boots’ beauty deal that lets you save up to 20% on premium products. 
The light-diffusing highlighter comes in nine different shades that are based on a range of skin tones, and has been designed to adapt to your skin for a totally unique glow. Perfect for everyday wear, the Demi’Glow highlighter has a skin-enhancing formula that gives your complexion a natural-looking second skin finish.
 The baked powder texture is packed with super fine pearls that leave a sheer veil on the skin and butterfly lavender extract that helps reduce the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles for a youthful, radiant complexion. Speaking about the new launch, Rihanna said: “I wanted to create a highlighter for all skin tones, I like to call it shade-matched shimmer. I love to layer Demi’Glow with  Killawatt Highlighter  for a more dialled-up look.” 
 Alongside the new highlighter, Fenty has also launched its brand new Precision Highlighter Brush 135,  £24.65 here  (was £29), which is also included in Boots’ Easter sale. The brush has soft tapered bristles that won’t disturb your makeup underneath when you use it, allowing you to swipe the Demi’Glow Highlighter exactly where you want it without leaving harsh lines or streaks. 
 Both the brush and the highlighter are a limited edition launch, so if you want to add them to your collection you’ll have to snap them up before they’re gone. If you do end up missing out on the limited edition launch, you can still shop Fenty’s other highlighters, including the Diamond Bomb All-Over Diamond Veil,  £32 here, and the Killawatt Freestyle Highlighter,  £32 here.
 We’re also a big fan of Selena Gomez’s beauty brand Rare Beauty’s Silky Touch Highlighter,  £24 here, which comes in four different shades to suit a range of skin tones. The highlighter also has a silky soft powder texture that blends effortlessly into your skin with a sheer finish to give you an amazing, natural-looking glow. 
With the sunny weather finally here, now is the perfect time to level up your highlighter game. What else is the sunshine going to reflect off?!