The Only Murders in the Building makeup kit arrived Tuesday (Aug. 27) in collaboration with the show's season 4 premiere.

													By
												

	Latifah Muhammad


	All products and services featured are independently chosen by editors. However, Billboard may receive a commission on orders placed through its retail links, and the retailer may receive certain auditable data for accounting purposes.

Selena Gomez‘s Rare Beaty and Hulu are teaming up for a cheeky collaboration celebrating the new season of Only Murders in the Building. Starting Tuesday (Aug. 27), fans can shop the Only Murders in the Building makeup set inspired by Gomez’s character, Mabel Mora.

	Mabel Mora’s Go-To Duo ($30) pairs Rare Beauty’s Soft Pinch Tinted Lip Oil in the shade “Delight” with the beauty brand’s bestselling Soft Pinch Liquid Blush available in an exclusive new shade called “Resilience.”

	










			Trending on Billboard		





A post shared by Rare Beauty by Selena Gomez (@rarebeauty)

	The set is available now at RareBeauty.com and will be available at Sephora starting Sept. 3. Hulu subscribers who shop the collection and other Rare Beauty products from now until Aug. 31 will also receive a free Mini Puffy Tote Keychain in merlot (with a $50 purchase).

	Gomez’s Rare Beauty is one of the most successful brands in the beauty industry, raking in an estimated $350 million last year, and despite rumors of a potential sale, the 32-year-old singer/actress has no plans of leaving the company. “I don’t think I’m going anywhere. I am enjoying this a little too much,” Gomez said in April.

	The successful beauty brand has made millions off blush alone, but beyond the draw of Soft Pinch Luminous Powder Blush and Soft Pinch Liquid Blush, Rare Beauty carries a wide selection of beauty must-haves like the True to Myself Tinted Pressed Finishing Powder, Perfect Strokes Universal Volumizing Mascara and the Find Comfort Collection.

	Season 4 of Only Murders in the Building premiered Tuesday on Hulu. The hit comedy starring Gomez, Martin Short and Steve Martin welcomes a slew of guest stars this season, including Eva Longoria, Eugene Levy, Zach Galifianakis and , who play movie versions of Gomez, Martin and Short’s characters, respectively.   
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.