By KELSI KARRULI FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  21:13, 28 November 2024   |  Updated:  22:39, 28 November 2024   
 2.1k
View  comments
Meghan Markle has revealed the celebrity guest who previously dropped by her and Prince Harry's home for Thanksgiving. 
The Duchess of Sussex, 43, urged Americans to 'open their arms' to new people this year on the holidays after she admitted that she felt 'lonely' in the Royal Family.
She suggested people follow in her footsteps as she revealed that she opened her door to A-lister and friend Gloria Steinem, 90, one year.
The brunette beauty confessed that she, 40-year-old Prince Harry, and their kids - Prince Archie, five, and Princess Lilibet, three - sat down for Turkey Day alongside Gloria. 
In an interview with Marie Claire, the mother-of-two, who lives in Montecito, California, revealed that she wanted Americans to keep in mind their pals who didn't have family to celebrate the holidays with. 
She also detailed how she and her family made Gloria feel right at home. 
'I was thinking about, in the past few years of having Thanksgiving here, like many of us, I think you always make sure there’s room at the table for your friends who don’t have family, which is really key,' Meghan said as she said Gloria 'came for Thanksgiving' in 2023. 
The Duchess confessed that their holiday celebrations were 'always pretty low-key.' 
Meghan Markle has revealed the unexpected celebrity pal who dropped by her and Prince Harry's home last Thanksgiving
Meghan added that 'being close' to mom Doria Ragland had been 'great.' 
She explained: 'We’re always making sure we have something fun to do. Like any other family, you spend time having a great meal and then what do you do? Play games, all the same stuff, someone brings a guitar — fun.
'I love the holidays.' 
The mom said that spending the special days with her children got 'better' every year.   
'At first, I think as a mom with children you’re just enjoying having them there, but they’re not understanding everything that’s happening yet. But now we’re at the age where I just can’t wait to see it through their lens every year,' she said as she revealed that they have been making 'traditions' for holidays like leaving 'carrots for reindeers.'
The former Suits actress also revealed that it was 'really easy' to make people feel at home on the holidays.
'Just think about how you’d want someone to treat you…how would you want someone to open their arms to you?' she said.
Since quitting their royal duties in 2020, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex have spoken out several times about how Meghan struggled to adapt to life in the Royal Family - and how being a member of the Firm is 'nothing like what it looks like.'
She suggested people follow in her footsteps as she revealed that she opened her door to A-lister and friend Gloria Steinem, 40, one year
The brunette beauty confessed that she, Prince Harry, and their kids - Prince Archie, five, and Princess Lilibet, three - sat down for Turkey Day alongside Gloria
In their Netflix docuseries, Meghan famously outlined her first meeting with the Prince and Princess of Wales - describing herself as a 'hugger', which the 'formal' couple may have found 'jarring.'
During their bombshell Oprah interview, the Duchess famously alleged members of the Royal Family - who she refused to name - discussed how 'dark Archie's skin might be' before he was born.
As such, the Duchess - who moved to the UK before her engagement to Prince Harry was announced in 2017 - stressed the importance of community when you're 'missing your country.'
The Duchess of Sussex hosted a dinner in Los Angeles for Afghan women who have settled in the US earlier in the month. 
The event was in collaboration with the charity Mina's List and Archewell's The Welcome Project, which 'supports the creation of programming for women who have recently resettled from Afghanistan.'
The former Suits actress also revealed that it's 'really easy' to make people feel at home on the holidays
These include art, photography, cooking, sewing, hiking and swimming projects. 
Speaking about her program's benefits, Meghan said during her latest public appearance: 'You miss home, you miss your country, and also can find comfort in the new community that you have here. I’m grateful that we are able to be a part of that community.' 
The food - which included Ashak and Mantuu, both types of dumplings - was prepared by Soho House chef Shane Fatemian. 
The dinner was held in the garden at Our Place's headquarters - a trendy cookware company that was founded by a female immigrant and has previously collaborated with Selena Gomez. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group