Broadway + NYC
Broadway
Off-Broadway
Off-Off Broadway
Cabaret
Dance
Opera
Classical Music
United States
Eastern
Central
Western
Minneapolis / St. Paul
Connecticut
Atlanta
Chicago
Los Angeles
Central New York
West End
WEST END
UK Regional
International
Canada
Australia / New Zealand
Europe
Asia
Latin America
Africa / Middle East
Entertainment
TV/Movies
Music
Ms. Daly was unexpectedly hospitalized and needs to withdraw from the production while she receives medical care; she is expected to make a full recovery.
POPULAR
Academy Award and two-time Tony nominee Amy Ryan will assume the role of “Sister Aloysius” in Roundabout Theatre Company's Broadway production of John Patrick Shanley’s Tony Award & Pulitzer Prize-winning play Doubt: A Parable, directed by Tony Award nominee Scott Ellis.  Tyne Daly was unexpectedly hospitalized on Friday and needs to withdraw from the production while she receives medical care; she is expected to make a full recovery. Amy Ryan’s first performance in Doubt: A Parable will be Tuesday, February 13.  For performances through Sunday, February 11, the role of “Sister Aloysius” will be played by the understudy, Tony Award nominee Isabel Keating (The Boy from Oz).   “With respect and admiration for Tyne, we wish her the best and a quick recovery.  We are grateful that Amy Ryan said yes – in a quick minute – to join our company and take on the role of ‘Sister Aloysius.’  We deeply appreciate Isabel Keating, who remarkably stepped in with a day of rehearsal and allowed us to get the production up on its feet during this first week of performances,” notes director Scott Ellis. Doubt: A Parable now opens officially on Thursday, March 7, 2024. This is a limited engagement through Sunday, April 14, 2024 at the Todd Haimes Theatre on Broadway. The cast of Doubt: A Parable also stars Tony & SAG Award winner Liev Schreiber as “Father Flynn,” Quincy Tyler Bernstine as “Mrs. Muller,” and Zoe Kazan as “Sister James.” 
(Sister Aloysius) recently starred opposite Joaquin Phoenix in Ari Aster’s Beau Is Afraid for A24. Previously, she was nominated for a SAG Award as part of the “Only Murders In The Building” ensemble alongside Steve Martin, Martin Short, and Selena Gomez. Next, Ryan will star opposite Colin Farrell in the Apple TV+ limited series, “Sugar” in April 2024, and opposite George Clooney and Brad Pitt in Jon Watts’ Wolves, which Sony Pictures will release on September 20.   On stage, Ryan was nominated for two Tony Awards for her performances in A Streetcar Named Desire and Uncle Vanya—both Roundabout Theatre Company productions. She won the Obie Award for her performance in Love, Love, Love, and starred in On The Mountain and Lisa D’Amour’s acclaimed play Detroit, directed by Anne Kauffman.  Ryan’s other credits include Gone Baby Gone (Oscar nomination for Best Supporting Actress), Birdman (SAG Award winner for Best Ensemble), Steven Spielberg’s Bridge Of Spies and War of the Worlds, “The Wire,” “The Office,” among other projects. 
(u/s Sister Aloysius). Broadway: The Boy From Oz (Tony, Drama League, Outer Critics nominations; Drama Desk, Theatre World winner), It’s Only a Play, Enchanted April, Wicked, Hairspray. Other: Atlantic, Primary Stages, Indian Ink (Helen Hayes Award), Old Globe, Williamstown, etc. Screen: Indignation, The Nanny Diaries, “New Amsterdam,” Emmy-winning “Judy Garland: By Myself.” @isabelkeating
Ready to feel the rhythm of Cuba? Buena Vista Social Club has officially arrived on Broadway. A world-class Afro-Cuban band is  joined by a sensational cast in this unforgettable tale of survival, second chances, and the extraordinary power of music.  Step into the heart of Cuba, beyond the glitz of the Tropicana, to a place where blazing trumpets and sizzling  guitars set the dance floor on fire. Here, the sound of Havana is born—and one woman's remarkable journey  begins. 
BroadwayWorld is saddened to report the passing of Tony-nominated actor Stephen Mo Hanan. Hanan passed away on April 3, 2025 at his home in Manhattan.
Actors' Equity Association is raising alarm over President Donald Trump’s latest budget proposal, which calls for the elimination of federal funding for the National Endowment for the Arts (NEA) and other cultural agencies.
A bevy of Broadway’s brightest stars - from icons Jennifer Holliday and Andrea Martin to show-stopping newcomers Tom Francis and Jasmine Amy Rogers - lit up the Al Hirschfeld Theatre on April 28, 2025, at the inaugural Broadway Dream Roles. Get a first look at highlights from the event!
Jordan Litz and his Wicked co-stars have returned with another installment of the 'Swankified Stairwell Sessions.' This time, they video features Allie Trimm and Mary Kate Morrissey for a performance of 'What Is This Feeling?'
Videos
Recommended For You
Sign up for announcements, and exclusive discounts on tickets to your favorite shows!
© 2025 - Copyright Wisdom Digital Media, all rights reserved. Privacy Policy