By JUSTIN ENRIQUEZ FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  17:47, 11 July 2024   |  Updated:  18:53, 11 July 2024   
 14
View  comments
Selena Gomez stars in the recently released trailer for Emilia Perez as the Netflix premiere date has also been revealed.
The 31-year-old actress - who teared up as she received a nine-minute standing ovation for her performance in the film at Cannes in May - portrays sexy cartel wife Jessi in the trans gangster musical.
Selena took to her Instagram on Thursday as she revealed the highly-anticipated streaming premiere date on Netflix which will be on November 13 in US and UK.
The film will also see a French theater release on August 21 with select theaters following weeks later in the fall.  
Selena Gomez stars in the recently released trailer for Emilia Perez as the Netflix premiere date has also been revealed
Zoe Saldana plays one of the protagonists in the film named Rita Moro Castro and the film is entirely in Spanish  as it takes place in modern day Mexico.
According to IMDB the synopsis of the film is: 'Lawyer Rita receives an unexpected offer. 
'She has to help a feared cartel boss retire from his business and disappear forever by becoming the woman he's always dreamed of being.'
The cast of the film is led by Karla Sofia Gascon who portrays male cartel leader Juan 'Small Hands' Del Monte who transitions to female Emilia Perez.
In the film Rita is tasked with assisting the escaped cartel leader Emilia with undergoing sex reassignment surgery in order to both evade the authorities and affirm her gender.
Back in May, the stars of the film attended the premiere at the Cannes Film Festival in France. 
It was there where Gomez had wiped away tears from her eyes after the Jacques Audiard-directed musical crime drama received an impressive nine-minute standing ovation.
The Love You Like A Love Song singer portrays the cartel leader's unsuspecting wife in the movie. 
The 31-year-old actress  portrays sexy cartel wife Jessi in the trans gangster musical
Zoe Saldana plays one of the protagonists in the film named Rita Moro Castro and the film is entirely in Spanish as it takes place in modern day Mexico 
According to IMDB the synopsis of the film is: 'Lawyer Rita receives an unexpected offer. She has to help a feared cartel boss retire from his business and disappear forever by becoming the woman he's always dreamed of being'
Selena took to her Instagram on Thursday as she revealed the highly-anticipated streaming premiere date on Netflix which will be on November 13 in US and UK
It was revealed that the A-lister had signed on to star in Emilia Perez in January 2023. 
The star-studded cast features Edgar Ramirez and also includes the likes of performers such as Mark Ivanir and Adriana Paz.
Production on the feature was initially set to take place in 2022, although shooting was delayed by several months due to scheduling conflicts.
Audiard spoke to Variety earlier this year and revealed that he did not initially envision Emilia Perez as a feature-length film.
Back in May, the stars of the film - pictured left to right: Selena, Edgar Ramirez, and Zoe Saldana - attended the premiere at the Cannes Film Festival in France
It was there where Gomez had wiped away tears from her eyes after the Jacques Audiard-directed musical crime drama received an impressive nine-minute standing ovation 
The director told the media outlet that he originally thought that the project would take the form of 'an opera libretto in four acts,' although he later changed his mind.
'It was the first time that an idea [for a film] came to me under this shape,' he added.
The filmmaker went on to state that he shot the movie predominantly in studios, as working on set gave him 'more freedom for the parts that are sung and choreographed.'
He described his choice to film his project in a studio as feeling 'like a return to a primary intuition.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group