Al Pacino, 84, helped his girlfriend, Noor Alfallah, 30, ring in her birthday by blowing out candles on a three-tier birthday cake in a new video shared on Wednesday.
The Oscar winner flashed a huge grin while celebrating his much-younger partner in the clip posted to Instagram by Noor’s sister Sophia Alfallah, which was captioned, “Noor’s bday 2024.”
The carousel also included snapshots from the birthday bash, which was attended by Noor and Sophia’s sister Remi, Julia Fox, Selena Gomez’s bestie Raquelle Stevens and Bruce Willis and Demi Moore’s daughter Scout LaRue Willis.
Though Sophia just posted the inside glimpse at her sister’s birthday celebration this week, Noor turned 30 in December 2023.
However, Noor seemingly prefers to celebrate early. Last year, she posted a snapshot in November with a similar birthday cake and captioned it, “Almost 30…”
Page Six reached out to reps for Pacino and Noor for clarification on the recent birthday celebration, but did not immediately hear back.
Pacino and Noor have been linked since the coronavirus pandemic, and they welcomed their first child together in June 2023.
In September 2023, the Sony producer filed for full physical custody of their son, Roman, but said she was willing to give “reasonable visitation” to the actor. 
They reached a custody agreement in October 2023.
Documents later obtained by Page Six confirmed that they agreed on joint legal custody while Noor was granted primary physical custody.
The “Scarface” star was ordered to pay a lump sum of $110,000, plus more than $30,000 a month in child support. He also agreed to pay $13,000 for a night nurse and cover any medical bills not covered by health insurance. 
He was also ordered to make a yearly $15,000 deposit into an education fund for Roman.
Despite the custody proceedings, the pair appeared to remain on good terms as they were seen dining out in Los Angeles.
Earlier this year, Noor gushed over Roman while speaking with Vogue Arabia, calling him “the greatest gift from God.”
She added, “Every day I look at him, I just know I’m so blessed.”
Roman is Pacino’s fourth child.
He has a 34-year-old daughter named Julie Marie with his ex Jan Tarrant. He is also the father to twins Anton and Olivia, 23, whom he shares with his ex Beverly D’Angelo.
The “Godfather” star has never been married. Meanwhile, Noor previously told TMZ she’s “not the marrying type.”
Advertisement