The singer previously revealed his skincare secrets, which included the viral Mario Badescu Rose Water Spray & more. Get yours here.

													By
												

	Rylee Johnston


	All products and services featured are independently chosen by editors. However, Billboard may receive a commission on orders placed through its retail links, and the retailer may receive certain auditable data for accounting purposes.

Usher may have finished his Las Vegas residency, but the “Yeah!” singer is already gearing up for one of his biggest performances yet: the 2024 Super Bowl halftime show. We can most likely expect an unforgettable set, and before he hits the stage, the “OMG” singer likes to ensure his skin looks pristine and glowing. His secret? The TikTok viral Rose Facial Spray from Mario Badescu — and did we mention it’s only $14?





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					This $18 Fridge Magnet Can Be Personalized With Your Favorite Song (And Actually Play It)		
	



	05/02/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	





		Explore	

















	
		
					Usher		
					


See latest videos, charts and news



See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	The Grammy-winning artist previously shared his pre-show skincare routine in a video for Vogue‘s “Beauty Secrets,” which included the facial spray, Peter Thomas Roth’s gold eye patches and Jack Black lip balm — to name a few. Our eyes were immediately drawn to the facial spray, because along with being TikTok viral, it’s also been used by Selena Gomez, who posted a video Feb. 18 of herself on TikTok spritzing the beauty product on her face before taking off for a flight.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	“6 am flight be like,” the caption says.
6 m flight be like 

	Just like the “Single Soon” singer, Usher also uses the spray at the beginning of his skincare routine.

	“I love the scent,” he said in the video while spritzing it all over his face before going in with a face cleanser.

	Besides its floral aroma, TikTok users have been raving over the formula’s ability to act as a stress relieving tool, leaving their skin glowing while helping prep their skin for makeup and more. User @dajourneugc posted a video breaking down the facial spray‘s multipurpose capabilities including as a setting spray, to refresh your face and can be used morning and night.

	Keep reading to shop the spray below.

Mario Badescu’s facial spray will help rejuvenate, cleanse and soothe skin using a formula that boasts natural ingredients like aloe vera, thyme extract and seaweed. It’s also simple to use, just open the cap and lightly mist your face. You can carry it with you on the go for a quick boost of hydration or use it in the morning and before bed each day.	

	For more product recommendations, check out our roundups of the 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.