By 

	Jennifer Maas

TV Business Writer

Selena Gomez is finally leaving her house.

	Following four seasons of her pandemic-born HBO Max show “Selena + Chef,” shot entirely in her own kitchen, the “Only Murders in the Building” star will join chefs in their own environment, rather than over Zoom, for the debut of her new series “Selena + Restaurant” May 2.

	The show will premiere with two back-to-back episodes at 7 p.m. and 7:30 p.m. ET on Food Network and be available for streaming on Max.





	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					Soundstage Expansion Now Feeling Crunch of Production Contraction		
			














	
		
					Cannes Assembles Powerhouse Jury for 78th Edition, Including Jeremy Strong, Halle Berry and Payal Kapadia		
			








	Over the six-episode first season of “Selena + Restaurant,” Gomez and her best friend and “Selena + Chef” co-star, Raquelle Stevens, will head to multiple Los Angeles restaurants to work with chefs Shirley Chung of Ms Chi, Keith Corbin at Alta, Stephanie Izard of Girl & the Goat, Andrew and Michelle Muñoz at Moo’s Craft Barbecue, Wolfgang Puck at CUT, and Marcel Vigneron of Lemon Grove.

	










			Popular on Variety		






	An added twist for this new show, apart from taking place outside of Gomez’s home, is that on these episodes, Gomez won’t just be learning to cook in these professional kitchens, but also trying to make a signature dish good enough to land on the restaurant’s menu. Like on “Selena + Chef,” each chef will get to pick charity during their respective episodes that will receive a donation from “Selena + Restaurant.”

	On the premiere, Gomez goes to Puck’s CUT Steakhouse in Beverly Hills, where she must pass an “initial test and master one of Wolfgang’s classic dishes before creating her take on a spicy seafood dish in a bid to have it placed on the menu.”

	“After cooking mostly virtually from my kitchen with some of the best chefs for the last four years, I was thrilled to step into their world,” Gomez said. “You’ll have to see if being in person helped my skills at all.”

	“Selena’s culinary journey has riveted viewers from day one as she has elevated her kitchen skills on her Emmy-nominated series, ‘Selena + Chef,’” Food Network chief Betsy Ayala said. “Now, out of the comfort of her home kitchen, but with her best friend for support, Selena’s graduation to the big leagues offers a natural progression of her culinary education as this superstar shows what she can do in a restaurant environment.”

	“Selena + Restaurant” is produced by Gomez for July Moon Productions, along with executive producers Eli Holzman and Aaron Saidman on behalf of Sony Pictures Television’s The Intellectual Property Corporation (IPC), showrunner Shauna Minoprio and Melissa Stokes.
The Business of Entertainment