Sel hopped into the TikTok comments to clear some things up.
Selena Gomez is (understandably) not here for people speculating about what work she's had done to her face, and took a moment to make that clear in the comments of a TikTok.
Selena hit up the below video from Marissa Barrionuevo, which was originally posted all the way back in 2023. (Note: this video doesn't actually include speculation about what Sel has had done, but does comment on her "physical changes.")
In response, the Only Murders in the Building star wrote "Honestly I hate this. I was on stripes because of flare up. I have Botox. That's it. Leave me alone." 
Barrionuevo ended up recording another TikTok in response to Selena's comment, writing in the caption "although I always try to lead with grace and mindfulness, I am sorry this upset you (and I understand why it did). I decided to stop making videos like this last year because of the negative impact it can cause. It was never my intention. ily I hope we can move past this and be besties."
She also said in the video, "you don't owe it to anyone to tell us why you don't look the same as what you did when you were a teenager, or in your twenties." Which, truer words!
In response, Sel wrote "I love you. Not about you. I just get sad sometimes," to which Barrionuevo replied "Me too sister, I love you! Hope one day we can hug and be friends."
Glad this all worked out!
Mehera Bonner is a celebrity and entertainment news writer who enjoys Bravo and Antiques Roadshow with equal enthusiasm, She was previously entertainment editor at Marie Claire and has covered pop culture for over a decade. 
Hailey Gushes About Justin in Surprise Speech
Chappell Roan’s McQueen Look Has Harlequin Energy
Olivia Rodrigo’s Gucci Dress Sent a Subtle Message
Lorde’s ‘What Was That’ Is Here
This ‘Emily in Paris' OG Isn’t Returning for S5
Sadie Sink Is the Hero at Her Broadway Premiere
Olivia Rodrigo Flaunts Her London Style
Clairo Makes a Charming Comeback to Coachella
How the 'TLOU' Cast Compares to the Game
Read Suni Lee’s Powerful Apex for Youth Speech
Why Zendaya Will Be Doing the Met Gala Differently
I Read the ‘All Nighter’ Cast’s Birth Charts
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.