On Saturday, Selena Gomez made her first public appearance since her engagement to Benny Blanco on Wednesday, December 11. The Only Murders in the Building star was seen in Los Angeles heading into the Harmony Gold Theater wearing a long black trench coat over a black velvet skirt and white blouse. On her feet were a pair of black slingbacks. 
The actress was not wearing her stunning new marquise diamond engagement ring, though she did have on several silver star-shaped rings and matching earrings for accessories. The star wore her short bob down and had on a red lip for a pop up color.
Gomez announced her engagement to the music producer this week with a post on Instagram, sharing a carousel of photos that included a pic of the new ring. Other pictures included a shot of Blanco embracing her as she smiles and flashes her diamond and one of her sitting at a picnic set in a big fluffy white coat. She captioned the post, “forever begins now..”
On Saturday, Blanco shared a short clip on his Instagram timeline in which he and Gomez are clinking champagne glasses on their picnic set up, her ring very visible. She smiles and laughs before taking a sip. Over the video, he played Gomez’s song “Good for You,” in which she sings about having a marquise diamond.
In November, Gomez told The Hollywood Reporter that she sees “a future” with Blanco.
“This is the safest I’ve ever felt in [a relationship], and I see a future with this person,” she shared. “And when you put a little bit out there, people are not as hungry to hunt you down. Like, if they hear something, they’re going to, but if you’re like, “I did it,” they’re like, ‘Oh, well there’s you, just going to Sushi Park.’ But there’s so much of my relationship people don’t see, that’s just mine.” 
Hailey Bieber Steps Out in Archival Gucci
All the Best Photos From Kylie and Timothée’s Date
Shailene and Lucas’s Relationship History
All We Know About Selena and Benny’s Wedding Plans
Selena on Getting Rash After First Kiss With Benny
Michelle Obama on Raising Kids in the White House
A Source Debunks Taylor and Travis Rumors
Why Meghan Has Secret Emails for Archie and Lili
All About Blue Ivy Carter 
Watch Rumi Carter Make Her Stage Debut
Ariana Grande and Ethan Slater’s Complete Timeline
Why Meghan Believes Her Love With Harry Will Last
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.