Golloria George, a TikTok influencer known to advocate for shade inclusivity in the beauty world, is fed up with experiencing and witnessing colorism online.
On Sept. 21, the beauty guru took to Instagram to let fans know that she would be logging off social media “for a bit” due to the internet becoming an “increasingly violent space” for dark-skinned Black women like herself. 
 


					Related Stories
				





 

Viola Davis Reveals She Was Called ‘N-Word’ More Than Her Name During Childhood At 2024 HollyRod Gala






 

Influencer Praises Hailey Bieber For ‘Listening To Black Women’ And Fixing Rhode’s ‘Ashy’ Blush For Dark Skin






“It’s heartbreaking and harmful to constantly confront the overwhelming colorist, anti-Black, and racist rhetoric that’s directed at us by the masses. No one should be forced to endure that level of emotional trauma,” she told fans in a statement posted Saturday.
While Golloria didn’t elaborate on the specific harmful rhetoric she encountered online, the YouTube and TikTok star expressed her discomfort with the way “bigotry and white fragility” emerge when dark-skinned Black women speak out about the injustices they endure, calling the situation “disturbing.”
She continued, “The world consistently refuses to listen to us or acknowledge our experiences. We are often dehumanized—either erased or harshly criticized—because the world doesn’t know how to engage with our existence beyond stereotypes and shallow narratives.”
Golloria, who recently offered Hailey Bieber advice on enhancing the foundation shades of her beauty brand Rhode for women with darker skin, stated she would return to the internet only when conditions improve and Black women are treated with the dignity and respect they deserve.
“Black creatives deserve recognition and respect and dark-skinned women deserve to be seen, valued, and humanized in every sense. We are not here to be performers for the world’s consumption nor are we here to be your punching bag,” she added. 
Source: Kevin Winter / Getty
Colorism has deep historical roots, tracing back to the era of slavery when it was used as a tool for manipulation and control. Slave owners would often assign lighter-skinned individuals to more favorable domestic roles while those with darker skin were relegated to harsher labor, Wayne State University notes. 
This discriminatory practice gradually infiltrated various societal spheres, particularly in the job market and media representation. In the context of African American history, the infamous “paper-bag test” was employed to decide who could secure employment or gain entry into certain social clubs and fraternities. If a person’s skin tone matched or was lighter than that of a paper bag, they would be accepted; those with darker skin were turned away.
Sadly, these biases remain evident in today’s professional landscapes, often going unacknowledged. The entertainment industry, particularly Hollywood, continues to reinforce colorism as dark-skinned actors and singers are frequently underrepresented, but several notable stars are fighting back against the century-old form of discrimination.
In a recent interview with MadameNoire earlier this month, the dance hall queen Spice opened up about the hurtful comments she encountered on her journey to stardom. She discussed how some critics struggled to accept her success due to her dark skin and expressed disbelief that she refused to bleach her skin for a lighter appearance, a practice that is prevalent in Jamaican culture.
“They used to say if I was a lighter complexion, I would have reached further. Those comments were a call to action for me. I’m the voice for the voiceless. It was time for me to remind our black girls that they are beautiful no matter what.”
Source: Mackinley Madhere from Spex Photography / Mackinley Madhere from Spex Photography
As an act of protest, Spice scrubbed her social media clean in 2018 and debuted a picture of herself sporting a blonde wig and bleached skin to promote her song “Black Hypocrisy.” 
“I wanted to use my voice to raise awareness for colorism because it was plaguing our community and that was my way of protesting against it because I wanted to create shock value,” Spice said of the bold move.
 “I wanted to have the world’s undivided attention when I spoke on this topic, because it was always being swept under the rug. When I used makeup to appear that I was lighter, I knew I would have caught the attention of the people so that we could have a conversation. That’s why I did ‘Black Hypocrisy,’ because it was very hypocritical because it wasn’t coming from Caucasians, it was coming from our Black woman.”
Source: Gilbert Flores / Getty
Award-winning actress Viola Davis has reflected on her experiences with colorism throughout her career, with one particular incident leaving a lasting impact. In her 2022 memoir, Finding Me, Davis revealed that she overheard fellow Black celebrities in Hollywood remarking that she “wasn’t pretty enough” to portray the stunning and fierce lawyer Annalise Keating in How To Get Away With Murder—a role for which she would later win an Emmy in 2015. Despite her numerous achievements, the comment lingered in her mind. Unlike other instances of colorist, racist, and anti-Black criticism she had faced at 47, this specific remark was something she just “couldn’t shake.”
While speaking to The Wrap in 2015, Davis discussed the issue of colorism in Hollywood, noting that the “paper-bag test” was “still very much alive and kicking” in the entertainment industry.
“That’s the whole racial aspect of colorism: If you are darker than a paper bag, then you are not sexy, you are not a woman, you shouldn’t be in the realm of anything that men should desire,” she said, however, Davis emphasized that addressing colorism starts with representation. The Hollywood star expressed that portraying Annalise Keating paved the way for other dark-skinned women to shine onscreen and feel confident about their skin tone. 
“I’ve never seen a character like Annalise Keating played by someone who looks like me. My age, my hue, my sex,” Davis added. “She is a woman who absolutely culminates the full spectrum of humanity: our askew sexuality, our askew maternal instincts. She’s all of that, and she’s a dark-skin Black woman.”
Golloria, your thoughts resonate deeply and are fully acknowledged here at MadameNoire. We encourage you to take the time you need to rest and recharge, and we look forward to your return to the internet feeling empowered to continue your vital work in supporting and uplifting Black women. The effort you put into promoting shade inclusivity is truly inspiring to many who long to feel seen and valued in the beauty industry. We need your voice now more than ever.  
RELATED CONTENT: OPINION: Mo’Nique Says Fatphobia And Colorism Is Why Hollywood Didn’t Listen To Her

									Screams & Symbolism: Black Horror Scholars Break Down The Cultural Chills of 'Sinners'								

									Terrence Howard Bashed For Rejecting Marvin Gaye Biopic Over Gay Kiss Scene								

									Beyoncé’s ‘Cowboy Carter’ Tour Sparks Meme Madness With Rodeo Runway Looks & Family Vibes								

									Salt-N-Pepa Push It Real Good To The Hall Of Fame: Hip-Hop Icons Honored For Trailblazing Legacy								

									Cassie Claims Diddy’s Pressing For Her Memoir And Money Statements								

									Torrei Hart Enters the Chat: New Podcast Launches on Urban One Network								

									No Scrubs, Just Stars: TLC’s 'CrazySexyCool' Musical Is Headed To Broadway								

									Tyra Banks Thinks Taylor Swift Should Replace Whitney Houston In 'The Bodyguard' Remake — And The Internet Is Pissed								
We've joined the BHM Digital family of websites and have updated our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
					By continuing to use this site, you agree to our updated Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
MadameNoire is a sophisticated lifestyle publication that gives African-American women the latest in fashion trends,
					black entertainment news, parenting tips and beauty secrets that are specifically for black women. Black women
					seek information on a wide variety of topics including African-American hair care, health issues, relationship
					advice and career trends - and MadameNoire provides all of that.

An Urban One Brand 

MadameNoire ® Copyright © 2025 BossipMadameNoire, LLC All Rights Reserved  | BHM Digital