Selena Gomez pulled out all the stops for Halloween with an incredible Alice in Wonderland costume.
Fans said the Only Murders In The Building beauty “killed it” and had “won Halloween” as she shared snaps of her incredible get-up on Instagram as she dressed up for a party. The actress paired up with boyfriend Benny Blanco for the spooky holiday, with the music producer complementing her as the Mad Hatter.
Captioned “Curiouser and curiouser…”, the carousel of images showed them holding hands while perched on a huge couch and sitting on the floor on a patterned carpet slumped against a wall. Selena looked sensational in a ruffled off the shoulder blue dress with layers of tulle flouncing out around her and a partially sheer skirt flaunting her endless legs.
READ MORE: Selena Gomez 'blacked out' dancing like 'drunk mad woman' in new movie audition
Click for more brilliant Daily Star showbiz stories
The star, 32, had transformed her look by slipping a long blonde wig over her lustrous dark tresses, with her golden curls held back with cute a black hairband. Short white ankle socks and black and white shoes completed her look.
Benny, 36, was channelling the Mad Hatter played by Johnny Depp in the 2010 movie, with a massive top hat and a wild orange wig. He teamed it with cropped trousers and a brown jacket and had made up his face with white make-up and a dash of red lipstick.
Fans went wild for the couple’s costumes, posting messages in the comments section calling them “iconic”. “You have won Halloween,” declared one admirer.
Another gushed: “Oh my gosh! You killed it! Hello Alice!” “Best dressed couple on Halloween,” said someone else. Another fan agreed: “Mics dropped! You both won Halloween!!!!!”
“The perfect costume, you both look amazing wow,” posted one person, as another commented: “I love this so much.” “This is f****** incredible!!!!!!” said one admirer as somebody else exclaimed: “Ate this one UPPPPP.”
Selena and songwriter Benny were first romantically linked last year, with rumours about them possibly being a couple starting to swirl in the autumn. The star waited until December to confirm the romance, sharing a sweet snap on Instagram showing her laying with her head on Benny’s chest as she told her fans in a separate comment on social media: “He is my absolute everything in my heart.”
For more of the latest showbiz news from Daily Star, make sure you sign up to one of our newsletters here.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.