If you've been in the Trafford Centre lately, you'll probably have noticed the signs for the new Space NK store, set to open tomorrow (Saturday October 21). Shrouded in mystery, the inside of the Space NK store has been kept a secret from shoppers and passers by, with large boards hiding what's inside.
Located on lower Peel Avenue, next to ZARA, The Trafford Centre's Space NK store has become something of an enigma. But ahead of its opening, I was given the chance to go inside and see it before anyone else.
If you're a beauty buff, or are fanatic about makeup, skincare, anti-ageing or fragrance, then you are in for a big treat. For those amongst you wondering how it differs to the likes of Sephora and Selfridges, the answer is simple. It's the brands you'll find inside.
READ MORE: Luxury anti-ageing beauty advent calendar worth £417 slashed by 70% to £120 in huge Debenhams online sale
READ MORE: 'I'm 70 and nobody believes my age': Boots cream that works overnight slashed by 52% in better than £10 Tuesday deal
As well as more commonly found cult brands like Sol De Janeiro, Drunk Elephant and Tom Ford, there's loads you'll find inside Space NK that are much more difficult to get your hands on, with shoppers often heading to the internet to purchase them.
Some of my favourite finds inside the new store were Lisa Eldridge, Selena Gomez's Rare Beauty, Erborian, Augustinus Bader and D.S & Durga. I was also over the moon to discover a whole section dedicated to Medik8. Recommended by doctors, dermatologists and even This Morning's beauty expert Nadine Baggott, it's arguably one of the most well-respected brands in the anti-ageing sphere.
Better still, if you're looking to find out which Medik8 products are best suited to your skin and anti-ageing needs, they'll have an expert on hand in-store for consultations upon opening, as it's Space NK's current showcase brand.
Located at the centre of the store, the showcase stand is dedicated to the newest releases in the beauty sphere, and will be updated as and when a brand has newness to show, with experts on hand to advise shoppers. So if you are looking to speak to Medik8, you'll need to get a wiggle on.
Another feature I was enamoured with during my time at the Space NK store are the complimentary makeovers they offer. As well as giving you a glow up, Space NK's MUAs will talk you through what they're doing, and offer up handy tips and tricks to enhance your makeup game. They also have free reign of all of the products in store, so it's a good chance to try brands you're unsure of before buying.
Some of the complimentary treatments on offer include a smokey eye tutorial, foundation colour matching, everyday eyes, and perfect your features. I was lucky enough to get a little makeover in-store with the lovely Leena, and discovered a new brand I'd not tried before, which I instantly fell in love with - VIEVE by Jamie Genevieve.
This exactly pinpoints one of the ways in which Space NK differs from other beauty stores - even I, a beauty editor, came out having learned something new.
If you're planning to visit the store on opening day tomorrow, I'd recommend getting there early, as the brand is giving out freebies to early birds. The first 300 people to visit will receive an exclusive Space NK goody bag filled with items from some of the world’s best beauty brands.
Furthermore, the first 200 shoppers to spend £150 will receive a goody bag worth an incredible £300. Space NK branded tote bags will also be handed out, alongside a selection of beauty samples for anyone joining the queue.
On Saturday and Sunday, any customers making a purchase in-store will receive a turn on a Spin to Win wheel, with amazing prizes to be won - including a much-coveted Space NK advent calendar. DJs will be entertaining shoppers across launch weekend, including DJ Rowan and a set from TikTok sensation the Altego twins. There will also be refreshments, including croissants and cookies, limited to the first customers in the queue.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.