Steve Martin revealed in an exclusive E! News interview how his "sophisticated" Only Murders in the Building costar Selena Gomez has matured since he and Martin Short first met her.
There are only positive vibes in the building. 
Steve Martin couldn't help but gush over his Only Murders in the Building costar Selena Gomez, sharing that she had already done much of the character growth needed to be a wonderful person before he and Martin Short started working with her on the Hulu series. 
"When we first met Selena, she was already self-possessed and dignified and sophisticated," Steve exclusively told E! News correspondent Will Marfuggi at the Los Angeles premiere of Only Murders in the Building season four Aug. 22. "So, if anything, we've just seen that creep up a little bit, as it should with maturity."
The comedian added, "But he she was already there—a real person we admired and respected."
And that respect goes both ways. As Selena told E! News in the joint interview, airing on Aug. 26 at 11 p.m., "It's just been a joy to have people I can look up to and just be reminded that life is good." 
But no matter how much she loves her life like a love song, the Disney Channel alum—who has been dating music producer Benny Blanco since July 2023—makes sure to pause and practice gratitude. “I think there’s many important things going on in the world,” she added, “so it’s important to be present.”
As for Steve, his adoration for his Only Murders castmates expands beyond Selena. In fact, the Father of the Bride actor also had nothing but praise for Meryl Streep, who's returning to the Emmy-nominated show for the upcoming season as her character Loretta Durkin.
"She ups our game," Steve told E!. "We're so respectful of her talent but also her personality. Off screen, it's just fun, and it's fun to work with her."
And Selena, Steve and Martin aren't the only ones who enjoy collaborating with the A-list talent on Only Murders. Eva Longoria—who joined the fourth season's cast alongside Molly Shannon, Melissa McCarthy, Zach Galifianakis, Eugene Levy and Kumail Nanjiani—also had a blast working with the comedy hit's lineup. 
"Selena and I have so much fun," Eva told E! News back in June. "My role is really funny, so we just laugh."
Noting that she "grew up" watching Martin and Steve on screen, the Desperate Housewives alum added, "To work with these comedy giants, I'm just like, 'Oh my god, this is amazing.'"
The fourth season of Only Murders in the Building premieres on Aug. 27. While you wait, read on for more shows that hit TV screens this year...
Virgin River (Netflix) - Dec. 19
This sixth season promises fresh twists and turns, escalating love triangles, delightful wedding drama, as well as uncovered secrets from Mel’s father’s past which will transport us to the magic and mystique of Virgin River in the 1970s.
Laid (Peacock) - Dec. 19
In the new series, a woman finds out her former lovers are dying in unusual ways and must go back through her sex timeline to confront her past in order to move forward. Laid is a f--ked up rom-com where the answer to “why can’t I find love, is there something wrong with me?” is a resounding “Yes. There is. The problem is definitely you.”
Ilana Glazer: Human Magic (Hulu) - Dec. 20
The Broad City alum tackles everything from motherhood to being a stoner in her new stand-up special.
Josh Groban & Friends Go Home for the Holidays (CBS) - Dec. 20
Hosted and executive produced by Josh Groban, the special features a new format combining compelling stories, music, comedy and a live adoption on stage, celebrating the creation of a new family. Musical performances include holiday classics, new releases and original duets with Groban and his guests, including James Bay, Jennifer Hudson, Tori Kelly and The War And Treaty.
2024 Back That Year Up with Kevin Hart and Kenan Thompson (Peacock) - Dec. 23
2024 Back That Year Up With Kevin Hart and Kenan Thompson returns for a third annual special highlighting the biggest moments of the year. The comedic duo will close out the year with their unfiltered humor as they recap the past year of pop culture, sports, social media and politics. The special will feature guest appearances from the year’s most talked about celebrities, including Nate Bargatze, Mookie Betts, Kenny G, Blake Griffin, Jon Hamm, Jonquel Jones, Seth Meyers, mgk and Rashida ‘Sheedz’ Olayiwola. 
The Flipping El Moussas (HGTV) - Dec. 26
Real estate power couple Tarek and Heather Rae El Moussa will continue to grow their working relationship while juggling the addition of a rambunctious toddler to their busy family life in the newest season of their follow-doc series.
The season will kick off in Hawthorne, California, where Tarek and Heather Rae tackle their most extreme flip project to date.
Squid Game 2 (Netfix) - Dec. 26
Three years after winning Squid Game, Player 456 gave up going to the states and comes back with a new resolution in his mind. Gi-hun once again dives into the mysterious survival game, starting another life-or-death game with new participants gathered to win the prize of 45.6 billion won. 
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.