By JOANNA CRAWLEY FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  15:37, 20 May 2024   |  Updated:  15:55, 20 May 2024   
 9
View  comments
Zoe Saldana looked gorgeous as she arrived at the Kering Women in Motion event during the Cannes Film Festival on Monday to talk about her new movie.
The actress wowed in a sheer lace bardot top teamed with a satin pencil skirt as she posed for photos before joining Variety’s senior entertainment writer Angelique Jackson for a conversation about her movie Emilia Perez.
Emilia Perez's official debut took place at Cannes this past Saturday, where it was met with widespread critical acclaim, while the cast, including Selena Gomez, were in tears during a nine-minute standing ovation. 
Speaking on Monday, Zoe explained why the cast were so emotional at the premiere, revealing that it was the first time anyone in the cast had seen the movie.
Zoe Saldana looked gorgeous as she arrived at the Kering Women in Motion event during the Cannes Film Festival on Monday to talk about her new movie
The actress wowed in a sheer lace bardot top teamed with a satin pencil skirt as she posed for photos before joining Variety for a conversation about her movie Emilia Perez
Zoe mused that director and writer Jacques Audiard had planned the cast's debut viewing 'on purpose, because he really wanted to get a natural, simultaneous response from all of us.'
Zoe added that she also managed to 'get out of my head' while watching, explaining: 'As an artist I'm never satisfied, I'm really, really hard on myself.'
'So I'm watching it with such a critical eye, which is why I like to watch things first without anybody so I can go through my crazies in privacy and then I'm ready for the red carpet.'
'But this was different, it compelled me to be present and to get out of my head. The story was so moving so everytime I watching Karla or Selena or Edgar, I just forgot I was in it so I was really happy. It's been a while since I've been easy on myself.'
The musical crime drama is centered on a lawyer who is enlisted by a Mexican crime lord to help him go through a sex change operation.
In addition to Saldana, the cast of the film is led by Karla Sofia Gascon, Selena Gomez and Edgar Ramirez.
Audiard spoke to Variety earlier this year and revealed that he did not initially envision Emilia Perez as a feature-length film.
Emilia Perez's official debut took place at Cannes this past Saturday, where it was met with widespread critical acclaim, while the cast were in tears during a nine-minute standing ovation
Speaking on Monday, Zoe explained why the cast were so emotional at the premiere, revealing that it was the first time anyone in the cast had seen the movie
Zoe mused that director and writer Jacques Audiard had planned the cast's debut viewing 'on purpose, because he really wanted to get a natural, simultaneous response from all of us' (Zoe pictured with Audiard and Selena Gomez at Saturday's premiere ) 
The musical crime drama is centered on a lawyer who is enlisted by a Mexican crime lord to help him go through a sex change operation
The director told the media outlet that he originally thought that the project would take the form of 'an opera libretto in four acts,' although he later changed his mind.
'It was the first time that an idea [for a film] came to me under this shape,' he added. 
The filmmaker went on to state that he shot the movie predominantly in studios, as working on set gave him 'more freedom for the parts that are sung and choreographed.'
He described his choice to film his project in a studio as feeling 'like a return to a primary intuition.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group