By ALESIA STANFORD FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  17:11, 29 October 2024   |  Updated:  17:30, 29 October 2024   
 11
View  comments
Eva Longoria was up with the sun as she promoted her new cookbook in New York City on Tuesday. 
The actress, 49, who had a hand in developing the successful John Wick franchise, looked radiant as she headed in to the Good Morning Amerca studios.
There she spoke about her new cookbook, My Mexican Kitchen: 100 Recipes Rich with Tradition, Flavor and Spice, and her time on Only Murders in the Building.
Longoria played a version of herself cast to portray Selena Gomez's Mabel Mora in a film version of the podcast Mabel produces with her neighbors in the show.  The veteran actress had high praise for her co-star. 
'I met Selena a long time ago,' she told host Lara Spencer. 'She just has such a good head on her shoulders, she's just  fantastic,' Longoria said, when asked if she had offered any advice to the actress, singer and Rare Beauty founder.
Eva Longoria was up with the sun as she promoted her new cookbook in New York City on Tuesday. The actress, 49, looked radiant as she headed in to the Good Morning America studios
'We're both from Texas, we're both Texican, we're both Mexicans from Texas, and she's just been such a great, great role model for so many women, so I didn't have to give her any advice. She's got her head on straight,' she said, adding it was a 'dream' to work with Steve Martin and Martin Short as well.  
For Tuesday's appearance on the morning chat show, Longoria took on the role of 'short order cook' to demonstrate an easy vegetarian chili recipe.
The Desperate Housewives alum skipped a chef's coat for her appearance and opted for a silky bronze long sleeve blouse, which brought out the warm tones in her skin, tucked into a brown suede maxi skirt.
She added a pop of color with burnt orange suede high heel boots.
Her hair was styled in straight layers, and the Land of Women star's makeup was camera ready, but natural looking. 
Longoria said she was inspired to write her cookbook while working on CNN's Searching for Mexico. 
'This cookbook is a reflection of that time, going through that entire country, going back to my roots, and so I was like, "I've got to document all this," and then before you knew it, I had so many recipes, it was like, 'Oh, I have to share."'
The Flamin' Hot director, who described herself as a 'short order cook' for her husband José Bastón and their son Santiago, six, said the recipes in the new tome are 'user friendly.'
The actress and author was there to promote her new cookbook, My Mexican Kitchen: 100 Recipes Rich with Tradition, Flavor and Spice
During her visit Longoria spoke about working with Selena Gomez on the hit comedy Only Murders in the Building. She plays a fictionalized version of herself, cast to play Gomez's Mabel in a movie version of the podcast around which the show is built
Longoria has high praise for her fellow Texan. 'She's just been such a great, great role model for so many women,' Longoria said   (Pictured in Los Angeles October 28)
'I hate un-user friendly cookbooks. It needs to be really simple and easy, but these are so delicious and they are traditional stuff.'
'This is a vegan chili,' she said referring to the simple dish she was preparing, adding, 'but you can add meat if you want.'
The glamorous cook used a large stew pot to which she added some chopped peppers and onions with olive oil. 
Longoria said she was inspired to write her cookbook while working on CNN's Searching for Mexico.  While producing and starring in the series the actress said she gathered 'so many recipes, it was like, 'Oh, I have to share"'
Longoria the recipes in the cookbook were 'user friendly' as she demonstrated how to make the vegan chili
'I have all different color peppers. You can use red ones, orange ones, yellow ones, you can use whatever peppers you want.'
She then switched to another pot which already contained the sauteed veggies, to that she added several different spices, including cumin, chili powder, cayenne and red pepper flakes, as Longoria likes her chili 'a little spicy.'
The Unplugging actress also added a generous dollop of garlic. 'That's a lot of garlic,' Spencer pointed out. 
'I love garlic,' exclaimed Longoria, 'There's no such thing as too much garlic,' she contended.'
 'Agreed,' said the host.
Then it was time to add the tomatoes, water and the beans, stir and let simmer for 30 minutes.
'I love all the beans. You can use any bean,' she said of the versatile recipe.
My Mexican Kitchen arrived on bookstore shelves Tuesday, the same day The Only Murders in the Building season finale was dropped.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group