She's also psyched he always brings her favorite Taco Bell Mexican pizza.

													By
												

	Gil Kaufman


Selena Gomez already knew she was dating one of the Sexiest Men Alive. But it definitely felt good that People magazine agreed. After boyfriend producer Benny Blanco appeared in a preview of this year’s issue — in which he sprawled seductively across a desk while showing off his signature champagne and homemade Mexican Pizza meal — Sel had some thoughts.

	In an Instagram Story, Gomez reposted the pic with her own shout-out, writing, “Not only do you love me unconditionally… You always get me my Taco Bell Mexican pizza.” In a second slide, Gomez posted a poem from author William C Hannan — while tagging Blanco — that read, “I still haven’t figured out how to sit across from you/ And not be madly in love with everything you do.”

	










	Blanco mentioned in his interview that he’s mastered his own take on Taco Bell’s meat mix because it’s one of the singer’s favorites, telling the magazine that, “I’ve practiced a lot, and I think it’s pretty indistinguishable now if you put them side by side. There’s so many things you have to do. Part of the meat is kind of blended. It’s disgusting, but it’s delicious. I do it all from scratch… Even if you’re terrible at cooking, [your partner will] like it because you did it. Ask your partner what they want to eat. Don’t try to cook them what you want to eat. If you don’t know how to cook it — learn it.”




			Trending on Billboard		






	The couple have been together since last year and in the preview of the Sexiest Man issue — this year’s honoree is slated to be revealed on The Late Show on Tuesday night (Nov. 12) — Blanco gave his eight secrets to success in love and life. That roster included, of course, learning how to cook your beloved’s favorite meals, making the first date a big deal, taking care of what you wear and how you look and being a great party host, among other tips.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.