ABC’s 2025 midseason lineup includes the return of Will Trent and The Rookie as well as the debuts of Extreme Makeover: Home Edition and Shifting Gears. The network’s midseason schedule also features new episodes of High Potential‘s first season and the much-anticipated Abbott Elementary and It’s Always Sunny in Philadelphia crossover episode.
Hulu’s Only Murders in the Building season two makes its broadcast debut, and Grant Ellis looks for love on season 29 of The Bachelor. ABC’s also set midseason dates for Celebrity Jeopardy!, What Would You Do?, The Secret Lives of Mormon Wives, Scamanda, and Perfect Wife: The Mysterious Disappearance of Sherri Papini.
9-1-1, Doctor Odyssey, and Grey’s Anatomy return after the winter break in March 2025.
THURSDAY, JAN 2
8:00 p.m. – Extreme Makeover: Home Edition (Series Premiere)
9:00 p.m. – Only Murders in the Building (Broadcast Season Two Premiere – two hours)
SUNDAY, JAN 5
7:00 p.m. – AFV (Midseason Return)
8:00 p.m. – The Wonderful World of Disney
TUESDAY, JAN 7
8:00 p.m. – Will Trent (Season Three Premiere)
9:00 p.m. – High Potential (Midseason Return)
10:00 p.m. – The Rookie (Season Seven Premiere)
WEDNESDAY, JAN 8
8:00 p.m. – Shifting Gears (Series Premiere)
8:30 p.m. – Abbott Elementary (Midseason Return)
9:02 p.m. – Celebrity Jeopardy! (Season Three Premiere)
10:02 p.m. – What Would You Do? (Midseason Return)
FRIDAY, JAN 17
8:00 p.m. – Shark Tank (Midseason Return)
SATURDAY, JAN 25
8:00 p.m. – NBA Countdown Presented by Papa Johns
8:30 p.m. – Los Angeles Lakers at Golden State Warriors
MONDAY, JAN 27
8:00 p.m. – The Bachelor (Season 29 Premiere – two hours)
10:01 p.m. – The Secret Lives of Mormon Wives (Broadcast Series Premiere)
THURSDAY, JAN 30
9:00 p.m. – Scamanda (Series Premiere)
10:00 p.m. – Perfect Wife: The Mysterious Disappearance of Sherri Papini (Broadcast Series Premiere)
THURSDAY, MAR 6
8:00 p.m. – 9-1-1 (Midseason Return)
9:00 p.m. – Doctor Odyssey (Midseason Return)
10:00 p.m. – Grey’s Anatomy (Midseason Return)
SUNDAY, MAR 9
8:00 p.m. – American Idol (Season Eight Premiere – two hours)
10:00 p.m. – The $100,000 Pyramid (Season Eight Premiere)
Extreme Makeover: Home Edition: A new iteration of Extreme Makeover: Home Edition returns to ABC with Clea Shearer and Joanna Teplin, co-founders of the global lifestyle brand The Home Edit, set to host. Alongside designers Wendell Holland and Arianne Bellizaire, Shearer and Teplin will harness their world-renowned organizational expertise to thoughtfully design and specifically tailor each home from the inside out. Like the original series, this reimagining will showcase heartwarming stories, inspired volunteers and mind-blowing builds for deserving families who give back to their communities. Assisting them is a team of builders and contractors from homebuilder Taylor Morrison who will expertly reconfigure the home based on the family’s lifestyle and needs.
Shifting Gears – Shifting Gears stars Tim Allen as Matt, the stubborn, widowed owner of a classic car restoration shop. When Matt’s estranged daughter (Kat Dennings) and her kids move into his house, the real restoration begins.
Only Murders in the Building – From the minds of Steve Martin, Dan Fogelman and John Hoffman comes a comedic murder-mystery series for the ages. Only Murders in the Building follows three strangers (Steve Martin, Martin Short and Selena Gomez) who share an obsession with true crime and suddenly find themselves wrapped up in one. Season two follows the shocking death of Arconia Board President Bunny Folger; and Charles, Oliver and Mabel race to unmask her killer. However, three (unfortunate) complications ensue—the trio is publicly implicated in Bunny’s homicide; they are now the subjects of a competing podcast; and they have to deal with a bunch of New York neighbors who all think they committed murder.
The Secret Lives of Mormon Wives – The scandalous world of a group of Mormon mom influencers implodes when they get caught in the midst of a swinging scandal that makes international headlines. Now, their sisterhood is shook to its core. Faith, friendship and reputations are all on the line. Will #MomTok be able to survive and continue to give the rulebook a run for its money, or will this group fall from grace?
Perfect Wife: The Mysterious Disappearance of Sherri Papini – Keith and Sherri Papini’s seemingly idyllic family life is shattered when Sherri vanishes from their northern California neighborhood, triggering a frenzied search that becomes news around the world. With unprecedented access to Sherri’s family and friends—as well as the investigators who struggled for six years to solve the mystery of her disappearance—this limited documentary series intimately explores the jaw-dropping revelations of a relationship that wasn’t what it seemed.
Advertisement




Advertisement




Advertisement




Write for Showbiz Junkies!
Contact Us
Follow Showbiz Junkies on Social Media
About the Showbiz Junkies Team
Terms and Conditions