We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
Zoe Saldaña also stars. 
Selena Gomez's new critically-acclaimed movie Emilia Pérez is now available to watch on Netflix. 
The Spanish-language musical stars Zoe Saldaña as a lawyer who is kidnapped to help a Mexican cartel leader (Karla Sofía Gascón) undergo gender-affirming surgery. Gomez plays the cartel leader's wife, Jessi.
The film, which received a an 11-minute standing ovation after its premiere at Cannes earlier this year, was added to the streaming service today (November 13). 
Related: Best film and TV tours for 2024
Emilia Pérez has received largely positive reviews from critics, earning it a certified fresh score of 82% on Rotten Tomatoes from 148 reviews at the time of writing. It's also one of this season's biggest awards contenders.
In Digital Spy's review of the film, we described it as "a love-it-or-hate-it type of movie that at times comes across as absolutely ridiculous, but it's always audacious, fresh, daring and visually exciting".
Speaking to DS ahead of the film's release on Netflix, Gomez revealed that she was "nervous" to perform in a musical.  
Related: Zoe Saldaña praises important trans representation in Emilia Pérez
"I had never really performed a musical and let alone danced in a movie like this," she explained. 
"I was a little nervous. I don't think that I was channelling any of who I was, or am on stage. I don't even really feel like I know that person anymore."
The Grammy-nominated singer also shared that she had to change her style as a singer and dancer in order to play the role. 
"I really had to abandon all of my old habits as a performer and really delve into Jessi and have her desperation and her frustration come out as a physical movement," she said. "It was very different from what I'm used to."
Emilia Pérez is now available to watch on Netflix.
Freelance Reporter, Digital Spy After completing her joint honours degree in Journalism and English Literature at Cardiff University, Iona joined Digital Spy as a Content Production Intern in 2022. In that role, Iona wrote across both news and features, specialising in TV and movies. Following her internship, Iona now contributes to DS as a freelance reporter. 
 Iona has reported from the Black Adam red carpet, and interviewed celebrities ranging from Love Island stars to the cast of Disney's live-action The Little Mermaid.
Netflix drops first trailer for horror sequel
Critically-acclaimed documentary to leave Netflix
Is Walker dead at the end of Havoc?
Best movies on Netflix to watch now
Divisive Netflix hit storms trending chart
Is Netflix's new star-studded show worth watching?
Netflix renews "non-stop fun" comedy series
Netflix’s "bittersweet" drama racks up huge views
Heartstopper boss teases "emotional send-off"
Annihilation lands new UK streaming home
Tom Hardy clears up Pride & Prejudice rumour
Sex Education star lands major movie role
DIGITAL SPY, PART OF THE HEARST UK ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK
We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England. All Rights Reserved.