Selena Gomez looked gorgeous as she rocked a make-up free look for a day out at an exclusive West Hollywood salon .
The 31-year-old singer opted for a relaxed ensemble of a cosy grey cashmere two-piece teamed with fluffy cream sliders as she arrived at Face Place on Monday, and it appeared she would be at the salon for a while, as she was carrying her phone and two heavy bags. The facility is located in a stunning historical stone building on Santa Monica Boulevard, and it claims to be a “comfortable, unpretentious environment” for high-profile clients.
Face Place, which has been in West Hollywood for 45 years, has an array of luxury treatments for Selena to choose from, including a Hollywood A-List facial, which costs £235 ($300) and includes a vitamin C peel combined with other procedures, such as LED light therapy. There’s also an iDerm facial, which the salon claims “can be credited for the red carpet glow of some of your favorite Hollywood A-listers”, and uses a “galvanic current” that aims to regenerate skin cells and tighten pores.
READ MORE: Selena Gomez 'feels awkward' as new boyfriend Benny Blanco escorted off red carpet
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US .
Her salon visit comes after she uploaded a video on TikTok showing her using products from her own skincare brand, Rare Beauty. “Have to start my morning with @RareBeauty,” Selena captioned the clip, which was accompanied by her “favourite” track at the moment, Ariana Grande ’s new single Yes, And?
She started with her Rare Beauty Find Comfort Body Lotion, which she applied to her neck and chest, before liberally spritzing the Find Comfort Hair and Body Mist. Selena then used the Find Comfort Aromatherapy Pen, which she dabbed onto her temples and pulse points on her neck, and then squeezed some to rub in her chest. She finished off her calming morning routine with the Find Comfort Hydrating Hand Cream.
The Only Murders in the Building star launched her Find Comfort body care collection last month, and said it was a dream she had been “cooking up for a while” after fans reached out to the singer, begging her to expand her Rare Beauty brand. “I think it's important to take a moment out of your day to find comfort. That can be in friends, a phone call or a moment to yourself. That stuff is really important to do for yourself. I wanted to feel like you can find comfort in these products,” she told Forbes .
The singer, who recently went public with her new boyfriend, producer Benny Blanco, is currently preparing to star as Grammy-winning singer Linda Ronstadt in director David O. Russell's untitled biopic. “I have no words to describe my heart for this project. Years of hoping this dream would become my reality. Love your heart and soul for life and music @lindaronstadtmusic,” Selena gushed in a post on social media.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.