Broadway + NYC
Broadway
Off-Broadway
Off-Off Broadway
Cabaret
Dance
Opera
Classical Music
United States
Eastern
Central
Western
Minneapolis / St. Paul
Connecticut
Atlanta
Chicago
Los Angeles
Central New York
West End
WEST END
UK Regional
International
Canada
Australia / New Zealand
Europe
Asia
Latin America
Africa / Middle East
Entertainment
TV/Movies
Music
Streep will be returning to her role as Loretta Durkin in Season Four of Only Murder in the Building, which will be set in Los Angeles.
POPULAR
In a panel at the For Your Consideration event for Only Murders in the Building on Friday Meryl Streep detailed her experience recording Sara Bareilles and Pasek and Paul's song "Look to the Light," stating that the recording session made her "really nervous," according to the Hollywood Reporter.
“[The song] was beautiful and I thought, ‘Wow, oh man, I hope I can do this.’ And I was very nervous and we went in to record it — you record it first so you can fake sing it on the day so you can do it over and over and all the takes match — but I was really nervous in the recording session,” she said.
Pasek and Paul, who were also on the panel, joked that she kicked them out of the studio. Streep explained that it was due to the 20 onlookers who were watching her sing.
She added: “I just said, ‘I can’t do it,’ and I was shitty, really bad in the beginning and I thought, ‘It’s because you’re nervous. People have an idea of what they’re going to hear and if it’s not that, [it will] come crashing down and [they will] think, ‘How can we get rid of her? She called up and asked to be in this and it’s so bad. After they left the room, I was great.”
Streep will be returning to her role as Loretta Durkin in Season Four of Only Murder in the Building, which will be set in Los Angeles. Additional guest stars will include Molly Shannon, Eva Longoria, and Eugene Levy.
Read the full article here.
From the minds of Steve Martin, DAN FOGELMAN and John Hoffman comes a comedic murder-mystery series for the ages. “Only Murders in the Building” follows three strangers (Steve Martin, Martin Short and Selena Gomez) who share an obsession with true crime and suddenly find themselves wrapped up in one.
When a grisly death occurs inside their exclusive Upper West Side apartment building, the trio suspects murder and employs their precise knowledge of true crime to investigate the truth. As they record a podcast of their own to document the case, the three unravel the complex secrets of the building which stretch back years. Perhaps even more explosive are the lies they tell one another. Soon, the endangered trio comes to realize a killer might be living amongst them as they race to decipher the mounting clues before it’s too late. 
Ready to feel the rhythm of Cuba? Buena Vista Social Club has officially arrived on Broadway. A world-class Afro-Cuban band is  joined by a sensational cast in this unforgettable tale of survival, second chances, and the extraordinary power of music.  Step into the heart of Cuba, beyond the glitz of the Tropicana, to a place where blazing trumpets and sizzling  guitars set the dance floor on fire. Here, the sound of Havana is born—and one woman's remarkable journey  begins. 
Actors' Equity Association is raising alarm over President Donald Trump’s latest budget proposal, which calls for the elimination of federal funding for the National Endowment for the Arts (NEA) and other cultural agencies.
A bevy of Broadway’s brightest stars - from icons Jennifer Holliday and Andrea Martin to show-stopping newcomers Tom Francis and Jasmine Amy Rogers - lit up the Al Hirschfeld Theatre on April 28, 2025, at the inaugural Broadway Dream Roles. Get a first look at highlights from the event!
Jordan Litz and his Wicked co-stars have returned with another installment of the 'Swankified Stairwell Sessions.' This time, they video features Allie Trimm and Mary Kate Morrissey for a performance of 'What Is This Feeling?'
Get a first look at the company of Goodspeed Musicals' Ragtime - the first production of the 2025 season. A powerful musical about the dreams of three American families woven together with ragtime, jazz and show tunes, Ragtime runs through June 15, 2025 at The Goodspeed in East Haddam, Conn.
Videos
Recommended For You
Sign up for announcements, and exclusive discounts on tickets to your favorite shows!
© 2025 - Copyright Wisdom Digital Media, all rights reserved. Privacy Policy