e-Edition
Get the latest news delivered daily!
Get the latest news delivered daily!
e-Edition

			Trending:		
“Only Murders in the Building” star Martin Short is the new mayor of the small California town named Funner.
Known for his television work on “SCTV” and “Saturday Night Live” and appearances in films such as “Father of the Bride” and “The Three Amigos,” Short – who is currently enjoying a successful run of the Hulu series “Murders” with Steve Martin, Selena Gomez, Meryl Streep and Jane Lynch – is now trying his hand at celebrity mayoral duties.
“Being here this morning is kind of a dream come true,” Short said during his inauguration at Harrah’s Resort Southern California, which is located in Funner, on Monday, May 13. “Even as a kid, I used to love playing cowboys and American-Indian casino owners.”
The ceremony was hosted by Funner’s former mayor Lynch, who passed the torch to Short. The costars took playful jabs at each other and kept the crowd laughing.
“One time I asked Jane what she would be doing if she wasn’t a talented comedic actress and she said, ‘Probably what you’re doing,’” he joked. “It’s always fun with Jane, whether you’re taking away her position as mayor or doing the scene. She’s a great, lovely, sweet, and talented person.”
Short follows in the footsteps of other celebrity mayors of the town, including Lynch, Rob Riggle and David Hasselhoff. The quirky municipal position is a result of the casino’s rebranding strategy, a years-long effort that culminated in 2016 when the Rincon Band of Luiseño Indians renamed 40 acres in North San Diego County — home to the massive resort and casino — and had it recognized as a new city and GPS destination.
Short has no political experience, aside from portraying President Jack Nicholson’s press secretary in the comedy sci-fi film, “Mars Attacks!” Short will work in tandem with Funner’s city council, headed by Harrah’s Resort Southern California’s senior VP and general manager Jill Barrett, to amp up the town’s fun as the fourth mayor. Over his two-year term, Short will collaborate with the property’s internal marketing team and lead the casino in several promotions, including launching specialty resort menu items like the Short Stack Pancakes and the Mayor’s Choice Cosmo. The celebrated actor was also given a key to the city, awarded by chairman Bo Mazzetti of the Rincon Band of Luiseño Indians.
The property will also release two commercials, with Short promoting his reign as mayor in the coming weeks. One is a bit of Short playing different characters within Harrah’s, and the other is a musical number. Short credited the direction of the ads to screenwriter Matt Roberts, who previously worked on the “Late Show with David Letterman,” and said he hopes it gives visitors an idea of what they’re in for with him as mayor.
“I hope it brings peace and happiness to everyone in Funner, and that they have even more fun than they’re having right now,” he said. “If they have more fun, I will take full responsibility.”
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group