“Where can I get this hat!?” Scherzinger commented on a Russell Brand post celebrating Trump's win before deleting her reply
Nicole Scherzinger has responded to criticism after commenting on a post by Russell Brand celebrating Trump’s win, saying it was not “politically related”.
Earlier this week, the Pussycat Dolls singer responded to a photo on Brand’s Instagram which showed him holding up a red cap emblazoned with the words: “Make Jesus First Again.”
“Where can I get this hat!?” Scherzinger wrote in the comments section before deleting her reply.
This has led many to believe that she revealed herself to be a Trump fan due to the hat’s similarities with Trump’s MAGA hats that feature his slogan: “Make American Great Again.”
It prompted backlash online, with many angry over her apparent support for Trump – along with the fact that Brand was recently accused of a number of sexual offences following a joint investigation by Channel 4’s Dispatches programme, The Times and Sunday Times.
Brand has strongly denied all of the allegations, saying all of his sexual relationships were “absolutely always consensual”.
In an Instagram Story shared yesterday (November 8), she responded to the backlash: “I deeply apologize for the hurt caused by my recent engagement with some social media posts. When I commented on these posts, I made the mistake of not realizing that they could be easily interpreted as being politically related and I apologize to anyone who understandably reached that conclusion.”
Nicole Scherzinger. CREDIT: Cedric Ribeiro/Getty Images for the Global Citizen Forum
“Many presumptions are being drawn, which do not reflect who I am, what I stand for, or who I voted for,” she continued. “Many of the marginalized communities feeling hurt and concerned by the results of the presidential election are people I care about most. I stand with them, as I always have, throughout my life and career. If you know me, you know that.”
She then explains her post interaction: “I believed that the posts I engaged with were about encouraging people to choose love and faith – “putting Jesus first.” For me Christ embodies peace, compassion, hope, and above all unconditional love, especially for those who may feel it the least right now.”
“I come from a place of love, and I will always support values that bring us closer together. It’s so important we come together with compassion, and love one another more now than ever.”
Elsewhere, a host of artists have expressed their dismay at Trump being re-elected as President of the United States including Madonna, who wrote: “Trying to get my head around why a convicted felon, rapist, bigot was chosen to lead our country because he’s good for the economy?”.
Donald Trump during the 2024 presidential election. CREDIT: Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images)
Billie Eilish was visibly emotional while performing at a concert and dedicated ‘Your Power’ to her female fans. “Someone who hates women so, so deeply is about to be the President. This song is for all the women out there. I love you, I support you,” she added.
Jack White shared a blistering attack on social media, in which he lambasted Trump and made a point to highlight several groups who will be affected by the convicted felon’s presidency: “Americans chose a known, obvious fascist and now America will get whatever this wannabe dictator wants to enact from here on in… Immigrants?
“He wants you out. Minorities? He doesn’t care about you at ALL. Women? You know exactly what he thinks of you. Dying on the stretcher from a miscarriage of your rapist’s pregnancy?”
Ariana Grande and Selena Gomez also offered their fans comfort after Trump was re-elected as the President of the United States.
Police meanwhile have passed a file of evidence to the Crown Prosecution Service containing allegations of sexual offences made by Brand. The accusations against Brand are thought to date back to the height of his commercial success, between 2006 and 2013.
The CPS will now decide whether there is enough evidence to charge the comedian and whether a trial would be in the public interest.
The claims first came to light in a Dispatches broadcast in September last year, which also included accusations of controlling, abusive and predatory behaviour.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.