By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
A new paramedic is joining the Chicago Fire rotation.
Jocelyn Hudon (When Hope Calls, Acapulco) will recur in Season 12 of the hit procedural, currently airing Wednesdays on NBC, Deadline reports. 
This comes after Kara Killmer departed as beloved paramedic Sylvie Brett in the season’s sixth episode, marrying Jesse Spencer’s Matt Casey (who left the firehouse in Season 10) in an unconventional fish store wedding.
Ambulance 61 saw a potential replacement for Brett in Lennox (Wesam Keesh), who was assigned by Laura Allen’s Chief Robinson to work alongside Violet (Hanako Greensmith). But he was dismissed in this week’s episode by Boden (Eamonn Walker) due to fraught interpersonal dynamics. 

 




Related Stories Grosse Pointe Garden Society Finally Reveals Who Died the Night of the Gala — And It’s Not Who You Expected SNL Is Stuck in a Creative Rut in Its 50th Season — Can It Be Fixed? 
Ready for some more recent newsy nuggets? Well…
* The Apple TV+ sci-fi drama Invasion has added two more to its growing Season 3 roster. Per Deadline, Wu-Tang: An American Saga’s Ashton Sanders and Eric Lange (Perry Mason, Victorious) have been cast in recurring roles, though details on who they’re playing remain under wraps.
* Selena Gomez will put her cooking skills to the test with Selena + Restaurant, premiering the first two episodes Thursday, May 2 at 7 p.m. on Food Network (and streaming on Max). The new series finds her working in the kitchens of top chefs like Shirley Chung, Keith Corbin, Stephanie Izard, Andrew & Michelle Muñoz, Wolfgang Puck and Marcel Vigneron in the hopes of creating a dish worthy enough to be added to their respective menus.
* Welcome to Wrexham Season 3 — which was previously slated to premiere on Thursday, April 18 — will now premiere on Thursday, May 2 at 10/9c on FX (and stream next day on Hulu).
* Dionne Gipson (The Wilds, NCIS) will recur in Found Season 2 as a currently unnamed character who is close to Shanola Hampton’s Gabi, according to Deadline.
* Netflix‘s upcoming medical procedural Pulse — from creators Zoe Robyn and Carlton Cuse  — has added five to its cast, including Jack Bannon (Pennyworth, Medici), Jessie T. Usher (The Boys), Chelsea Muirhead (Warrior), Daniela Nieves (Vampire Academy) and Jessy Yates, Deadline reports.
* Netflix has released a trailer for the live-action/CGI hybrid comedy Woody Woodpecker Goes to Camp, premiering Friday, April 12:
Comments are monitored, so don’t forkin' curse and don’t bore us with how much your coworker’s sister-in-law makes per hour. Talk smart about TV! 
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * Your email address will not be published. We will notify you when someone replies.
Δ
Did I miss something? I think Violet only worked with Lennox since Brett’s exit? Can hardly say that’s a revolving door? Looking forward to her new partner!
No, you’re right. Just the one. Post has been fixed!
Revolving door? There’s been one.
I don’t think this writer pays attention to the shows they’re commenting on. Violet has had one partner since Brett left, certainly not a revolving door.
Sorry to hear that Welcome to Wrexham is delayed but it’s worth the wait.  I’m just glad we’re getting another season.
Why did I not get usual email notification about this story?
By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.