By The Deadline Team 

	Deadline on Monday launched the streaming site featuring all panel conversations from Contenders London, the movie awards-season kickoff  that featured creatives and key craftspeople from seven buzzy films that will be at the forefront of kudos conversations leading up to the Oscars.

	A starry list of panels for Saturday’s event at the Ham Yard Hotel in London included Selena Gomez, Zoe Saldaña, Karla Sofía Gascón, Adriana Paz and writer-director Jacques Audiard discussing buzzy crime-musical Emilia Pérez. The film is selected to represent France in the Oscar International Feature Film category, and all four actresses already shared the Best Actress award at Cannes earlier this year.

	










	Another big name on our docket was Denis Villeneuve, who was onstage to discuss blockbuster hit Dune: Part Two with producers Mary Parent and Tanya Lapointe.




			Watch on Deadline		






	Malcolm Washington’s debut feature The Piano Lesson was the subject of a session with the filmmaker’s brother, John David Washington, along with Danielle Deadwyler and two-time Oscar-winning composer Alexandre Desplat. The team was on hand to to talk about a film steeped in generational connection.

	Also, in the family-tension business is Mike Leigh’s acclaimed new film Hard Truths, which he discussed on stage with actors Marianne Jean-Baptiste and Michele Austin.

RELATED: Mike Leigh Planning To Shoot Next Movie In 2025

	Another British treasure to feature at our event was Wallace & Gromit. Filmmaker Nick Park was on hand with co-director Merlin Crossingham and executive producer Carla Shelley to talk about new film Wallace & Gromit: Vengeance Most Fowl.

	Another work that has delighted all ages is The Wild Robot. Chris Sanders wrote and directed the heartwarming story of a lost robot that must assimilate to life in a forest, and learn some lessons on prejudice, empathy and love along the way. Lupita Nyong’o, who voices the robot, joined Sanders on stage alongside composer Kris Bowers.

RELATED: ‘The Wild Robot’ Sequel In The Works At DreamWorks With Director Chris Sanders

	We were also thrilled to have RaMell Ross in town to discuss acclaimed drama Nickel Boys. Ross was joined by stars Ethan Herisse and Brandon Wilson to discuss the harrowing coming-of-age true story.

	










	Studios participating included Warner Bros and Legendary, Netflix, BBC, DreamWorks, Orion and Amazon MGM, and Bleecker Street/Studiocanal.

	Contenders London is the first event of the movie-awards season for Deadline. Next up is Contenders Los Angeles, which takes place November 16.
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.