Select Page
Posted by Dennis Sellers | Mar 7, 2024 | MacTech News | 





Apple Original Films has unveiled the trailer for the film “STEVE! (martin) a documentary in 2 pieces,” starring Steve Martin, Finn Wittrock, Martin Short, Tina Fey, Jerry Seinfeld, Eric Idle, Diane Keaton and Selena Gomez, and directed by Academy Award winner Morgan Neville.
Here’s how the documentary is described: Steve Martin is one of the most beloved and enigmatic figures in entertainment. “STEVE! (martin) a documentary in 2 pieces” dives into his extraordinary story from two distinct points of view, with companion documentaries that feature never-before-seen footage and raw insights into Martin’s personal and professional trials and triumphs. “Then” chronicles Martin’s early struggles and meteoric rise to revolutionize stand-up before walking away at 35. “Now” focuses on the present day, with Martin in the golden years of his career, retracing the transformation that led to happiness in his art and personal life.
Hailing from A24 and Tremolo Productions, the two-part documentary is directed and produced by Neville (“20 Feet from Stardom,” “Won’t You Be My Neighbor?”).
Apple TV+ is available on the Apple TV app in over 100 countries and regions, on over 1 billion screens, including iPhone, iPad, Apple TV, Mac, popular smart TVs from Samsung, LG, Sony, VIZIO, TCL and others, Roku and Amazon Fire TV devices, Chromecast with Google TV, PlayStation and Xbox gaming consoles, and at tv.apple.com, for $9.99 per month with a seven-day free trial. 
For a limited time, customers who purchase and activate a new iPhone, iPad, Apple TV, Mac or iPod touch can enjoy three months of Apple TV+ for free. For more information, visit apple.com/tvpr and see the full list of supported devices.

Article provided with permission from AppleWorld.Today
Share:
Rate:
January 2, 2003
November 22, 2024
August 22, 2008
April 14, 2010
Smart Spacers® are the Ultimate Table Divider for any table. Conference Tables, Portable / Folding Tables, Rectangle Tables, Round Conference Tables, Round Tables, Assisted Living, Banquet and Events, Clampless Versions, Conference Rooms, Executive and Meeting Tables, Offices, Restaurants, acrylic, rectangle, banquet, conference, club, dining, restaurant, hospitality, section, barrier, screen, zone, Tabletop, square, panel, plexiglass, social distancing, sneeze guard, table divider, divider panels, virus protection, plexiglass dividers, round table divider , Sneeze Guard divider, plexi partitions, plexiglass partitions, acrylic partitions, round table, safety overhang, social distancing, physical separate, 
Copyright 1984-2025 MacTech. All rights reserved. | Legal Stuff | Support: Email or 877-MACTECH, +1-805-494-9797