Amy Graves/WireImage
Alex Russo is back in action! Selena ​Gomez will reprise the beloved role in an upcoming sequel to Disney’s Wizards of Waverly Place. While the series will focus on a fresh generation of young magic users and the family of her TV brother Justin (David Henrie), Selena — who appeared on the original show from 2007 to 2012 — will serve as executive producer and is set to guest-star in the pilot. David shared a ​picture of Selena and the new cast on January 22, 2024, with the caption, “Let’s make some magic.”

The full-time cast will also include Janice LeAnn Brown, Alkaio Thiele and Mimi Gianopulos.
Not only are David and Selena reprising their roles as siblings, but they will also serve as executive producers behind the scenes.
The original show also starred Jake T. Austin, Jennifer Stone, Maria Canals-Barrera and David DeLuise.
DeLuise revealed he would reprise his role by sharing a photo with Henrie, Selena and Maria via Instagram on January 26, 2024. “The Russos coming back,” he wrote.
While Jake wasn’t included in the photo, he promised that he will also appear on the show by posting the snapshot via his Instagram Stories on January 27, 2024. “Wow! Am looking forward to getting together with my wizards family,” he captioned the picture.
The series will kick off following a mysterious incident at WizTech. After Justin chose to leave his wizard powers behind in favor of living normal, human life with his wife and two sons, a powerful young wizard seeks him out for training. Justin will then be forced to embrace his past as a wizard in an attempt to save Wizard World.
In May 2024, the Disney Channel and Disney Plus took to Instagram to share the first official photos of the cast on set. “Don’t forget your wands #WizardsBeyond,” the post was captioned.
In addition to photos of the cast dressed as their characters on set, text on the snapshots instructed fans to “swipe for a magical reveal.” The second photo said that “everything is not what it seems in…,” and the third slide revealed the upcoming series was titled Wizards Beyond Waverly Place.
A premiere date for the Wizards of Waverly Place sequel has not yet been revealed. It’s also not clear which of Disney’s platforms the show will air on.
David took to Instagram to share the exciting news on January 18, 2024. “The Russo’s are excited to become a part of your family, once again, but we’ve grown,” he wrote alongside a photo of the pilot episode’s script. “2024, the year magic comes back!”
Shortly after fans expressed their concerns that other original stars wouldn’t be on the new show, David promised fans that they will see familiar faces in the sequel. “We definitely plan on bringing back the original cast for the series order,” he wrote in the comments section of the original post.
Meanwhile, Selena took to her Instagram Stories to tease her latest project. “So excited,” she wrote alongside a screenshot of an article revealing the news.
She followed up the announcement by sharing a throwback photo of her and David on set of the original show. “We’re back,” the “Rare” singer wrote.
Conversation
All comments are subject to our Community Guidelines. Life & Style does not endorse
						the opinions and views shared by our readers in our comment sections. Our comments section is a place
						where readers can engage in healthy, productive, lively, and respectful discussions. Offensive language,
						hate speech, personal attacks, and/or defamatory statements are not permitted. Advertising or spam is
						also prohibited.
					
Life & Style has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.
Life & Style is part of the a360media Entertainment Group.Copyright © a360media 2025. All Rights Reserved
By clicking Sign In, you agree to our Terms and Conditions and that you have read our Privacy Policy.
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include:
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include: