Getty Images
It’s finally time for Taylor Swift to go pick out a white dress. A source confirms that boyfriend Travis Kelce has “met with a high-end jeweler several times” in recent months — and the “I do’s” will happen sooner rather than later.
“Taylor has her heart set on a summer wedding,” adds an insider. “She’s already narrowed down her picks for her bridal gown and two other designer dresses she wants to wear.”
She and the NFL star, both 34, “have agreed on a lavish outdoor ceremony and celebration at her place in Rhode Island,” reveals the insider. “They want to be surrounded by family and close friends.”
Among those making the cut: Ryan Reynolds, Ed Sheeran, Bradley Cooper, Gigi Hadid, Emma Stone, Sophie Turner, Patrick and Brittany Mahomes, and of course, Taylor’s besties, Blake Lively and Selena Gomez. “There’s talk of banning phones,” spills the insider, “and having everyone sign NDAs to keep the day as private as possible.”
Though she and the Kansas City Chiefs tight end only got together last summer, Taylor’s fantasized about this moment for a long time. “It’ll be her ultimate dream wedding,” notes the insider of the billionaire. “They’ll definitely spare no expense.”
However, other money matters will need to be handled first. “Taylor’s mom, Andrea, wants to make sure they have an ironclad prenup,” says the insider. “But what Travis is most worried about is his vows!” Award-winning lyricist Taylor will write vows that are “spot on” predicts the insider, “So Travis is under a lot of pressure to make his super special.”
Conversation
All comments are subject to our Community Guidelines. Life & Style does not endorse
						the opinions and views shared by our readers in our comment sections. Our comments section is a place
						where readers can engage in healthy, productive, lively, and respectful discussions. Offensive language,
						hate speech, personal attacks, and/or defamatory statements are not permitted. Advertising or spam is
						also prohibited.
					
Life & Style has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.
Life & Style is part of the a360media Entertainment Group.Copyright © a360media 2025. All Rights Reserved
By clicking Sign In, you agree to our Terms and Conditions and that you have read our Privacy Policy.
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include:
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include: