Zendaya, Jennifer Lopez, and Sydney Sweeney are on board with the pink-white color combo, too.


When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

This summer’s nail trends haven't failed to keep us guessing. We’ve decided to take inspiration from foods galore: Butter yellow is popping up left, right, and sideways; Hailey Bieber's farmers market nails brought teeny tiny product to her fingertips; and backyard garden veggies inspired Kylie Jenner’s latest manicure. Jump over to the other end of the spectrum, and you’ll find what’s perhaps the sleekest, most sophisticated nail moment of all time. The bubble bath nail trend—defined by a pink-white-cloudy color combination you’d find overflowing from a porcelain tub—has been experiencing a second life this summer, making its way to Selena Gomez, Jennifer Lopez, and Kaia Gerber’s nails.
“The bubble bath manicure is the answer to the question, How would a ‘clean girl’ do her nails in 2024?” celebrity nail artist Rita Remark tells me. Despite the trend’s current surge (there are over 56 million posts for #bubblebathnails on TikTok), the color combination has been around for decades.
A post shared by Jennifer Lopez (@jlo)
A photo posted by on 
In fact, it has pretty strong roots in the royal family, with Meghan Markle and Princess Kate often wearing the milky tone. “When the late Queen Elizabeth was alive, she preferred a light pink nail polish and, following the example she set, Kate and Meghan both trended towards a light pink nail polish during her life,” explains Marie Claire senior celebrity and royals editor Rachel Burchfield. “A tried and true royal favorite is the pinky white nail, which looks elegant while not being the focal point.”
This week alone, both royals stepped out with different takes on the bubble bath nail trend. The Princess of Wales has shown an affinity for OPI’s Bubble Bath, which she appeared to be wearing at the Wimbledon finals. Meanwhile, for her ESPY Awards manicure, Meghan Markle appeared to re-wear CND’s Unmasked with two coats of Negligee layered on top—just like on her wedding day in 2018.
Kate Middleton and Meghan Markle co-signed the bubble bath nail trend this month. On left, Kate is pictured at Wimbledon. On the left, Markle attends the ESPYs. 
A bubble bath-esque manicure doesn’t just get a royal family stamp of approval. “It's a natural look that works well with any style, occasion, age and skin tone, so bubble bath nails are a favorite look for fashion campaigns and runways,” celebrity nail artist Jin Soon Choi, a regular backstage during fashion week, says. The color popped up plenty these past two seasons, appearing at Christian Dior, Off-White, and The Blonds.
Bubble bath nails made an appearance at the 2024 Christian Dior fashion show (left), as well as at the 2023 Off-White and The Blonds fashion shows (center and right). 
For once, taking a nail trend from the runway to real life is actually quite easy. With roots in the quiet luxury movement and a nod to rich girl nails, bubble bath nails are chic, subtle, and clean.
“Bubble bath nails use a touch of sheer pink or sheer milk nail polish with a glossy finish that makes your nails clean and well-groomed,” says Choi. The key to a bubble bath look is its semi-sheer texture. “It has to be pigmented enough to give slight cloudy coverage but sheer enough to still see the whites of your nails. The key is not to use any more than two coats of polish and, of course, a high shine topcoat,” Remark adds.
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.
While Remark recommends a polish that carries “a hint of pink and a drop of white,” the category is versatile. There’s no shortage of pink nail polishes, so pick one that works with your undertone. “A cooler pink with blue undertones is great if you’re fair, and a warmer pink with red or peachy undertones if you have warm or olive-toned skin,” she adds.
You can find one single shade to effectively achieve the look, or take a cue from Markle and create your own shade. “To customize this look, choose the polish that best complements your skin tone and apply thin layers or use two different sheers to achieve the nail color that flatters your skin tone,” Jin says. My personal favorite combo is CND Unlocked, followed by a coat of Studio White.
Ahead, shop more expert-vetted shades for squeaky clean bubble bath nails.
Samantha Holender is the Senior Beauty Editor at Marie Claire, where she reports on the best new launches, dives into the science behind skincare, and shares the breakdown on the latest and greatest trends in the beauty space. She's studied up on every ingredient you'll find on INCI list and is constantly in search of the world's glowiest makeup products. She's constantly tracking the biggest nail and hair trends to pop up in the beauty space, going backstage during fashion weeks, tracking celebrity looks, and constantly talking to celebrity hair stylists, nail artists, and makeup artists. Prior to joining the team, she worked as Us Weekly’s Beauty and Style Editor, where she stayed on the pulse of pop culture and broke down celebrity beauty routines, hair transformations, and red carpet looks. Her words have also appeared on Popsugar, Makeup.com, Skincare.com, Delish.com, and Philadelphia Wedding. Samantha also serves as a board member for the American Society of Magazine Editors (ASME). She first joined the organization in 2018, when she worked as an editorial intern at Food Network Magazine and Pioneer Woman Magazine. Samantha has a degree in Journalism and Mass Communications from The George Washington University’s School of Media and Public Affairs. While at GWU, she was a founding member of the school’s HerCampus chapter and served as its President for four years. When she’s not deep in the beauty closet or swatching eyeshadows, you can find her obsessing over Real Housewives and all things Bravo. Keep up with her on Instagram @samholender.

The secret to looking like you live in a Soho loft.


If this is her off-duty look, I can only imagine what Monday's event will bring.


Don't sleep on these warm weather staples.


This retro trend has received a high-brow makeover.


These eight products are the secret to her flawless skin.


Tatcha’s newest launches make it easy.


Glinda couldn't wear anything else.


She's been raving about the Japanese beauty brand's skincare and body products for years.


The Duchess of Sussex rarely goes for relaxed waves.


The Spring 2025 season focused on little designs and elegant textures.


Skin-colored polish is just one of the biggest fall manicure trends.


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.