Today's Digital Daily	
			



	
			Today's Digital Daily	
			

The California-based retailer is launching the Rare DNM Edit, a denim collection with 10 percent of sales going to the cause.
Senior Reporter

	PacSun has partnered with Selena Gomez’s Rare Impact Fund, which supports mental health initiatives for youths. The California-based retailer, focused on kids and adolescents, is launching the Rare Dnm Edit, a denim collection with 10 percent of sales going to the cause.

	“The Rare Dnm Edit is about more than just style, it is about purpose,” Richard Cox, chief merchandising officer at PacSun, told WWD in a statement. “This collection takes the spirit of self-expression that denim represents, while allowing our community to contribute directly to youth mental health resources through the Rare Impact Fund.”

	The line made its debut at Rare Beauty’s second annual Rare Impact Fund Benefit — held on Oct. 24 at Nya Studios in Los Angeles — where guests were gifted pieces. The selection, out Friday, incudes women’s and men’s styles, featuring jeans in baggy fits, a variety of washes and adorned with embellishments. For women’s, the collection offers low-rise and high-rise jeans, a denim skirt and jacket, while men’s has brown, black, blue and gray jean options and denim jackets. Pieces are available in select PacSun Stores and online for between $80 and $95.

	










			You May Also Like		







	
			Related Articles	
	













	Color Cosmetics
	



	
			Patrick Ta Beauty to Unveil First Beauty Pop-up This Weekend in West Hollywood	
			













	Fashion Scoops
	



	
			Selena Gomez Does Businesswear With '70s Flair for Rare Beauty's 4th Mental Health Summit	
			








	“I’m beyond proud of the work that we’re doing with our community,” Gomez told WWD at the benefit. “I don’t think it’s about seeing people who physically give money. It’s more about the people who are getting the impact. And I just feel like helping someone is the best gift you can give anyone. I’m just eager and proud, and I don’t even think we’ve started. So, I feel like we’re just beginning, and we’re going to continue to do everything we can to reach our goal and help as many people as we can.”

	More than $2 million was collected at the event for the Rare Impact Fund, bringing a total of more than $18 million to date. With 1 percent of all Rare Beauty sales going to the fund, the initiative supports 26 mental health organizations in five continents, reaching an annual average of 1 million young people. 
Sign up for WWD news straight to your inbox every day
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
WWD and Women's Wear Daily are part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All Rights Reserved.