By EVE BUCKLAND and LILLIAN GISSEN FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  17:57, 29 March 2024   |  Updated:  18:34, 29 March 2024   
 207
View  comments
Hailey Bieber has reignited feud rumors with Selena Gomez in a bizarre fashion after she posted a snap of Beyonce's Jolene cover from album, Cowboy Carter.
Selena, 31, and Hailey, 27, have been rumored to be in a spat for years, after the two seemingly started shading each other on social media - amid Hailey's union with Selena's famous ex, Justin Bieber, 30.
Now fans are speculating Hailey has shaded Selena after she posted a snap of the Beyonce track on Instagram on Friday, captioned: 'Whew'.
The Dolly Parton track is about a woman flirting with a married man, with fans quipping to Hailey: 'He's yours baby, keep him!' 
One fan wrote: 'hailey bieber’s obsession with selena gomez needs to be studied…' while another typed: 'It’s not even just Selena at this point' and a third wrote: 'She is this way just because doesnt [sic] have confidence with herself The karma for hailey will bite harder.'
Hailey Bieber has reignited feud rumors with Selena Gomez in a bizarre fashion after she posted a snap of Beyonce's Jolene cover from album, Cowboy Carter' The women are seen in 2022
Now fans are speculating Hailey has shaded Selena after she posted a snap of the Beyonce track on Instagram on Friday, captioned: 'Whew'
Others came out in support of Hailey writing: 'So Hailey can’t listen to a song' and 'thinking everything Hailey does is Selena shade is truly incredible.' 
Back in September Gomez spoken out about her so-called 'feud' with Bieber, revealing that the model 'reached out to her' after getting 'death threats' - as she urged her fans to stop with the 'hate and bullying.'
Thee Bad Liar songstress has addressed the speculation once and for all in a post shared to her Instagram Stories - and she begged her followers to halt all the negative comments against Hailey since she said she's an 'advocate for kindness.'
'Hailey Bieber reached out to me and let me know that she has been receiving death threats and such hateful negativity,' she wrote.
'This isn't what I stand for. No one should have to experience hate or bullying. I've always advocated for kindness and really want this all to stop.' 
For years, the internet has pit the former Disney star and the model - who is married to Selena's ex-boyfriend, Justin Bieber - against one other.
But in October 2022, they proved there was no bad blood between them when they posed for some photos together at an event - and they were even seen hugging it out.
However, in February 2023, rumors that they were fighting started to spread once again after Hailey shared a TikTok video in which some believed she was making fun of Selena.
The Dolly Parton track is about a woman flirting with a married man, with fans quipping to Hailey: 'He's yours baby, keep him!'
Others came out in support of Hailey writing: 'So Hailey can’t listen to a song' and 'thinking everything Hailey does is Selena shade is truly incredible'
Joined by close friends Kendall Jenner and Justine Skye, the ladies lip-synced along to the words: 'I’m not saying she deserves it, but God’s timing is always right.'
The clip was shared right around the time that Selena was receiving a lot of negative attention over a set of unflattering paparazzi photos that were taken of her during a trip to Mexico - and based on the suspicious timing of Hailey's post, many were convinced that she was shading Selena.
The TikTok was swiftly deleted, and Hailey insisted in a comment that the video had nothing to do with her husband's ex.
'I never comment on this type of thing but we were just having a girls' night and did a random TikTok sound for fun,' she wrote. 'It’s not directed at anyone.' 
Selena also got involved at the time, adding in a comment: 'It’s OK. I don’t let these things get me down. Be nice to everyone.'
However, the drama didn't end there. Fans then became convinced that Hailey's pal Kylie Jenner was mocking Selena days later.
In September Selena urged her fans to stop sending Hailey 'hate' and to halt the 'bullying' - as she stated that she's 'always advocated for kindness'
Hailey is married to Selena's ex-boyfriend, Justin Bieber. Selena and Justin are seen left in 2011 and Hailey and Justin are seen right in 2022
In October 2022, they proved there was no bad blood between them when they posed for some photos together at an event (seen) - and they were even seen hugging it out
Shade? However, in February 2023, rumors that they were fighting started to spread once again after Hailey shared a TikTok video in which some believed she was making fun of Selena
The actress had shared a post to TikTok admitting that she had 'accidentally laminated' her brows too much.
Taking to Instagram, Kylie posted a snap in a very similar pose along with the accompanying caption: 'This was an accident?' 
The reality star appeared to add even more fuel to the fire by sharing a screenshot from a recent FaceTime call with Hailey right after - during which they both zoomed in on their eyebrows.
However, Kylie denied that she was bashing Selena in a comment, stating, 'This is reaching.
'No shade towards Selena ever and I didn’t see her eyebrow posts. You guys are making something out of nothing. This is silly.'
'Agreed @kyliejenner,' Selena responded. 'It's all unnecessary. I'm a fan of Kylie.'
Even so, the hashtag #TeamSelena started to trend online, and the uproar resulted in Kylie reportedly losing half a million social media followers, while Hailey's following went down by close to a million in total.
On the other hand, the Only Murders in the Building star saw her following increased by 10 million as a result of the online trolling accusations aimed at the pair. 
Later that month, Selena stirred up the pot once again when she started to comment on some TikTok videos about Hailey, as well as some about her ex Justin.
On a TikTok containing old footage of Hailey seemingly sticking her tongue out in disgust when a Taylor Swift song played, Selena wrote, 'So sorry, my best friend is and continues to be one of the best in the game.'
Fans were convinced that Hailey's pal Kylie Jenner was also mocking Selena when she shared a snap that was similar to one Selena had posted about accidentally laminating her brows
Kylie appeared to add even more fuel to the fire by sharing a screenshot from a recent FaceTime call with Hailey right after - during which they both zoomed in on their eyebrows 
However, Kylie denied that she was bashing Selena in a comment, stating, 'This is reaching.' Selena responded: 'Agreed @kyliejenner. It's all unnecessary. I'm a fan of Kylie'
In late February 2023, Selena started to comment on some TikTok videos about Hailey, including one of her sticking her tongue out in disgust when a Taylor Swift song played
She also commented 'I love you' on a video a fan posted, in which she voiced her support for the singer amid all the bullying she had received from 'mean girls and nepo babies.'
Selena (seen with Taylor) wrote, 'So sorry, my best friend is and continues to be one of the best in the game' 
Afterwards, she went live on TikTok and revealed she was taking a break from the platform.
'I'm very happy, I'm so blessed, I have the best friends, the best fans in the whole world, and I just couldn't be happier,' she said at the time.
'And I'm good. I love the way I am. I don't care. I'm gonna be taking a second from social media, because this is a little silly. 
'And I'm 30, I'm too old for this, so. But I love you guys so much. And I will see you guys sooner than later, I just... I'm just gonna just take a break from everything.'
She deactivated her account but brought it back hours later. Now, it seems as though Selena is ready to put it behind her once and for all. 
October 17, 2022: The ladies pose together at an event, seemingly proving theirs no bad blood between them
February 9, 2023: Hailey shared a TikTok video in which some believed she was making fun of Selena.
Joined by close friends Kendall Jenner and Justine Skye, the ladies lip-synced along to the words: 'I’m not saying she deserves it, but God’s timing is always right.'
The clip was shared right around the time that Selena was receiving a lot of negative attention over a set of unflattering paparazzi photos that were taken of her during a trip to Mexico. Both women denied the drama in TikTok comments.
February 22, 2023: Fans became convinced that Kylie Jenner was mocking Selena.
The actress had shared a post to TikTok admitting that she had 'accidentally laminated' her brows too much.
Taking to Instagram, Kylie posted a snap in a very similar pose and the accompanying caption: 'This was an accident?' 
The reality star appeared to add even more fuel to the fire by sharing a screenshot from a recent FaceTime call with Hailey right after - during which they both zoomed in on their eyebrows.
However, Kylie denied that she was bashing Selena in a comment, stating, 'This is reaching. No shade towards Selena ever and I didn’t see her eyebrow posts. You guys are making something out of nothing. This is silly.'
February 23, 2023: Selena stirred up the pot once again when she started to comment on some TikTok videos about Hailey, as well as some about her ex Justin.
On a TikTok containing old footage of Hailey seemingly sticking her tongue out in disgust when a Taylor Swift song played, Selena wrote, 'So sorry, my best friend is and continues to be one of the best in the game.'
She also commented 'I love you' on a video a fan posted, in which she voiced her support for the singer amid all the bullying she had received from 'mean girls and nepo babies.'
She then announced she was deleted TikTok but reactivated it a few hours later.
March 24, 2023: Selena spoke out about her so-called 'feud' with Hailey on her Instagram Stories, revealing that the model 'reached out to her' after getting 'death threats' and her fans to stop with the 'hate and bullying.'
'Hailey Bieber reached out to me and let me know that she has been receiving death threats and such hateful negativity,' she wrote. 
'This isn't what I stand for. No one should have to experience hate or bullying. I've always advocated for kindness and really want this all to stop.' 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group