By Nellie Andreeva 
Co-Editor-in-Chief, TV

EXCLUSIVE: Raven-Symoné is extending her relationship with Disney, which she has called home for many years, with a new multi-year overall deal at Disney Branded Television. Under the pact, she will produce, direct, and develop projects across linear and streaming, with a focus on multi-cam comedies. 

	First off, she will executive produce and direct sitcom Alice in the Palace, which has received a pilot order. It is an Alice-centered spinoff from Raven-Symoné’s Disney Channel multi-camera comedy series Raven’s Home, which will not return for a seventh season. Its most recent Season 6 concluded its run in September 2023. 

	










	The deal with Raven-Symoné, which also includes continued acting and hosting opportunities, and the order for Alice in the Palace fits into Disney Branded Television’s strategy of building a new Disney Channel lineup of multi-camera sitcoms. In doing that, the company’s executive team has been leaning into classic Disney Channel IP. The Raven’s Home spinoff follows the pilot order for a Wizards Of Waverly Place followup, executive produced by Selena Gomez, which went to series titled Wizards Beyond Waverly Place.


			Watch on Deadline		






Alice in the Palace picks up when Alice (Mykal-Michelle Harris), Raven’s young cousin, returns to England and reunites with Duchess Clementine (also portrayed by Harris), a young royal who looks exactly like her. In the process, Clementine gets a taste of the fun side of “normal” life, while Alice gets a taste of the finer side of “regal” life. 

Raven’s Home developers Jed Elinoff and Scott Thomas will write the pilot and executive produce.

	“Raven is a true trailblazer who constantly pushes creative boundaries in acting, producing, and directing,” said Ayo Davis, president, Disney Branded Television. “For six incredible seasons, Raven’s Home has been a cornerstone series for Disney Channel, bringing joy, laughter, and tackling real-life issues in a relatable and meaningful way for kids and families. We are delighted to continue our close relationship with Raven for many years to come, starting with new spin-off Alice in the Palace.“

Raven’s Home, a spinoff from Raven-Symoné’s teen sitcom That’s So Raven, earned five Children’s and Family Emmy nominations during its run. Raven-Symoné’s credits also include Disney Channel original movies The Cheetah Girls and Cheetah Girls 2, which she starred in and executive produced. On Broadway, she appeared in Sister Act, and she also starred in feature films A Girl Like Grace, College Road Trip, The Princess Diaries 2: Royal Engagement, Dr. Dolittle and Dr. Dolittle 2. In addition to her work as star, executive producer and director on Raven’s Home, she’s directed episodes of Disney Channel series Sydney to the Max and Pretty Freekin Scary.     

	










	“Disney Channel has been the canvas for my creative expressions since I was 15 years old,” added Raven-Symoné. “After years of telling stories filled with heart, laughter, and togetherness, I’m excited to embark on the next chapter of this creative journey alongside my Disney family.”  

	Raven-Symoné has been honored by the NAACP Image Awards, Daytime Emmy Awards, Gracie Allen Awards, NAMIC Vision Awards, Teen Choice Awards, BET Comedy Awards, Kids’ Choice Awards and Black Reel Awards. She is repped by Verve and The Pacella Law Group. 
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.