Jennifer Aniston was among the many A-listers at last night's Critics' Choice Awards at The Barker Hangar in Santa Monica last night and her latest red carpet look did not disappoint. The Morning Show star looked incredible as she stepped out wearing an all-black look and showed off her newly transformed hair that felt as if she was revisiting her Rachel Green roots.
The Friends star, 54, stepped onto the red carpet wearing a black Dolce and Gabbana bodysuit covered in feathers with a sweetheart neckline. She teamed the Gothic ballerina-inspired piece with a pair of black cigarette pants. She added a dramatic touch to the figure-hugging look – a piece of black satin fabric that tied around her waist to cinch in her look and fell as a train that trailed beside her.
The Murder Mystery actress added a pair of black pointed-toe stilettos and kept accessories to a minimum. A bronzed Jennifer wore a breathtaking diamond ring and a pair of diamond drop earrings that could just be seen through her hair which she wore in loose waves. Jennifer has recently cut off the lengths of her sandy hair and was seen embracing a shorter style akin to the look that set the world on fire in the 90s and has remained an iconic hairstyle. 
The Just Go With It star wore a gorgeous glam makeup look. She was seen sporting a matte complexion with a natural makeup look and the most sensational pair of false eyelashes that added depth and a romantic touch to the look. A deep manicure rounded the outfit off elegantly. The Dumplin' star was seen cosying up to her The Morning Show co-star Reese Witherspoon, 47, who took to the red carpet with her lookalike daughter, Ava Philippe, 24.
Reese looked so stunning in a black Celine gown in a satin figure-hugging gown that grazed the floor. The piece was adorned with an asymmetrical oversized bow and had a thigh-split and a rhinestone-adorned bodice. Her daughter opted for a timeless LBD with floral adornments with pearl detailing. She added a pair of sheer black stockings and black stilettos to match her mother's aesthetic. 
Jennifer has been upping her game as we have entered the New Year just when we thought she couldn't get more stylish. The Office Christmas Party star was seen with Reese, who also played her sister in Friends, once again in a totally different look. Jennifer rocked an outfit that blended smart and casual to perfection. She styled a red floral midi skirt with a black halterneck slim-fit top and a chic cropped black blazer with several buttons down the front. She rounded the look off with a pair of knee-high leather boots. Reese went for a more summery aesthetic when she chose a white strapless midi dress with an Audrey Hepburn-esque fit and flare silhouette. 
Jennifer upped the ante when she took to her first red carpet of the year last week. At the Golden Globes, she once again opted for a classic all-black ensemble, stunning in a strapless hourglass gown with scalloped beading on the skirt and a sweetheart neckline. She wore a deeper eyeshadow in a cooler tone to the look to the one she rocked to the Critics' Choice awards and wore her hair in a modern take on a Rachel Green blowout. The Mother's Day star was seen catching up with Selena Gomez who wore a stunning dipped-hem satin red gown with black rose adornments.
DISCOVER:  11 best-dressed stars at the 2024 AFI Awards Luncheon: Natalie Portman, Jennifer Aniston, Selena Gomez, more incredible red carpet looks
By entering your details, you are agreeing to HELLO! Magazine User Data Protection Policy. You can unsubscribe at any time. For more information please click here.