By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Western boots might be all the rage lately, but they have always been more than a trend for buzzy Italian brand Paris Texas.
A key part of the label’s dual DNA and its unapologetic aesthetic juxtaposing a glam evening side with a more everyday approach, the Paris Texas cowboy style has been once again tweaked in a new feminine and sleek version in the brand’s latest capsule collection, which was developed with British artist, photographer and filmmaker Nadia Lee Cohen.
After cementing its authority in cowboy boots by placing a cream-colored leather design on Beyoncé for her “Country Carter” album cover, Paris Texas is partnering with Lee Cohen, longtime friend of the house, on a compact range that includes also a seductive mule.

 








Related Stories Florence Pugh Hits ‘Good Morning America’ in Paris Texas Silver Metallic Slingback Pumps Gabrielle Union and Zaya Wade Do Mother/Daughter Boots at Beyonce’s ‘Cowboy Carter’ Tour 
“Nadia embodies the Paris Texas woman and her involvement from reinterpreting styles to shaping the collection encapsulates the essence of our brand,” said Annamaria Brivio, creative director of Paris Texas, which she cofounded with Massimo Baltimora in 2015.




			Watch on FN		





In particular, the cowboy boot in the collection comes with an elongated silhouette, extra pointy toe and sculptural heel, while the mid-height mule oozes ‘90s vibes and plays with textures ranging from smooth leather to printed python effects. Both crafted in leather in Italy, the designs are offered in a color palette ranging from white and black to popping red and chic tobacco hue.
Wrapped in a special black packaging, the collection dropped on Tuesday on the brand’s e-commerce as well as on Net-a-porter, Mytheresa and Ssense with prices ranging from $895 for the mules to $1,295 for the boots.
The retail launch followed an intimate dinner the brand and Lee Cohen hosted on Monday at Chateau Marmont in Los Angeles to celebrate the collaboration. The event added to a special campaign developed to mark the tie-up and centered on Lee Cohen’s seductive self-portraits in L.A. 
The images follow in the footsteps of the talent’s previous collaboration with Paris Texas as face of its pre-fall 2023 collection last year and as first personality of its “Through Her Lens” editorial series featuring women on their journey around the world.

 









Currently based in L.A., Lee Cohen has collaborated with many celebrities and brands, ranging from Beyoncé and Lana Del Rey to Saint Laurent, Valentino and Gucci. Her work has been featured in music videos, commercials, magazines and social media, which add to her two books “Women” and “Hello, My Name Is” featuring her work in portraiture.
As for Paris Texas, the new capsule collection follows ones developed with key retailers. For example, in November it partnered with Net-a-porter on a stiletto-filled collection ahead of the holidays, while in spring 2023 a bold bridal range of exclusively debuted at Browns. 
These lines were launched right after that Brazilian conglomerate Arezzo & Co. — which groups brands such as Arezzo, Schutz and Alexandre Birman — invested 25 million euros to take over 65 percent of the company last year. The brand, which in 2022 generated sales of around 15 million euros, is currently available at 250 leading luxury retailers, which, in addition to the aforementioned stores, include the likes of Bergdorf Goodman, Saks Fifth Avenue, Neiman Marcus, FWRD, Moda Operandi, Galeries Lafayette, Harrods, Level Shoes and LuisaViaRoma.
Brivio began her career as a fashion buyer herself, for a multibrand store in Milan before teaming with business partner Baltimora to create the showroom Baltimora Studio. Together, in 2012 they launched luxury fashion boutique Norrgatan in Monza, just outside of Milan. They launched Paris Texas, homing in on their knowledge of running both these businesses and after finding a gap in the market for fashion-oriented, good-quality designs at competitive price points.

 









After building a strong base in Italy, the brand’s visibility exploded internationally on social media and among influencers and celebrities. Through the years, the Paris Texas highly photogenic shoes have been seen on the feet of Emily Ratajkowski, Selena Gomez, Dua Lipa, Alicia Keys, Ashley Graham, Nicola Peltz Beckham, Chiara Ferragni, Gigi Hadid and the whole Kardashian-Jenner clan, to name a few. In 2019, Brivio was also honored with the Emerging Talent Award at the annual FN Achievement Awards.
By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.