Today's Digital Daily	
			



	
			Today's Digital Daily	
			

Gomez channeled the increasingly popular black-and-white trend.
Senior Trending News Writer

Selena Gomez put an edgy spin on suiting while attending the premiere of “Lola” on Saturday in Los Angeles. Gomez is good friends with Nicola Peltz-Beckham, who directs and stars in the new film.

	Gomez sported a black blazer and cropped trousers with a white satin corset. The singer and actress accessorized her Stella McCartney ensemble with a studded Valentino clutch and nude pumps by Manolo Blahnik. She also added on Jennifer Meyer jewels.

The “Only Murders in the Building” star was assisted by stylist Erin Walsh, who’s also known for dressing Anne Hathaway, Jessica Alba and Elizabeth Banks.

	Marissa Marino styled Gomez’s dark tresses with full fringe, while makeup artist Melissa Murdick gave her a bold red lip and a pop of rosy blush.

	










			You May Also Like		






	Peltz-Beckham, meanwhile, opted for a custom corset suit from her mother-in-law Victoria Beckham’s label. 

	Both stars channeled black-and-white hues, which are poised for popularity this season. Labels including Gucci and Jil Sander sent snowy shades down the runway last year, while stars at the recent Grammys and Golden Globes opted for pared-down palettes.

	At the latter award show in early January, Gomez channeled another major color trend, wearing a bright red frock by Armani Privé. Rouge hues dominated the runway during the fall 2023 season, with labels like Valentino, Carolina Herrera and Emilia Wickstead ushering in a red renaissance.

	In December, Gomez was recognized by WWD’s sister publication, Beauty Inc, which presented her with the Pete Born Impact Award for her makeup brand, Rare Beauty.

	“The most important thing from the beginning of creating this brand was to have a positive impact in the beauty space — to create a brand that would just allow you to embrace who you are, and not necessarily lead people to look a certain way in order to reach ‘perfection,’” Gomez said during the Beauty Inc Awards. “Creating the mental health impact fund through Rare — that, to me, is body, mind and soul.”
Sign up for WWD news straight to your inbox every day
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
WWD and Women's Wear Daily are part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All Rights Reserved.