By SAM JOSEPH SEMON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  06:47, 2 March 2024   |  Updated:  06:49, 2 March 2024   
 119
View  comments
Selena Gomez took to Instagram on Friday to share a sexy mirror selfie.
The Disney Channel alum, 31, went braless in a white tank top as she posed seductively at the end of her bed.
The barefoot beauty — who recently wowed in white at the SAG Awards — also rocked dark blue jeans and a belt for the sultry snap.
Gomez's thick, brunette hair hugged her jawline as she pouted at the camera.
Later in the day, she returned to her IG Story to tease fans with photos from the set of her hit Hulu show Only Murders In The Building.
Selena Gomez took to Instagram on Friday to share a sexy mirror selfie. The Disney Channel alum, 31, went braless in a white tank top as she posed seductively at the end of her bed 
It marked the official start of production on the comedy series' highly-anticipated fourth season.
In one of her shots, the actress sat next to her co-stars, Steve Martin and Martin Short, in foldout chairs in between takes.
The Bad Liar singer also showed off a beautiful bouquet of flowers that she received from Steve and Martin.
The stunning flower arrangement included a brief note that read: 'We're so happy to be back with you.'
Only Murders In The Building debuted on the Hulu streaming service in August of 2021.
The comedy is centered on three residents of a New York City apartment building who start investigating various homicides that happen in their residence.
In addition to starring in the program, Gomez, Martin and Short are listed as executive producers. 
The show's second season premiered in June of 2022, and its third run of episodes aired in August of 2023.
Recurring cast members in the program include Meryl Streep, Da'Vine Joy Randolph, Tina Fey and Jane Lynch.
Only Murders In The Building has also featured numerous guest stars over the length of its run, such as Matthew Broderick, Noma Dumezweni and Sting, among others.
Later in the day, she returned to her IG Story to tease fans with photos from the set of her hit Hulu show Only Murders In The Building 
In one of her shots, the actress sat next to her co-stars, Steve Martin and Martin Short, in foldout chairs in between takes. The Bad Liar singer also showed off a beautiful bouquet of flowers that she received from Steve and Martin 
The comedy is centered on three residents of a New York City apartment building who start investigating various homicides that happen in their residence
In addition to starring in the program, Gomez, Martin and Short are listed as executive producers 
The cast and crew of the program have received numerous awards for their work over the past few years. 
It was revealed that the mystery-comedy program had officially been renewed for a fourth season in October of 2023.
It was subsequently announced that Molly Shannon, Eugene Levy and Eva Longoria had signed on in recurring roles for the new run of episodes. 
Only Murders In The Building's fourth season currently does not have a scheduled premiere date. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group