She didn’t take home a statuette, but she WON with that red carpet look.
Glamour, high fashion, and red-carpet intrigue are par for the course when it comes to the annual Primetime Emmy Awards, but no one was arguably more buzzworthy than Selena Gomez at last night’s 76th iteration of the ceremony. As star of the TV show Only Murders in the Building—which raked in 21 nominations this year—of course the woman had to come dressed to the nines. 
She did so in a custom bejeweled Ralph Lauren gown, for one, but we think her eight whole pieces of Tiffany & Co. jewelry were the main events. Only Murders received no actual Emmys at the end of the night: a bummer, but one made slightly more palatable by virtue of Gomez’s jewelry array being the real winner. 
Gomez paired the brand’s platinum-and-diamond vine drop earrings, a bangle in white gold with pavé diamonds, two Jean Schlumberger by Tiffany rings (one of which was an engagement ring!), three Victoria rings in (once again) platinum and diamond, as well as the Victoria mixed cluster bracelet.
If you’re like us, you are now hyperfixated on that engagement ring bit. Per Page Six, Gomez wore this particular piece on her index finger—further fueling the speculation and confusion regarding her potential engagement to record producer and songwriter Benny Blanco.
Gomez was not by far the only A-Lister to strut down the red carpet in Tiffany’s finest. Jennifer Aniston flaunted a Tiffany & Co. Archives earring and bracelet set; Greta Lee went for a pop of color via tanzanite earrings and a ring; and Quinta Brunson opted for some wrist candy in the form of a white gold watch—veritable showstoppers for those who love putting on a show. 
Stacia Datskovska is the assistant digital editor at ELLE DECOR, where she covers news, trends, and ideas in the world of design. She also writes product reviews (like roundups of the top firepits or sheet sets)—infusing them with authority and wit. As an e-commerce intern at Mashable, Stacia wrote data-driven reviews of everything from e-readers to stationary bikes to robot vacuums. Stacia’s culture and lifestyle bylines have appeared in outlets like USA Today, Boston Globe, Teen Vogue, Food & Wine, and Brooklyn Magazine.
The Most Luxurious Jewelry of the Season
The Auction Jewelry Experts Have Been Waiting For
At This New Exhibit, All That Glitters Is Gold
Boucheron Evokes Iceland in Its Latest Creations
Rolex Goes Platinum with Its Perpetual 1908
A Watch That Takes You from Cockpit to Cocktails
Kelly Wearstler Turned Out to Fete Bvlgari Tubogas
‘Beetlejuice, Beetlejuice’…. Fabergé?
This Bulgari Necklace Has a Stylish Secret
A Watch That’s Like a Birkin for Your Wrist
See a Bracelet Owned by Marie Antoinette 
Cartier Celebrates 50 Years in Japan
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.