By 

	Clayton Davis

Senior Awards Editor

	The 15th annual Governors Awards, hosted by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, celebrated industry legends on Sunday night, most notably music and producing icon Quincy Jones, who died earlier this month at the age of 91.

	The entire crowd was moved to tears when his daughter Rashida Jones, accompanied by three of her siblings, took the stage to speak about their legendary father. Rashida fought through emotions as she read parts of her father’s speech that he had intended to read on the night, and it was followed by an uplifting tribute by Jennifer Hudson, who was accompanied by a 12-member gospel choir. She performed “Maybe God Is Tryin’ to Tell You Something’,” a song from the 1985 film “The Color Purple.”

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					Nintendo Switch 2 Won’t Be Superior Successor — But It Still Matters		
			














	
		
					Global Distributors of Chinese Cinema to Be Recognized at Beijing International Film Festival		
			








	There was no emcee for the celebration, which was surprising after comedian John Mulaney’s showstopping duties last year. Instead, following opening remarks from Academy President Janet Yang, the evening began with actor Colman Domingo taking the stage to energize the crowd. He praised each of the evening’s honorees and managed to pitch himself to Barbara Broccoli and Michael G. Wilson as either the next James Bond or a “Bond villain.” “You decide,” he quipped, while holding up his headshot.




			Popular on Variety		






	Daniel Craig, who portrayed James Bond in six blockbuster films, presented the Thalberg Award to Wilson and Broccoli. Broccoli is the first person to be the child of a previous Thalberg recipient, her father, Albert R. Broccoli, and only the second woman to receive it.

	During the video package that highlighted the producing duo’s career, an exchange between Broccoli and Wilson saw them talking about the next Bond. Wilson spoke about who “he” could be, before Broccoli corrected him and said, “or she,” which made the crowd erupt in cheer. Could our next Bond, in fact, be a woman? 

	It was a star-studded affair that allows nearly all of this year’s awards contenders to rub elbows with voters. On deck were contenders such as actors Andrew Garfield, Angelina Jolie, Saoirse Ronan, Jennifer Lopez, Paul Mescal and Selena Gomez; directors Ridley Scott, Jacques Audiard, Coralie Fargeat and Pedro Almodóvar; and producers such as Jennifer Lawrence and more.

Hugh Grant brought the biggest chuckles of the night with his infamous dry wit and humor as he roasted the Jean Hersholt Award recipient, Richard Curtis, whom he worked with on films such as “Four Weddings and a Funeral” and “Love Actually.”

	










	Curtis returned the joking favor when he took the stage: “Hugh is in this great documentary called ‘Heretic.'”

	Also celebrated was legendary casting director Juliet Taylor, presented by Nicole Kidman, who had to remove her high heels because the podium was too short. The Honorary Award is “to honor extraordinary distinction in lifetime achievement, exceptional contributions to the state of motion picture arts and sciences, or outstanding service to the Academy.” The Jean Hersholt Humanitarian Award, also an Oscar statuette, is given “to an individual in the motion picture arts and sciences whose humanitarian efforts have brought credit to the industry.”
The Business of Entertainment