Selena Gomez announced she was engaged on December 11, posting photos from her proposal from Benny Blanco and a shot of her gorgeous marquise diamond ring. In an interview in Page Six with jewelry designing team Katherine Theofilos Claster and Stephanie Theofilos, it was revealed that Blanco had a hand in the ring’s design and he wanted special symbols of their love in the significant piece of jewelry.
Blanco has worked with the team on other jewelry before and they have a “synergy” that “just works,” according to Katherine.
“We started the project earlier this year. Benny, a wonderful creative himself, had specific inspiration, including the center cut, the marquise,” she continued. “We worked closely with multiple approaches before our final ring. Benny had a very sharp idea of what he ultimately envisioned. We combined it with our Abril Barret sentiment to capture the essence of an heirloom piece with a modern hand.”
The main stone was placed in a cathedral setting with an eternity band. 
The ring also contains a reference to Gomez’s discography. In her 2015 song “Good for You,” she sings, “I’m on my marquise diamonds / I’m a marquise diamond.”
For Blanco, “it was a marquise on day one.”  
“The cut itself is art; its lines, facets, elongated shape and spread allow light to dance through every angle of the stone. It is mesmerizing. Rare and unique, the marquise is the epitome of special—romantic, timeless, antique and modern. This is the ethos of Abril Barret,” said Katherine. “There is an inexplicable energy within every natural stone; it’s vital to ensure that its vibration, wavelength, energetic presence is in perfect harmony with the client’s.” 
She added, “For this project, Benny was immediately drawn to the stone he ultimately chose. Much like love, in a room full of people, you are drawn to your soulmate. This stands true in the power of a diamond...We wanted the ring to have an elegant lightness for a timeless and forever girl.”
On Thursday, Gomez shared a few Instagram Stories that featured her ring again. In one clip, she cuddles with Blanco while they sing a holiday carol.
In another, she holds a martini glass with her left hand.
And the ring looks great in both.
Beyoncé’s Son, Sir, Makes a Sneaky Tour Cameo
See Princess Charlotte’s 10th Birthday Portrait
Blue Ivy Carter Glitters in Gold on Beyoncé’s Tour
Hailey Bieber Steps Out in Archival Gucci
All the Best Photos From Kylie and Timothée’s Date
Shailene and Lucas’s Relationship History
All We Know About Selena and Benny’s Wedding Plans
Selena on Getting Rash After First Kiss With Benny
Michelle Obama on Raising Kids in the White House
A Source Debunks Taylor and Travis Rumors
Why Meghan Has Secret Emails for Archie and Lili
All About Blue Ivy Carter 
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.