by 
	Kristyn Burtt


	When Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce launched their relationship last fall, there were plenty of skeptics in her fanbase, and in her friend circle. Some of her A-list pals were reportedly concerned about the 34-year-old pop star dating the Kansas City Chiefs tight end until he won them over. 

	










	Even though everyone is firmly in Swift and Kelce’s corner now, a Life & Style source admitted that “some of her friends did see red flags” at the start of the romance. “They didn’t trust him, thought he was just some cocky athlete, and warned her to be careful,” the insider noted. “But they’ve been proven wrong. Everyone absolutely loves Travis now.” 













	Related story



	
	
		
					Elizabeth Hurley's Son Damian Drops Clues About Billy Ray Cyrus Romance		
	










	In October 2023, reports surfaced that Selena Gomez was “concerned” about her longtime friend when Swift’s behavior suddenly changed. “Selena thinks Taylor going to games and gallivanting through New York immediately after just meeting Travis is something that is very unlike her,” an insider shared with Page Six. “Historically, Taylor’s always been super private about everything, and now with this [relationship], she’s so open about it that it’s just very odd for Selena.” At the time, Swift was just coming off of her low-key, six-year relationship with Joe Alwyn. 



	Supermodel Gigi Hadid was also reportedly worried that the “Shake It Off” singer was “doing too much, too soon” with Kelce, per Us Weekly. However, Hadid shut down those rumors in the comments of a Perez Hilton Instagram post.  “I’m a couple of days late to this tag. But didn’t the press try this last week with Selena [Gomez]? Let it be… we are all over the moon for our girl. Period,” she wrote. 

	Now, there might have been some hesitation behind closed doors — athletes don’t always have the best reputations when it comes to fidelity in relationships. But her friends have shown up time and again not only to support Swift but to make sure they are showing up for Kelce, too. They are a joint package. As the Life & Style insider summed up, “They always make each other a priority because this is it for them. They’re each other’s real-life happy ending — not a PR stunt.” We love an end-game story!
Before you go, click to see all of Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce’s cutest PDA moments.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
The stories you care about, delivered daily.
SheKnows is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 SheMedia, LLC. All Rights Reserved.