Day four of the brand's Six Days of Gifting event is giving FACE.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

While celebrity beauty brands are everywhere, few match up to Selena Gomez’s Rare Beauty. Not only have Marie Claire editors tested every single Rare Beauty product, but the range has seen cult fame on TikTok and Instagram since it launched in 2019. But it gets better: Rare Beauty is running a major Black Friday and Cyber Monday weekend sale.
The brand is running a Six Days of Gifting Cyber Week sale, with a new deal for you to peruse each day. And today—Sunday, December 1—you can snag up to 50 percent off on face essentials, including concealers, foundations, and powders (which team MC has already reviewed!). 
Oh, and there's more. If you spend $75 or more, you get a free Find Comfort Puffy Makeup Bag with the promo code "MAKEUP24" at checkout. If you spend more than $175, you can snag a free Puffy Traveler Tote in the "Peach" shade with the code "TOTE24."
Keep scrolling to shop the body care line now. I’ve also detailed the rest of Rare’s beauty events, below, so you can prep your cart in advance of them going live.
On Cyber Monday (which falls on December 2), you can get 20 percent off sitewide for a second time—it's another chance to stock up if you missed goodies the first time around. I'm thinking about picking up the brand's best-in-class liquid eyeliner. 
The deals will wrap up on Giving Tuesday (December 3), when Rare is offering its shoppers $20 of their order of $50 or more if they donate $10 to the Rare Impact Fund. Now you can get a little and give a little.
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.
Julia Marzovilla is the Fashion E-Commerce Editor at Marie Claire, where she reviews the latest launches from fashion and beauty brands, finds the best on-sale items around the internet, and interviews experts to find the best products in any category to share with her readers. She also creates shopping guides that span every vertical on the site as an expert in everything from the best laptop bags to the best laser hair removal devices. 
In her near decade of experience, Julia has both written for several top outlets in the E-Commerce space and worked at major fashion labels. Prior to joining the Marie Claire team, she contributed similar shopping stories to sites such as Bustle, InStyle, The Zoe Report, Who What Wear, and worked as the Trending Fashion and News Writer STYLECASTER. You can find her across the internet at @JuliaMarzovilla. In real life, you can find her creating shopping guides for her friends, cooking or baking in her too-small kitchen, or buying tickets for the next time Harry Styles is in town. 
Julia has a Bachelor’s degree in English with a minor in Journalism from Loyola Marymount University in Los Angeles, California. She lives in New York City, her hometown. 

Tina Fey co-created an updated version of an '80s rom-com and got Steve Carell, Colman Domingo, and more to join her.


The late Queen broke protocol when her grandson was unhappy about one aspect of his big day.


The late princess took control when it came to this aspect of her sons' lives.


Shop 11 cult-favorite essentials.


Fill your kit with go-to beauty picks from Sabrina Carpenter, Sofia Richie Grainge, Lila Moss, and more.


For the record, her favorite fragrances are on a rare Cyber Monday sale.


Trust me—this is my job.


She's been raving about the Japanese beauty brand's skincare and body products for years.


Shop our editor-approved picks for Cyber Monday.


This is my Super Bowl.


Stock up on the brand's cult-favorite devices before they sell out.


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.