Da'Vine Joy Randolph has already had a great 2024. The performer won an Oscar on her first nomination — taking home the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for Alexander Payne's "The Holdovers." However, her year just got even better with an Emmy nomination on the cards for her guest role in Hulu's comedy series "Only Murders in the Building." Created by Steve Martin and John Hoffman, the comedy series follows Martin, Martin Short, and Selena Gomez as three occupants of a New York City apartment building who are drawn into solving murders due to their love of true crime. The first season was so popular that two more seasons quickly followed, along with a host of A-list actors joining the cast including Meryl Streep and Paul Rudd.
The show has always featured a host of great guest stars, best of all Randolph. She plays Detective Donna Williams, who is closely involved in each of the murderous mysteries. She appears in one episode in this third season — episode eight, titled "Sitzprobe." Critics agree, she is another standout in season three.
Ben Travers (Indie Wire) explained: "'Only Murders' has always surrounded its core stars with excellent supporting talent, including recurring favorites like Tina Fey, Jackie Hoffman, Da’Vine Joy Randolph, and Jayne Houdyshell (all of whom return, in some capacity, for Season 3)."
Leila Latif (The Guardian) name-checked Randolph in her five-star review of season three, writing that the show possessed "a stellar central trio and an incredible supporting ensemble – featuring Rudd, Tina Fey, Da’Vine Joy Randolph, Ashley Park, Jesse Williams."
Denis Kimathi (TV Fanatic) observed: "Da'Vine Joy Randolph was perfectly cast as Detective Williams because she can command respect and attention with her voice. She is ideally suited to play bosses because even on 'The Idol,' Destiny was quite similar in mannerisms. She can also deliver comedy with great timing, which is needed in a show like 'Only Murders' in the Building and many others."
Randolph's rivals for Best Comedy Guest Actress are Jamie Lee Curtis ("The Bear"), Olivia Colman ("The Bear"), Kaitlin Olson ("Hacks") and two "Saturday Night Live" castmates who returned to host -- Maya Rudolph and Kristen Wiig.
Several actresses have gone on to earn afterglow Emmy nominations the same year they won an Oscar. Jessica Chastain won Best Actress in 2023 for "The Eyes of Tammy Faye." That same year, she was nominated for Best TV Movie/Limited Series Actress at the Emmys for "George & Tammy." Colman won Best Actress in 2019 for "The Favourite" — she then picked up a Best Comedy Supporting Actress bid at the Emmys for "Fleabag." And Laura Dern won Best Supporting Actress in 2020 for "Marriage Story" before snagging a Best Drama Supporting Actress citation at the Emmys for "Big Little Lies." Randolph could follow in the equally illustrious footsteps of these actresses.
Plus, Oscar nominees/winners typically do well in this category of Best Comedy Guest Actress. Taraji P. Henson ("Abbott Elementary"), Laurie Metcalf ("Hacks"), Bette Midler ("The Politician"), Angela Bassett ("A Black Lady Sketch Show"), Emma Thompson ("Saturday Night Live"), Kristin Scott Thomas ("Fleabag"), and Melissa McCarthy ("Saturday Night Live") are all Oscar nominees (or, in the case of Thompson, Oscar winners) who have earned citations in this category in recent years.
Now, this may feel premature but... Randolph feels like a future EGOT winner. She already has the Oscar, while she comes from a theater background and was nominated for a Tony in 2012 for "Ghost: The Musical." You'd expect her to, at some point, win a Tony. Perhaps she could check off an Emmy here...
Make your predictions at Gold Derby now. Download our free and easy app for Apple/iPhone devices or Android (Google Play) to compete against legions of other fans plus our experts and editors for best prediction accuracy scores. See our latest prediction champs. Can you top our esteemed leaderboards next? Always remember to keep your predictions updated because they impact our latest racetrack odds, which terrify Hollywood chiefs and stars. Don’t miss the fun. Speak up and share your huffy opinions in our famous forums where 5,000 showbiz leaders lurk every day to track latest awards buzz. Everybody wants to know: What do you think? Who do you predict and why?
SIGN UP for Gold Derby newsletters and updates
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…
Take a trip back to the Academy Awards ceremonies of the recent past with Gold Derby’s Oscars Playback series. Hosts Joyce Eng and Christopher Rosen recap every Oscar ceremony of the 1990s and 2000s. Joyce and Chris tackle the highs and lows of each show and see how the winners aged. It’s a wonderful night for Oscar, whenever you watch!

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media