We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
Viewers are loving Subservience.
Megan Fox's sci-fi flop Subservience has become a hit on Netflix.
The thriller follows struggling father Nick (Michele Morrone), who purchases an artificially intelligent gynoid called Alice (Fox) to help care for his house and family after his wife is hospitalised.
While initially helpful, Alice's behaviour soon becomes problematic when she gains awareness and turns deadly.
The film received poor reviews from critics upon its digital release in September. It currently has a 50% critics score on Rotten Tomatoes after 30 reviews, with several critics sharing their frustration over the story's "poor development".
Related: Best movie box sets to buy
However, Subservience appears to have a fanbase on Netflix, with the thriller becoming the most watched film on the US streaming service, following its release last week. Meanwhile, it is third in the UK charts.
Many viewers have taken to X (formerly Twitter) to praise Fox's performance in the film, with one writing: "Watched Subservience with Megan Fox, she's literally perfect for the part."
"I have to give Megan Fox her 10s! Subservience on Netflix is a must watch," another added, while a third said: "Megan Fox is PERFECT as an AI robot. She needs to become a horror movie regular."
A fourth viewer echoed the sentiment: "Just finished watching Subservience, not a bad movie! I genuinely think this could be our future."
Related: Selena Gomez responds to criticism of Netflix role
Directed by Till Death's SK Dale from a script by Will Honley and April Maguire, Subservience also stars Madeline Zima, Matilda Firth, Jude Allen Greenstein and Andrew Whipp.
Speaking to Screen Rant, Dale previously explained how the film opened his eyes to the reality of AI, and shared how Fox approached her challenging role.
"I think one thing we do that I hadn't really seen done a whole lot was explore the intimate aspect between a relationship with what AI could potentially do and could it be harmful," he said.
"[Fox's] performance was kind of the most vital to make everything work... Once she came on board, she really spoke about this idea of her movement being like a ballerina, slow but precise."
Subservience is available to stream on Netflix.
Sara is an entertainment journalist who specialises in TV and film. After studying journalism at the University of Roehampton, Sara joined Digital Spy in 2023, writing news (and the occasional feature) on all things entertainment. She has also written for the culture desk at The Evening Standard. A lover of all things TV and film, Sara can wax lyrical about everything from Bridgerton to The Witcher. She can also recite entire episodes of New Girl, Brooklyn Nine-Nine and Parks and Recreation. In her spare time, Sara loves to knit, crochet and cross-stitch. Also a musical theatre aficionado, Sara counts Samantha Barks as one of her heroes and is a loyal fan of Jodie Comer.

Critically-acclaimed documentary to leave Netflix
Is Walker dead at the end of Havoc?
Best movies on Netflix to watch now
Divisive Netflix hit storms trending chart
Is Netflix's new star-studded show worth watching?
Netflix renews "non-stop fun" comedy series
Netflix’s "bittersweet" drama racks up huge views
Heartstopper boss teases "emotional send-off"
Annihilation lands new UK streaming home
Tom Hardy clears up Pride & Prejudice rumour
Sex Education star lands major movie role
Meghann Fahy's Netflix drama confirms release date
DIGITAL SPY, PART OF THE HEARST UK ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK
We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England. All Rights Reserved.