By
			
			Evolve Editors		

Selena Gomez is not holding back from sharing her festive season plans with Benny Blanco. The actor recently attended The Hollywood Reporter’s Annual Women in Entertainment Gala, where she was honored with the Equity in Entertainment Award. Besides gracing the red carpet in her stunning black and white outfit, Gomez also shared why won’t be cooking Christmas dinner with her boyfriend. 
While talking to E! News at The Hollywood Reporter’s Annual Women in Entertainment Gala, Selena Gomez confessed that it’s “intimidating” to cook with Benny Blanco. After being asked about her Christmas dinner plans, the 32-year-old said, “I will not be cooking anything because I have a very good cook in my house who’s my boyfriend.” Gomez then said, “It’s intimidating cooking with him for sure. So I let him do all that.” 
Gomez also got candid about her holiday plans during a red carpet interview with Extra at the event. The Rare Beauty founder said she will be celebrating Christmas with her family and her boyfriend. Gomez added, “We’re just going to veg out, eat, do nothing.” The star also mentioned that between her and Blanco, the latter does all the cooking. Gomez continued to reference her show “Selena + Chef” and said, “I’ve deceived people into thinking I could cook.” She confessed that she could cook certain things well but not everything.
Earlier, Gomez also celebrated this year’s Thanksgiving with Blanco. The “Wizards of Waverly Place” actor shared a glimpse inside their cozy dinner via her Instagram Stories. Gomez posted a sweet photo of Blanco lovingly hugging her from behind as they enjoyed the Thanksgiving meal. The couple continue to display their affection for each other and have remained strong since making their relationship public in December 2023. Now, Gomez and Blanco are looking forward to celebrating the festive season together. 
Originally reported by Shriya Swami on Mandatory.
Evolve Media is a publisher of leading enthusiast destinations.
Share article