Selena Gomez revealed that she cannot carry children.
The actress and singer, 32, said in an interview with Vanity Fair published Monday that her “medical issues” have prevented her from having a safe pregnancy.
“I haven’t ever said this, but I unfortunately can’t carry my own children,” Gomez shared.
“I have a lot of medical issues that would put my life and the baby’s in jeopardy,” she explained. “That was something I had to grieve for a while.”
The “Only Murders in the Building” star was diagnosed with lupus in 2013. She got a kidney transplant in 2017 from her friend and fellow actress Francia Raisa. 
Gomez was also diagnosed with bipolar disorder in 2018.
Speaking about being open to alternative ways to become a mom, Gomez told Vanity Fair, “It’s not necessarily the way I envisioned it. I thought it would happen the way it happens for everyone. [But] I’m in a much better place with that.
“I find it a blessing that there are wonderful people willing to do surrogacy or adoption, which are both huge possibilities for me,” she continued. “It made me really thankful for the other outlets for people who are dying to be moms. I’m one of those people. I’m excited for what that journey will look like, but it’ll look a little different. At the end of the day, I don’t care. It’ll be mine. It’ll be my baby.”
The “Emilia Perez” star also noted that she’s not pressuring her boyfriend, music producer Benny Blanco, to have kids yet.
“We always make sure we’re protecting what we have, but there’s no rules,” she said. “I want him to always be himself. I always want to be myself.”
Earlier this year, Gomez told Time magazine that she decided she would adopt at 35 if she stayed single.
“I was alone for five years, and I got really used to it,” she said. “A lot of people are afraid of being alone and I probably tortured myself in my head for like two years being alone, and then I kind of accepted it. Then I came up with my plan, which was I was going to adopt at 35 if I had not met anyone.”
In 2022, Gomez acknowledged in an interview with Rolling Stone that she probably wouldn’t be able to carry her own children because of what her body’s been through.
“That’s a very big, big, present thing in my life,” she said, adding, “however I’m meant to have them I will.”
Advertisement