by 
	Giovana Gelhoren

Entertainment Writer

	As the girlfriend to Kansas City Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce, Taylor Swift was somewhat thrust into the NFL world in what seemed like overnight. And while Swift looks like a natural in the VIP booth, and has broken the internet a few times with how emphatically she cheers for Kelce, we can only imagine the pressure the singer must have felt. 

	










	With that said, however, there’s one person who has cheered right by her side and seemingly helped her get her footing as a so-called “NFL WAG:” Brittany Mahomes. As the wife of Chiefs’ quarterback Patrick Mahomes, Brittany not only attends every game with Swift but has blossomed a sweet friendship with the “Cruel Summer” singer. 













	Related story



	
	
		
					Jon Bon Jovi Is Celebrating His Anniversary With Dorothea Hurley With This Quintessential ‘80s Photo		
	










	And, most recently, Brittany shared some new pictures with Swift on Instagram that prove the two are really becoming the best of friends. In the first two pictures (which you can see HERE!), which were taken following the Chiefs’ win in the AFC Championship on Sunday, Jan. 28, Swift and Mahomes are sporting matching “Conference Champions” hats while hugging and looking at the camera. 



	In the third picture, Swift and Mahomes are seen with fellow WAG Lyndsay Bell (wife to player Blake Bell) as they smile and show off her growing baby bump. 

	“LVIII,” Brittany wrote in the caption, referencing the Chiefs earning a spot at the 2024 Super Bowl on Feb. 11. 

	In the comments, fans of the mom of two are celebrating their newfound friendship. “And one day you wake up and your bestie is Taylor Swift ❤️,” wrote one follower. “Love this so much!” “Chiefs Kingdom is ruled by some fabulous Queens!!!!” wrote another. 

	As a reminder, prior to the championship win, Brittany and Swift had already spent some major quality time together, both during games and outside of them. In November, for example, Brittany joined a girls’ night out with Swift and her bestie Selena Gomez. A month later, on New Year’s Eve, the two celebrated the new year at a party together with their significant others. Looks like this friendship is going the long haul!


Before you go, click here to see more famous football families we love.

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
The stories you care about, delivered daily.
SheKnows is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 SheMedia, LLC. All Rights Reserved.