ABRAMS
Abrams gets a read on the season with Here Is a Book by Elisha Cooper, a look at how many elements and people contribute to making this beautiful object; Bearsuit Turtle Makes a Friend by Bob Shea, in which a turtle in a bear suit must prove himself as a “for-real” bear to a skeptical fellow turtle; Fish Fry Friday by Winsome Bingham, illus. by C.G. Esperanza, following a child who joins her grandmother in catching and cooking to prepare for the family’s fish fry; Just One Wave by Travis Jonker, celebrating summertime, curiosity, and outdoor play; and The Music Inside Us: Yo-Yo Ma and His Gifts to the World by James Howe, illus. by Jack Wong, a picture book biography of renowned cellist Yo-Yo Ma and his lifelong passion for using music to unite people in harmony and joy.  
ABRAMS/AMULET
Amulet tracks the tides for Sea Change by Susan Fletcher, a speculative YA novel loosely based on “The Little Mermaid”; Summer of the Bone Horses by Virginia Driving Hawk Sneve, illus. by Steph Littlebird, about a Lakota child who spends a summer with grandparents on their reservation; The Forgotten Summer of Seneca by Camryn Garrett, in which a girl who goes to live with her aunt after the loss of her father finds a doorway in Central Park that leads to the historical and magically preserved Seneca Village; On Again, Awkward Again by Erin Entrada Kelly and Kwame Mbalia, which finds Pacy and Cecil learning to accept that love isn’t always a perfect performance—it’s a series of mishaps, mistakes, and hilariously awkward interactions that are worth it because of the way they make each other feel; and We Are Villains by Kacen Callender, following Milo, a boarding school student who investigates the mysterious murder of his best friend Ari, one of the school’s few scholarship students.
ABRAMS/APPLESEED
Appleseed zips up a new backpack for Alpaca Goes Back-a to School by Sudipta Bardhan-Quallen, illus. by Leeza Hernandez, which finds Alpaca bravely gearing up for the first day of a new school year; Little Witch’s To-Do List by Helen Kemp Zax, illus. by Kiersten Eagan, following Little Witch as she moves through her daily to-do list one item at a time and gently teaches time management; Inventions to Count On: Black Inventors Who Changed Our World by Dana Marie Miroballi, illus. by Sawyer Cloud, shining a light on forgotten pioneers via a counting rhyme; Kitty-Corn Club: Parts of Us by Shannon Hale, illus. by LeUyen Pham, celebrating what makes bodies unique from head to toe and horn to tail; and Día de Muertos: Números by Duncan Tonatiuh, a bilingual board book about a Día de Muertos ofrenda (Day of the Dead altar), constructed annually to honor the memory and welcome the spirit of a loved one.
ABRAMS/FANFARE
Fanfare ties on an apron for The Cooking Contest (Batcat Book #3) by Meggie Ramm, in which Batcat and Al search for the perfect recipe to enter into a cooking contest; Alanna: The First Adventure (Song of the Lioness Book 1) by Tamora Pierce and Vita Ayala, illus. by Sam Beck, kicking off the graphic novel adaptation of the Song of the Lioness fantasy quartet; Children of the Night (When Monsters Wake Book 1) by Victoria Setian, illus. by Savanna Ganucheau, a YA graphic novel offering a contemporary spin on the horror novel Dracula; Ghost Town by Eric Colossal, in which Lily and her friends discover a haunted mansion and must try to catch the ghosts who have roamed their town for more than a century; and Dino Poet by Tom Angleberger, featuring Velociraptor, an aspiring poet, who is looking for lunch when he catches a prehistoric frog who’s no fan of his verse.
ABRAMS/MAGIC CAT
Magic Cat is in the kitchen with Cooking Up Change: Grandma’s Recipes from a Year in Black History by Michael Platt, illus. by Alleanna Harris, in which teen chef and food justice advocate Platt retells 12 important events in Black history and shares a recipe inspired by each one; A Year of Pride and Joy: LGBTQ+ Voices Share Their Life Passions by Simon James Green, illus. by Lisa Congdon, an anthology featuring contributions from 52 contemporary LGBTQIA+ voices; Wild: A Family Guide to the Animal Kingdom by Jack Ashby, illus. by Sara Boccaccini Meadows, introducing dozens of creatures with extraordinary abilities and how they have adapted to thrive in the wild; and It’s Busy Down in the Woods Today: Friends to Meet, Places to Explore, and Over 100 Things to Find by Rachel Piercey, illus. by Freya Hartas, inviting readers to discover how the animals of Brown Bear Wood spend their days and search for more than 100 hidden things.
ALBATROS
Albatros brings the trail mix for Hiking 101: Tips and Advice for Little Campers by Hedviga Gutierrez, offering young explorers a guide to essential outdoor skills, safety tips, and exciting challenges that will ensure a memorable hiking experience; Where To? A Trip Around the Neighborhood by Magda Gargulakova, in which eight kids navigate urban life, exploring the essential places and learning about the community helpers in their neighborhood; and Atlas of Prehistoric Animals by Radek Maly, the latest Large Encyclopedia series entry, focused on dinosaurs and prehistoric creatures. 
ALGONQUIN
Algonquin pumps up its flavor profile with Soy Sauce! by Laura Lee, about three children who embark on the journey of making soy sauce; Drive by Cynthia Copeland, a graphic novel that weaves together a biography of racecar driver Janet Guthrie with the fictional story of Alex, who is restoring her first car; Truth, Lies, and the Questions in Between by L.M. Elliott, in which a young woman becomes one of the first female Capitol pages in 1973, the year of Watergate, the ERA, and Roe v. Wade; Crumble by Meredith McLaren and Andrea Bell, following Emily as she breaks the first rule of her family’s enchanted bake shop: “Never bake a bad feeling”; and Wake the Wild Creatures by Nova Ren Suma, the story of Talia, who is ripped away from her isolated, all-women community after her mother is arrested for murder, and must ask herself if her beloved home was something sinister or a sanctuary.
AMICUS/AMICUS INK
Amicus Ink asks all the right questions with Whose Eyes? and Whose Nose?, two peek-a-boo style board books by Kristina Jones highlighting various backyard animals; Alice Alone by Jessica Shaw, illus. by Olga Herrara, about a middle child who dreams of peace and quiet, but when she finds herself alone at last, she realizes that being in the center of things isn’t so bad after all; and Kid & Kid by Linda Joy Singleton, illus. by Isobel Lundie, in which a country girl and her goat compete at the county fair.
ANDERSEN PRESS USA
Andersen Press USA follows its nose with Skunk! Skeddadle! by Peter Bently, illus. by Laurie Stansfield, the story of Sally the skunk who shows the townspeople just how useful her stink can be when she bumps into a robber; Alberta by Margaret Sturton, a twist on “Little Red Riding Hood” that paints the wolf as a kind stranger who teaches mischievous Alberta that bad behavior has consequences; All the Dogs by Nicola Kent, showcasing all manner of dogs; and Panda and Penguin Find a Thing by Zehra Hicks, in which Panda and Penguin find a flashing screen that makes funny ringing noises and must learn to share it before they lose their friendship.
ARBORDALE
Arbordale makes a pit stop with Return of the Terns: How Scientists Are Saving Island Birds by Jennifer Keats Curtis, illus. by Phyllis Saroff, following some migratory birds in search of their normal summer nesting areas who need help because their island has completely eroded and disappeared; Shorebirds by Sharon Dorsey, offering a look at how shorebirds have adapted to shore living; Bison or Buffalo? by Chris Schmitz, exploring how these two hoofed mammals (bovids) are similar and how they are different; and Snag It: Who Needs a Dead Tree? by Mary Holland, spotlighting the important role that dead trees, called snags, play in forest ecology.
ARCTIS
Arctis dives into spring with The Water’s Call (Alea Aquarius Book 1) and The Colors of the Ocean (Alea Aquarius Book 2) by Tanya Stewner, trans. by Matthew O. Anderson, introducing a girl who discovers she’s a mermaid; Silver Throat (Vardari Book 2) by Siri Pettersen, trans. by Tara Chase, in which the epidemic of wolf disease is spreading; and The Ghosts of Pandora Pickwick by Christina Wolff, trans. by Ruth Ahmedzai Kemp, in which a girl is sent to live with her antique shop owner aunt for the summer and realizes that she can see ghosts that live in the house.
ASTRA/ASTRA YOUNG READERS
Astra Young Readers takes root with A Forest Begins Anew by Louise Aamodt, illus. by Elly MacKay, the story of a forest’s renewal as it goes from ashes to new growth in the aftermath of a sweeping forest fire, accompanied by 3-D cut-paper illustrations; Piece Out by Alex Willan, featuring game piece Red, who is accidentally left out of his box, and nothing—neither a hungry robot nor a ferocious cat—will stop him from reaching home; Stars in the Daylight Sky by Maya MacGregor, in which Cam, an agender teen, stumbles into the fae world and finds love and belonging; Orson by Laura Gehl, illus. by Stephanie Roth Sisson, which features six-year-old Orson learning to navigate his big feelings by sharing his love of reading with newfound friends at the library; and This Is Our City by Lauren Paige Conrad, set in a shared backyard, where kids run a make-believe city full of hustle and bustle.
ASTRA/CALKINS CREEK
Calkins Creek goes green with Rachel Carson’s Wonder-Filled World: How the Scientist, Writer, and Nature-Lover Changed the Environmental Movement by Kate Hannigan, illus. by Katie Hickey, highlighting how this scientist and Silent Spring author became the mother of the modern environmental movement; American Spirits: The Famous Fox Sisters and the Mysterious Fad That Haunted a Nation by Barb Rosenstock, telling the true story of the 19th-century Fox sisters whose claims of being able to communicate with ghosts brought them fame as mediums and launched a spiritualism craze; The Mysterious Virginia Hall: World War II’s Most Wanted Spy by Claudia Friddell, a look at how Hall, a young lady from a wealthy family in Maryland, became World War II’s most successful female spy; Joan Mitchell Paints a Symphony by Lisa Rogers, illus. by Stacy Innerst, spotlighting the creative process of pioneering American abstract painter Mitchell; and The Spider Lady: Nan Songer and Her Arachnid World War II Army by Penny Parker Klostermann, illus. by Anne Lambelet, introducing Songer, a little-known hero of World War II, who collected and bred spiders in her home and found new ways to use their silk to help the U.S. win the war.
ASTRA/HIPPO PARK
Hippo Park checks its mic for On the Air with Dr. Doodlebug by Susan E. Goodman, illus. by Merrill Rainey, delivering a comic-style radio-show-in-a-picture-book buzzing with insect facts as Dr. Doodlebug answers the burning questions bugs have; Be My Yummy ABC by Joyce Wan, featuring foods from A to Z from more than 15 countries, each with a “Be Mine” message; One Day at the Bottom of the Deep Blue Sea by Daniel Bernstrom, illus. by Brandon James Scott, in which a clever girl outsmarts a shark; and A Not-So-Scary Story by Barney Saltzberg, a follow-up to A Delicious Story, where the mice play hide-and-seek.
ASTRA/KANE PRESS
Kane Press consults the manual with How We Fly by Sara Levine, illus. by Diana Mayo, an exploration of winged flight and the animals, insects, seeds, and machines that fly; Magic Makers Club #1: Getting Mixed Up by Christine Evans, illus. by Laura Zarrin, kicking off a series introducing three young witches who start a magical business; Mega-Mouths!: Beasts with Big Bites and the Scientists Who Study Them by Sandra Athans and Mike Downs, illus. by Alex Boersma, focusing on four different animals, each with a super-sized mouth; Dollars to Doughnuts: All That Glitters by Catherine Daly, illus. by Genevieve Kote, which finds Lucy, Avery, and Julian learning the importance of value when they go to a SugarFest event and have to decide if the visit is worth the price tag; and A Tour of Outer Space: Amazing Numbers—Fantastic Facts by Jennifer Berne, illus. by Dawn DeVries Sokol, offering a tour of outer space—from Earth’s atmosphere to the deepest reaches of the universe.
ASTRA/TOON BOOKS
TOON Books stays sharp with The Pencil by Hye-eun Kim, the wordless journey of a colored pencil from its time as wood in a living tree to its manufacture and its place in the creative process; This Makes That by Ivan Brunetti, an easy reader graphic novel about the science projects that kids do with their friends, peers, and classmates in their first years of elementary school; and The Fire-Breathing Duckling by Frank Cammuso, in which one of the ugly ducklings turns out to be not a swan, but a baby dragon who uses its fire-breathing to save its feathered siblings. 
ASTRA/WORDSONG
Wordsong pops the hood for The Poetry of Car Mechanics by Heidi E.Y. Stemple, a novel-in-verse about 16-year-old Dylan, who seeks solace through birdwatching and poetry in the woods behind his grandfather’s auto shop, where he rescues an injured hawk.
BAREFOOT
Barefoot Books dips a toe in for Kwesi and Nana Ruby Learn to Swim by Kobina Commeh, illus. by Bárbara Quintino, in which Kwesi and Nana Ruby, who are both afraid of the water, find courage in the West African legend of Mami Wata; Ramadan on Rahma Road by Razeena Omar Gutta and Faaiza Osman, illus. by Atieh Sohrabi, a narrative cookbook highlighting the dishes shared by families on Rahma Road on the day of their annual iftar; and Music of the Mountains by Sabrina Shah, illus. by Manal Mirza, following Roohi, a girl in a small village in Pakistan who must teach herself to play the rabab in time for her school’s Eid concert after her beloved grandfather falls ill. 
BEHRMAN HOUSE/APPLES & HONEY
Apples & Honey soars into the season with On the Wings of Eagles by Tami Lehman-Wilzig, illus. by Alisha Monnin, based on the true story of Operation Magic Carpet, and focused on a frightened girl who is evacuated from Yemen in 1949 to bring her and thousands of other Jews to safety in the new state of Israel; A Purr-fect Passover by Jenna Waldman, illus. by Erica J. Chen, which finds exuberant kittens getting into a bit of mischief as they celebrate Passover and explain the holiday to children; Call Me Gebyanesh by Arlene Schenker and Gebyanesh Addisu, illus. by Chiara Fedele, the tale, inspired by real events, of a girl who moves from Ethiopia to Israel and has difficulty fitting in at her new school when her teacher insists on changing her name; Shabbat Shalom the Trucks Come Home by Sherri Mandell, in which a fleet of anthropomorphic vehicles gets ready to celebrate together on Shabbat; and Ellie the Eggspert by Danielle Sharkan, illus. by Charlotte Wenger, about a girl who learns about a new food when she is assigned eggplant as an ingredient during a class cooking contest.
BLOOMSBURY
Bloomsbury bursts into spring with Big Boy Joy by Connie Schofield-Morrison, illus. by Shamar Knight-Justice, showcasing the ways big boys can run wild, travel to new places and worlds, and make new friends; The Trouble with Heroes by Kate Messner, in which Finn must climb all 46 high peaks in the Adirondacks over one summer as payment for vandalizing a woman’s tombstone, accompanied by the deceased woman’s dog; All the Blues in the Sky by Renée Watson, the story-in-verse of how Sage learns to grieve her best friend who has died suddenly, accept the unacceptable, and learn to forgive herself; They Bloom at Night by Trang Thanh Tran, set in a post-apocalyptic drowned world plagued with red algae that mutates survivors into monsters, featuring Nhung, who must choose between escaping her small town and placating her mother who won’t leave; and The Reaper’s Glass by Lin Thompson, about three queer teens who embark on a journey that will force them to confront secrets they’ve tried to bury and face deadly magic they could never have imagined.
BLUE DOT
Blue Dot Kids Press slathers on the sunscreen for My Dear Sea by Andre Carrilho, highlighting all the fun of a day at the sea; and Giant Steps by Anais Lambert, offering a child’s-eye-view of the natural world and the wonders it holds, challenging readers to look at things from a different perspective.
CAMERON KIDS
Cameron Kids is abloom with Frida Kahlo’s Flower Crown by Nydia Armendia-Sánchez, illus. by Loris Lora, spotlighting the life of celebrated artist Kahlo, told through the language of flowers; Lost in a Book by Chris Britt, offering a literal interpretation of the feeling of getting lost in a great story; If You Want to Make a Wish by Jennifer Adams, illus. by Sara Gillingham, about the many ways children can make a wish and how they can make their wishes—even the tough ones—come true; and Every Peach Is a Story by Nikiko Masumoto and David Mas Masumoto, illus. by Lauren Tamaki, in which Midori discovers that every peach on her Japanese American family’s farm is a reminder of those who’ve come before.
CANDLEWICK
Candlewick opens the barn door for Your Farm by Jon Klassen, the first in a trio of board books focusing on safe spaces and imagination, that assembles all the key components of a farm, ending with bedtime as the sun goes down; Fairy Door Diaries: Eliza and the Flower Fairies by Megan McDonald, illus. by Lenny Wen, the kickoff to a chapter book series about a girl whose love for magic and fairy folk takes her on adventures; Oh Dear, Look What I Got by Michael Rosen, illus. by Helen Oxenbury, following a hapless boy who goes from shop to shop requesting a series of perfectly reasonable items and finds himself amassing instead a growing menagerie of animals who happily follow him on his errands; Montgomery Bonbon: Murder at the Museum by Alasdair Beckett-King, illus. by Kate Powell, introducing 10-year-old Bonnie Montgomery, aka Montgomery Bonbon, gentleman detective, with a bristly mustache, fashionable beret, and an accent that’s hard to place; and Goldilocks and the Three Bears and Other Stories by Lucy Cousins, featuring spare and witty retellings of three favorite fairy tales.
CANDLEWICK/MIT KIDS PRESS
MIT Kids Press washes its hands for Meena and the Microbiome by Madji Osman, illus. by Teresa Martínez, helping readers understand how the billions of tiny microbes on Earth make such a big difference in our lives; The Girl Who Tested the Waters: Ellen Swallow, Environmental Scientist by Patricia Daniele, illus. by Junyi Wu, the eye-opening story of the first woman student at MIT, a pioneering environmental chemist; Fantastic Flora: The World’s Biggest, Baddest, and Smelliest Plants by Ann McCallum Staats, illus. by Zoë Ingram, explaining how the strangest plants around the globe earn their reputation as masters of survival; Innovative Octopuses, Half-Brained Birds, and More Animals with Magnificent Minds by Christina Couch, illus. by Daniel Duncan, an exploration of weird and wonderful animal brainpower; and Cosmic Collisions: Supergiant vs. Neutron Star by Marc J. Kuchner, illus. by Matt Schu, in which an expert astrophysicist drops knowledge about who would likely prevail in this clash.
CANDLEWICK/WALKER US
Walker US bundles up for Snow by Meera Trehan, featuring an imprisoned princess who needs the help of a girl from the modern world to undo a wish gone wrong and save her snowy kingdom; Skipshock by Caroline O’Donoghue, set in a universe where time is the key to power and privilege and two strangers are bound together in a deadly quest; Mooncussers by Eli Brown, illus. by Karin Rytter, in which the magical Oddities help Clover and her friends face the dangerous, ravenous Underking; The Boy Who Lost His Spark by Maggie O’Farrell, illus. by Daniela Jaglenka Terrazzini, which finds Jem struggling with his strange new life in a small town until a nouka wreaks mayhem upon him; and Lizard Boy 2: The Most Perfect Summer Ever by Jonathan Hill, following Tommy and his friends as they plan a perfect summer before their pal Dung and his family return to Vietnam.
CAPSTONE
Capstone Press faces a heat wave with Boiling Point: Understanding Earth’s Rising Temperatures by Golriz Golkar, designed to inform readers about why Earth’s temperatures are rising, and what each one of us can do to help keep our planet from reaching its boiling point; Growing Up in the Shadow of Alcatraz by Emma Bland Smith, focusing on the more than 100 children and their parents who lived on Alcatraz Island in San Francisco Bay where the parents worked at the notorious prison; and Secrets Between States: Brave Spies of the U.S. Civil War by Matthew K. Manning, illus. by Dante Ginevra, telling true stories of espionage that shifted the course of the Civil War.
CAPSTONE/CAPSTONE EDITIONS
Capstone Editions struts into spring with The Glam World Tour by Rachel Werner, illus. by Octavia Ink, showcasing the variation of beauty norms around the world as inclusive, not divisive; I Am on Indigenous Land by Katrina M. Phillips, illus. by Sam Zimmerman, exploring the beauty and resources of 13 ancestral Indigenous lands and how we all use those lands each day; Up, Up High: The Secret Poetry of Earth’s Atmosphere by Lydia Lukidis, illus. by Katie Rewse, taking readers on an imagined journey up high to discover the surprising and wonderous things flying, floating, and happening between the treetops and the stars; Write Here, Write Now by Rebecca Gardyn Levington, illus. by Andrea Boatta, which encourages everyone to find joy in writing—in any and all forms; and Be Kind, Kangaroo by Christianne Jones, illus. by Jayri Gomez, in which Little Kangaroo shows kindness in different ways, like holding the door for a parent and shoveling snow for a neighbor.
CAPSTONE/PICTURE WINDOW
Picture Window Books gets out its binoculars for Sumaya Solves the Woodpecker Problem by Aisha Ahmed, in which Sumaya sets out to create some inventions to help protect a busy woodpecker in her backyard from potentially hurting its head and neck; 100th Day of School with Yasmin by Saadia Faruqi, illus. by Debby Rahmalia, which finds Yasmin coming up with a unique outfit to wear on the 100th day of school; Golda and Ezra’s Dinner Dilemma by Hollie Michaels, illus. by Claudio Cerri, in which Golda and Ezra fill in for Ms. Ortega to cook the big Sunday meal at the senior center; Hugs-a-Lotl Can’t Show the Love by C.W. Estes, illus. by Irene Saluzzi, following young axolotl Hugs-a-Lotl who worries he won’t be able to hug his pals when his arm falls off during a vigorous jump rope session at school; and The Pets Are Missing by Natasha Deen, illus. by Lays Bittencourt, featuring Jade and her pet dinosaur Indigo, who is blamed when some of the neighborhood pets go missing.
CAPSTONE/STONE ARCH
Stone Arch Books goes to the head of the class with The Super-Sneaky Substitute! by Michael Anthony Steele, illus. by M. Johnson, in which Niko and his friends suspect that their new substitute teacher is a supervillain in disguise; The Music Blues by Keith Wain, illus. by Michela Di Cecio, following Zeedee and Lewis who think it might be time to liven things up and turn their duo into a full band; and Stranded in the Mojave Desert by Ailynn Collins, illus. by Syd Fini, the story of 12-year-old Wendy, who’s on a hike with her older sister and a friend, and her dog, Marshmallow, when she realizes they’ve become lost in the Mojave Desert. 
CHARLESBRIDGE
Charlesbridge chucks a stone into the water for The Ripple Effect by Rebecca Caprara, in which Zella is given a second chance to leave a positive lasting impact after her end-of-year class prank flops; Janie Writes a Play: Jane Yolen’s First Great Story by Heidi E.Y. Stemple, illus. by Madelyn Goodnight, offers a look at how Yolen became a writer, told by her author daughter; How to Explain Climate Science to a Grown-Up by Ruth Spiro, illus. by Teresa Martínez, which finds an in-the-know narrator instructing kid readers in the fine art of explaining climate science to an adult; Limelight by Renee Latulippe, illus. by Chuck Gonzalez, a graphic novel about all things theatrical; and My Dad Is the Best by Fran Pintadera, illus. by Joan Turu, about two boys who try to one-up each other about their strong fathers.
CHARLESBRIDGE/CHARLESBRIDGE MOVES
Charlesbridge Moves transforms with Werewolf Hamlet by Kerry Madden-Lunsford, illus. by Jamie Green, following 10-year-old Angus who wants to stage his original play, Werewolf Hamlet, a piece inspired by the changed behavior of his 17-year-old brother, for his fifth-grade legacy project; and Monsters of Fife: Sea Dragons by Jane Yolen, beginning a historical fantasy adventure set in Scotland starring Cat Douglas, monster hunter.
CHILD’S PLAY
Child’s Play rolls out the welcome mat for House by Sue Rollings, a look at the wide range of dwellings that people live in throughout the world; and Brave; Kind; Noisy; and Helpful, both illus. by Paula Bowles, the inaugural titles in the Best Behavior series of board books about the behavior patterns of young children.
CHOOSECO
Chooseco feels the chill with The Curse of Great Winter Academy by Jessika Fleck, featuring a deadly curse, a rival school, and a traitor in your ranks; Choose Your Own Adventure Spies: Josephine Baker by Deborah Lerme Goodman, placing readers inside WWII intrigue alongside Paris-based cabaret star Josephine Baker; and Bubble Town by Tamara Ellis Smith, focused on magic bubbles, animal communication, and saving a grove of ancient trees.
CHRONICLE 
Chronicle does a mirror check for Henry’s Picture-Perfect Day by Jenn Bailey, illus. by Mika Song, which finds Henry navigating the ups and downs of school picture day; Black Boy Rise by Brynne Barnes, illus. by Bryan Collier, which showcases the truths and perspectives of historic Black role models, aiming to inspire young men to find their own excellence; Tiny T. Rex and the First-Day Oopsies by Jonathan Stutzman, illus. by Jay Fleck, in which Tiny is certain he's ready for anything at his big new school—but learns that even the best-prepared dinosaur will still meet some "oopsies" along the way; and Lost and Found on Poppy Hill by Nina LaCour, illus. by Sònia Albert, which follows nine-year-old Ella as she makes new discoveries at the beloved apartment house that may ruffle the feathers of its residents.
CHRONICLE/PRINCETON ARCHITECTURAL PRESS
Princeton Architectural Press hops into spring with Rabbitology: The Ultimate Encyclopedia by Ilaria Demonti, illus. by Camilla Pintonato, a visual encyclopedia on the world of rabbits; and Animals Are Busy: A Book of Collective Nouns by Colter Jackson, featuring collective nouns of the animal kingdom.
CICADA 
Cicada steps right up for Circus of Shadows by Lidia Brankovic, in which Lika’s shadow whisks her off to a circus in a curious land of shadows.
COLLECTIVE BOOK STUDIO
The Collective Book Studio harvests a bounty of spring titles with Our Food Grows by Sarah M. White, illus. by Tessa Gibbs, taking readers on a journey from the earth to the plate, exploring how foods like strawberries, tomatoes, asparagus, peas, and corn grow; B Is for Bossy! by Alicia McKenzie, illus. by Sarah Demonteverde, which helps kids turn stinging words into superpowers while learning how to define themselves and understand others; Tali and the Timeless Time by Mira Z. Amiras, illus. by Chantelle and Burgen Thorne, telling the story of a girl’s empathy and curiosity about her beloved grandmother’s confusion and memory loss; and Ruby Finkelman Finds the Real Magic by Mike King, illus. by Shahar Kober, a celebration of Jewish values in which Ruby’s small act of defiance—not brushing her teeth—sets off a chain of events impacting the entire town of Kvellville.
THE CREATIVE COMPANY/CREATIVE EDITIONS
Creative Editions cools off with Summer’s Child by James Christopher Carroll, in which Summer’s Child follows up the drama of a storm on a summer day with a picnic and ice cream; Animals on Parade by Jane Yolen, illus. by Anne Yvonne Gilbert, exploring how humanity’s actions today will decide which animals survive in future generations; A Butterfly Goes to School by Laura Purdie Salas, illus. by Chloe Niclas, following a migrating butterfly whose own school-day routine mirrors that of a child; A Home Like This by Laura Purdie Salas, illus. by Miriam Nerlove, which compares the many types of homes found in nature and highlights the elements common to all: love and family; and The Three Oranges by Beth Kephart, illus. by Olga Dugina, loosely based on the Italian fairy tale about a young prince searching for meaning on a strange journey.
DISNEY/DISNEY HYPERION
Disney Hyperion lathers up with Shampoo Unicorn by Sawyer Lovett, a contemporary coming-of-age novel centered on identity, community, and how they intersect; The Girl and The Robot by Oz Rodriguez and Claribel A. Ortega, tells an out-of-this-world story about friendship, empowerment, and running from federal agents, We’re All Gonna Die-Nosaur by Konstantin Steshenko, in which Pterry the pterodactyl’s nightmares come true when he’s forced to face his fear of flying; No Cat Like Tac by Alliah L. Agostini, illus. by Charles Santoso, starring Tac, a dragon who everyone (herself included) believes is a cat; and Ilustra: Daybreaker by Tori Tadler, following 12-year old Mika as she finds herself at the center of an epic adventure inspired by Philippine mythology.
DISNEY/DISNEY PRESS
Disney Press flits into spring with Wings of Starlight by Alison Saft, in which a young fairy queen must form an unlikely alliance or risk a dark magic destroying everything she holds dear.
DISNEY/FREEDOM FIRE
Freedom Fire holds court with Kaya Morgan’s Crowning Achievement by Jill Tew, about a 12-year-old Black girl vying to be queen of the local Renaissance Faire’s summer camp.
DISNEY/MELISSA DE LA CRUZ STUDIO
Melissa de la Cruz Studio comes in hot for The Burn Legacy by Taylor Banks, featuring a group of kids who set out to solve the mystery of the Burn! Magazine headquarters fire that took place during the Harlem Renaissance.
DISNEY/NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC KIDS
National Geographic Kids breaches for Ultimate Book of Whales by Brian Skerry and Stephanie Warren Drimmer, showcasing humpbacks, dolphins, and every cetacean in between; I Know Dino by Sabrina Ricci and Garrett Kruger, featuring dinosaur info from this podcasting team; Penguin Palooza by Paige Towler, putting penguins from around the world on full display; The Official National Geographic Survival Guide by Julie Beer, a wilderness survival guide, and Explorer Academy Vela: The Unbreakable Bond by Trudi Trueit, about a girl who sets out to save her sister from an evil wildlife-trafficking ring.
DISNEY/PLANET POSSIBLE       
Planet Possible celebrates Earth Day every day with Bruce Saves the Planet by Ryan T. Higgins, in which Bruce goes from unwitting mother to unwitting environmental activist; Green Jolene and the Neighborhood Swap by Wendy Mass, illus. by Billy Yong, introducing a green, clean, climate-conscious heroine; Hard Hat Hank by Charlotte Gunnufson, illus. by Brian Biggs, shining a light on teamwork and the ways we can live in harmony with the natural world; and If You Find a Fawn by Kellie DuBay Gillis, illus. by Wazza Pink, which teaches young readers what to do if they stumble upon an animal in the wild.
EERDMANS
Eerdmans gets its needles clicking with Thread by Thread by Alice Brière-Haquet, illus. by Michela Eccli, trans. by Sarah Ardizzone, a refugee story told through the language of knitting, following a family of mice as they search for a new home; Trouble Dog by Carol Foote, illus. by Larry Day, spotlighting a shelter dog who finds a loving, permanent home—and an important job helping save wildlife; A Universe of Rainbows by Matt Forrest Esenwine, illus. by Jamey Christoph, an anthology of poems celebrating the wonder and variety of rainbows in the natural world; And There Was Music by Marta Pantaleo, an ode to music and its importance to cultures around the world; and Ramon Fellini the Dog Detective by Guilherme Karsten, which finds the whiskered investigator on the case when a boy’s aquarium is attacked. 
ENDLESS MOUNTAINS/KALANIOT 
Kalaniot Books puts spring into gear with Tractor Zack on Sunshine Kibbutz by Alice Blumenthal McGinty, illus. by Roten Teplow, in which Tractor Zack finds a new way to help when he can no longer work in the fields of Sunshine Kibbutz.
ENSLOW/WEST 44 BOOKS
West 44 gets social for Like and Subscribe by Claudia Recinos Seldeen, the story of vlogger Gabby who never expects that the newest anonymous subscriber to her vlog would be the creator of the most popular gossip vlog in school; Like Water for Dragons by Maija Barnett, following C-235, who lives in a world plagued by war between humans and sentient AI; Solar Punks by Gume Laurel III, in which Veny Juarez and his two besties are considered punks in the isolated but prosperous futuristic community of Isla Sola; Doubling the Bounty by Ryan Wolf, which finds the fates of two teens intertwined when their fathers—one a bounty hunter, one a fugitive—take them on the road; and The Midas Trees by D.J. Brandon, focused on Pearl, who reluctantly reaches out to her school counselor when her father doesn’t come home one day, and begins to find herself.
FAMILIUS
Familius has a front-row seat for Daddy: Live in Concert by Tyler Hilton, illus. by Eugenia Nobati, spotlighting the mini concerts that singer/actor Hilton hosted for his children and family in their home during Covid; They Work: Honey Bees, Nature’s Pollinators by June Smalls, illus. by Yukari Mishima, exploring the honey bee life cycle; Chalk the Walk by Chelsea Tornetto, illus. by Laurel Aylesworth, in which a group of neighborhood children turn their boring gray street into a vibrant community art project; What Will I Be? From A to Z by Laura Carter, illus. by Anna Dohert, offering a look at careers and trades that encourages children to reach for their goals; and Kindness Rocks by Megan Murphy, illus. by Jiajia Hamner, about how small acts of kindness move a community to pay it forward.
FREE SPIRIT
Free Spirit pricks up its ears for Birds Sing Their Words by Mélina Mangal, about two kids who notice and hear the birds in their neighborhood and try to understand how they communicate; Delilah Can’t Decide by Raina Hassan, illus. by Taia Morley, in which a family hike helps Delilah learn to set her worries free using her breath and body movement; Faye Goes Dumpster Diving with Lola by Christine Alemshah, illus. by Dream Chen, about a girl who develops a deeper connection with her Filipino family’s heritage and a fascination with treasure hunting when she reluctantly agrees to go dumpster diving with her grandmother; Glow & Grow: A Brown Girl’s Guide to Being Well and Finding Joy by Rachel Werner, a guide to loving your body that explores mindful eating and mental health awareness; and A Gullah Geechee Color Wheel by Yvette Murray, illus. by Tonya Engel, a poem celebrating contemporary Gullah Geechee culture and history and showcasing the colors and sights of South Carolina.
GETTY PUBLICATIONS
Getty forges ahead with Daring: The Life and Art of Elisabeth Vigée Le Brun by Jordana Pomeroy, centering an artist who overcame gender discrimination, personal tragedy, and political upheaval to rise to the top of her profession. 
GLOBE PEQUOT/DOWN EAST BOOKS
Down East Books straps on its life jacket for Sea Dog Rescue by Astrid Shekels, which finds Walter the baker and seadog and Mira the merpup working to clear the name of Walter’s friend Big Boris, after a village fishing boat sinks.
GLOBE PEQUOT/FALCON GUIDES
Falcon Guides gets a grip with Little Climber by Amanda Joy Hogan and Danielle Sarli, in which Mack’s gym teacher notices her talent for climbing and coaches her on how to rock climb safely.
GLOBE PEQUOT/MUDDY BOOTS
Muddy Boots knows its way around the block with Wild in the Streets: A Young Naturalist’s Guide to Discovering Nature in the City by Jenette Restivo, which teaches children to see and understand the life teeming in their city.
GLOBE PEQUOT/NORTH COUNTRY BOOKS
North Country follows the signs for Detour Ahead by Liza Frenette, the story of twins Gabby and Lucy each finding their purpose against the backdrop of a mysterious kayaker, a secretive new girl, and their father’s new obsession with birdhouses; and The Great Congress Park Rescue: The Duck Who Got Stuck by Tori Losey, illus. by Anthony Richichi, in which Tyler and his father use quick thinking to save a duck stuck in the Spirit of Life Fountain.
GREYSTONE
Greystone Kids picks up Six Little Sticks by Tiffany Stone, illus. by Ruth Hengeveld, which tucks counting and simple math skills inside a hunt for six stick insects hiding in their natural habitat; Barnacle Bay by Jana Crull, first in a nonfiction graphic novel series introducing kids to often overlooked ecosystems; No One Is Home by Mikolaj Pa, illus. by Gosia Herba, a humorous story of friendship and community; and Cool Paws for Piet by Peter Wohlleben and Carina Wohlleben, illus. by Rachel Qiuqi, showing how various animals find innovative ways to cool off when it gets too hot. 
GREYSTONE/ALDANA LIBROS
Aldana Libros rounds up Girls and Boys and Other Wild Creatures by Jairo Buitrago, illus. by Mariana Ruiz Johnson, a collection of stories about kids, monsters, and other six-to-eight-year-old beings.
GROUNDWOOD
Groundwood raises the curtain on The Rehearsal Club by Laurie Petrou, illus. by Kate Fodor, a mystery spanning decades at a New York boardinghouse for actresses; Marcel with a Splash by Julia Sørensen, taking a look at a child’s life with Down syndrome via Marcel, a child who was born with webbed toes and an extra chromosome; Rock by Laurel Croza, illus. by Matt James, about a rock that stays true to itself when it converses with a seagull on the beach; The One and Only Question by Norma Charles, illus. by Ken Daley, in which Zeke’s first-day-of-school jitters consist of one question: what will he do when they call him the N-word like they did at his old school?; and Everybelly by Thao Lam, the story of a child enjoying a day at the public pool with friends and neighbors while marveling at all the different kinds of bellies on display.
HARPERCOLLINS
HarperCollins arrives at the station with Faith Takes the Train by Kesi Augustine, illus. by Mokshini, in which young Faith meets a hungry passenger on a New York City train and greets them with kindness; Bat and the Business of Ferrets by Elana K. Arnold, following fourth-grader Bixby Alexander “Bat” Tam’s mission to convince his new teacher to adopt a class pet; Cranky Makes a Friend by Phuc Tran, illus. by Pete Oswald, which finds Cranky feeling extra cranky when a new crane joins the crew; Fable for the End of the World by Ava Reid, in which Inesa has been selected to be hunted by assassin Melinoë in a livestreamed spectacle, but they must work together to survive and find themselves falling in love; Fix It Familia by Lucky Diaz, illus. by Micah Player, about a Mexican American boy and his family who work together to help their community; The Golden Boy’s Guide to Bipolar by Sonora Reyes, a companion novel to The Lesbiana’s Guide to Catholic School, exploring the ongoing mental health crisis through the eyes of Cesar; I Am Not Jessica Chen by Ann Liang, the story of how Jenna wishes to be her perfect Harvard-bound cousin, and wakes up as Jessica Chen—but everyone begins to forget that Jenna ever existed; That Devil, Ambition by Linsey Miller, a dark academia fantasy about a magic school where, each year, the 13 best students enroll in the school’s honors class, which has only one assignment, to kill the professor—and if their assassination attempt fails, the professor gets to kill them; Where Shadows Bloom, by Catherine Bakewell, a tale inspired by the myth of Orpheus and Eurydice, featuring two girls who must brave the beautiful and dangerous Le Château Enchanté to discover the truth about the shadow monsters plaguing the kingdom; and Wonder Why by Lisa Varchol Perron, illus. by Nik Henderson, which takes readers through the arc of the day from blue skies to nighttime, via a series of “I wonder why” questions and answers.
HARPERCOLLINS/HARPERALLEY
HarperAlley covers all the bases with The History of Everything by Victoria Evans, in which best friends Daisy and Agnes dedicate their last summer together to checking off their childhood bucket list before Agnes moves away; Almost Sunset by Wahab Algarmi, featuring Hassan, whose struggle to balance homework, soccer, and gaming becomes even more difficult during Ramadan, when all he can think about is his next meal; Poyoman by Gonzalo Alvarez, about a boy who is transported from our world to Aztlan, the mythical homeland of the Aztec, where he is tasked with the mission of unlocking the power of the Sun God, Tonatiuh, and defeating El Ratón; Second Generation Blues by Julio Anta, illus. by Red Dryer, which finds Luis struggling to juggle friends, first loves, and his dream of being a music journalist while working for his domineering immigrant father at their faltering family restaurant; and Strange Bedfellows by Ariel Ries, in which Oberon is finding his way back after a very public breakdown, but develops the ability to conjure his dreams in real life.
HARPERCOLLINS/ALLIDA
Allida sharpens its pencil for How to Draw a Secret by Cindy Chang, an autobiographical debut graphic novel about a budding artist’s attempts to keep her parents’ separation a secret in light of the revelation that her father has a second family in Taiwan; Made for More by Chloe Ito Ward, illus. by Gael Abary, in which a young Japanese American narrator defies traditional beauty standards to embrace the skin she’s in, her immigrant heritage, and her life on the island of Kaua’i; and Smiling Eyes by Linda Sue Park, illus. by Lenny Wen, which celebrates eyes—especially the variety of Asian eye shapes and hues.
HARPERCOLLINS/AMISTAD
Amistad takes center stage with Cicely Tyson by Renée Watson, illus. by Sherry Shine, spotlighting the life of this award-winning actor and trailblazer.
HARPERCOLLINS/CLARION
Clarion Books pulls on its wellies for The Peddler of Puddles by Beth Ferry and Tom Lichtenheld, about an on-the-go inventor who makes homes for others before realizing the rewards of putting down his own roots; A Day at the Beach by Gary D. Schmidt and Ron Koertge, which finds the lives of a diverse cast of kids intersecting in surprising ways over the course of a summer day; Ellie Has a Secret by Amelia Bothe, a tale about releasing the secrets that weigh us down, featuring a girl and a mysterious creature who’s not as she first seems; Stuck by Kayla Miller, in which Olive’s plans for a peaceful summer are derailed by a feud between her two best friends at Camp Acorn Lake; and A Wizard of Earthsea: A Graphic Novel, text adaptation and illustration by Fred Fordham, a new version of Le Guin’s fantasy classic about a young wizard’s testing.
HARPERCOLLINS/GREENWILLOW
Greenwillow shines on with Be the Light: How She Became Angela Davis by Daria Peoples, following the life of civil rights icon Davis from her childhood in Birmingham, Ala., through her time on the FBI’s Most Wanted list; Sun Bird: The Amazing Journey of the Arctic Tern by Lindsay Moore, a narrative nonfiction take on the awe-inspiring, 18,000-mile migration of this animal that chases the sun through any obstacle; At Home in a Faraway Place by Lynne Rae Perkins, in which Lissie, her father, and her grandmother travel “to a faraway place, in a different part of the world”; Cincinnati Lee, Curse Breaker by Heidi Heilig, which finds young Cincinnati tasked with breaking the curse placed on her family by returning the ancient artifacts from around the world that her adventurous great-great grandfather “preserved” back in the day; and Cranky, Crabby Crow (Saves the World) by Corey R. Tabor, featuring a very cranky, crabby crow who is hanging out on a wire waiting for something. 
HARPERCOLLINS/QUILL TREE
Quill Tree makes a date with Meet Me at Blue Hour by Sarah Suk, a speculative romance following two childhood best friends navigating the fallout of one having chosen to erase their memories of the other; After Life by Gayle Forman, in which Amber returns home seven years after the accident that took her life, and she, her family, and her community struggle to understand why she was given a second chance; Another by Paul Tremblay, the story of a mysterious stranger who suddenly shows up at the door of a friendless boy; Capitana by Cassandra James, which finds Ximena, the seafaring daughter of notorious pirates, trying to prove herself to her empire by rescuing their queen from the most infamous pirate alive, while also competing against an infuriating classmate with his own motives; and A Very Scary Book by Angela and Tony DiTerlizzi, about a friendly book who looks for pals who aren’t frightened away by his very scary appearance. 
HARPERCOLLINS/VERSIFY
Versify puts things into focus with Specs by Van G. Garrett, illus. by Reggie Brown, celebrating kids who wear glasses; Lulu and a Little Wedding Mischief by Natasha Khan Kazi, in which Lulu and her cousins compete to see who is most worthy to carry on the tradition at many Southeast Asian weddings of trying to take the groom’s shoe; Mi Mother, Mi Madre by Raúl the Third and Elaine Bay, a bilingual Spanish and English board book focused on Coco Rocho as he celebrates all of the mothers in his life; One Step Forward by Marcie Flinchum Atkins, spotlighting the life of Matilda Young—the youngest suffragist to be arrested and imprisoned for lawful protests during the time leading up to the passage of the 19th Amendment; and Sounds Like Joy by Yesenia Moises, about a young mermaid who comes across a tambourine and discovers the joy of creating music with friends.
HIGHLIGHTS
Highlights wears safety glasses for The Ultimate Science Cookbook for Kids, featuring food-related science activities, like exploring the chemistry behind gummy candies; and First 101 Animal Words, which encourages early language learning with essential animal words and photos.
HOLIDAY HOUSE
Holiday House turns the calendar page for This Is the Year by Gloria Muñoz, a hybrid of prose and verse that imagines a climate-ravaged future through the eyes of a Latine immigrant teen; When I Hear Spirituals by Cheryl Hudson, illus. by London Ladd, about a girl who connects with heritage, history, and a higher power through the lyrics of 12 beloved spirituals and four seminal events in African American history; Banned Together: Our Fight for Readers’ Rights, edited by Ashley Hope Pérez, illus. by Debbie Fong, presenting stories from a diverse roster of 15 creators with multimedia contributions including comics, memoir, and short stories, designed to empower teen readers to fight back against book bans; Rabbit Rabbit by Dori Hillstead Butler and Sunshine Bacon, in which a pair of audacious tween cousins forge an unlikely friendship during the Covid lockdowns to heal their politically divided family; and Nahia by Emily Lena Jones, the story of Headwoman’s daughter Nahia, who is exiled after speaking aloud a politically forbidden truth and uncovers a skill for divining messages from the spirits. 
HOLIDAY HOUSE/FERGUSON
Margaret Ferguson Books packs up for Moving Day by Teri Roche Drobnick, illus. by Jennifer Black Reinhardt, about a Victorian house in San Francisco that is unhappy about being moved to a new location six blocks away until she realizes that as long as she is with her family everything will be fine; The Boy Who Lived in a Shell: Snippets for Wandering Minds by John Himmelman, the tale of Ivo, who lives in an empty moon shell on the sea and writes story poems to pass the time; and How to Tell a True Story by Tricia Springstubb, in which eighth grader Amber Pierce is rescued from a fire in her family’s house by her older brother who becomes a reluctant hero. 
HOLIDAY HOUSE/PORTER
Neal Porter Books is abuzz with Let’s Be Bees by Shawn Harris, following a father and child as they pretend to be various animals and forces of nature; The Wasp by Chris Raschka, in which a wasp sting gives Peachaloo the power to sense what people really mean, and she uses her new gift to thwart a capitalist threat to her small town; His Fairytale Life: A Book About Hans Christian Andersen by Jane Yolen, illus. by Brooke Boynton-Hughes, a picture book biography of Andersen; Hurricane by Jason Chin, about all that goes into a North Carolina island’s preparations for a category three hurricane; and Island Storm by Brian Floca, illus. by Sydney Smith, focused on two children who seek adventure during an island thunderstorm. 
IVP KIDS
IVP Kids bows its head for Kaylee Prays for the Children of the World: God Hears Every Prayer by Helen Lee, illus. by Shin Maeng, which finds Kaylee and her grandfather praying for the children they read about in the newspaper; and Jesus Loves the Little Children, All the Children of the World by Tara Hackney, featuring three stanzas of updated lyrics to a favorite children’s song.
KIDS CAN
Kids Can Press takes sides with Dragon vs. Unicorn by P.J. Hoover, illus. by Lisa Wiley, a choose-your-own-adventure-style graphic novel focused on the potential outcome of Dragon and Unicorn’s disagreement; Ahimsa Is Everywhere by Suma Subramaniam, illus. by Aparna Varma, in which a child explores the ancient moral philosophy of Ahimsa, or universal love, by observing it through interactions with people and the natural world; Way Off Track by Carl Brundtland, illus. by Claudia Dávila, the kick-off to a graphic novel series spotlighting Nansi, a mischievous 12-year-old girl who lives up to her trickster namesake and hatches a plan to be the fastest runner in her school; Unnaturally Blue by Dorson Plourde, illus. by Byron Eggenschwiler, about an anxious child’s imaginings while at a crowded community pool; and Yellow Singing Sail by Yinfan Huang, a graphic novel memoir following the author’s adolescence in China as an only child and her struggle to find a true friend.
LANTANA
Lantana saves up for A Card for My Mom by Bashabi Fraser, illus. by Maanvi Kapur, about a girl of Indian heritage who searches for a Mother's Day card that features a mom who looks like hers; Azizi and the Little Blue Bird by Laïla Koubaa, illus. by Mattias De Leeuw, trans. by David Colmer, the tale of a boy and a bird standing up to their country’s rulers, inspired by the Jasmine Revolution in Tunisia; and Soni and the Life Drinkers by Shiko Nguru, next in the middle grade Intasimi Warriors series following Soni as she tries to save her mentor from the vampire-like creatures who are draining his life.
LAWLEY 
Lawley swings into spring with You Little Monkey by Ann P. Borrmann, illus. by My Vu, which finds Harry the monkey, the lovable zoo favorite, causing mischief on his day in town; Sophie Can See by Fynisa Engler, illus. by Patricia Grush and Robin DeWitt, in which Sophie unlocks a world of previously missed experiences when she’s fitted for eyeglasses; Madison Is Possibly, Probably, Positively Guilty by Carolyn Weisbecker and Cleriston Rebeiro de Azevedo, following 12-year-old Emily Vern as she faces a whirlwind of challenges, from losing her best friend to contemplating meeting her biological mother; Tucker’s Impact by Paul Gibson, illus. by Nino Palmiere, focused on Tucker’s first day of kindergarten, where he searches for a classmate who loves superheroes as much as he does; and Kid Scientists at the Beach by Dallas Woodburn, illus. by Spencer Liriano Navarro, the story of how Harper and Theo explore the beach and discover new things.
LERNER
Lerner is ready for spring with The Power of Yet: Developing a Growth Mindset with Sesame Street by Whitney Sanderson, which helps readers learn the importance of practice, deal with feelings of frustration, and more.
LERNER/CAROLRHODA
Carolrhoda tells the whole truth with The Girl Who Couldn’t Lie by Radhika Sanghani, centering Priya, who finds herself incapable of telling a lie after she gets her beloved late grandmother’s bangle stuck on her wrist; And, Too, the Fox by Ada Limón, illus. by Gaby D’Alessandro, spotlights a fox bounding through backyards, piecing together a living in his own way; The Library in the Woods by Calvin Alexander Ramsey, illus. by R. Gregory Christie, following a Black boy in 1959 North Carolina, whose new friends show him the Negro Library, which is in a log cabin in the woods; The Pecan Sheller by Lupe Ruiz-Flores, in which 13-year-old Petra helps plan a strike to protest the dangerous conditions at the pecan-shelling factory where she works; and We Are the Scrappy Ones by Rebekah Taussig, illus. by Kirbi Fagan, which celebrates disabled children and emphasizes their value just the way they are.
LERNER/CAROLRHODA LAB
Carolrhoda Lab buckles up for The Red Car to Hollywood by Jennie Liu, the story of how 16-year-old Ruby’s friendship with 19-year-old rising Hollywood star Anna May Wong in L.A.’s Chinatown in 1924 opens up new possibilities for Ruby’s future; and Sometimes the Girl by Jennifer Mason-Black, in which 18-year-old Holiday gets a short-term job sorting through the attic of an acclaimed elderly author and uncovers secrets that change her views on art and life.
LERNER/GECKO
Gecko Press balances early bird and sleepyhead vibes with Hippity Hop, Time to Get Dressed by Lucie Brunellière, in which young readers learn how to get ready for the day; and So Tired and So Wide Awake by Susanne Strasser, about a wide-awake seal who keeps all her tired animal friends from falling asleep at bedtime.
LERNER/GRAPHIC UNIVERSE
Graphic Universe is armed for spring with I’m a Dumbo Octopus!: A Graphic Guide to Cephalopods by Anne Lambelet, in which Dumbo octopus Grimpy presents a tour of the whole cephalopod class; Magda, Intergalactic Chef: The Big Tournament by Nicolas Wouters, trans. by Ann Marie Boulanger, launching a series starring 12-year-old Magda, selected to represent her home moon in an intergalactic vegetarian cooking competition; Mystery Science Detectives: The Case of the Bloody Statue by Chi-hyeon Ahn, illus. by Gyung-hyo Kang, trans. by Gloria Ohe, which finds the detectives braving the legendary Bloody Mansion to find out why a mysterious student is staying there; Whose Poo Is This?: The Golden Poo by Park Song-eui, illus. by Kim Duck-Young, trans. by Gloria Ohe, in which readers learn all about living things through the science of poop; and The Giants: Erin and Yrso by Lylian, trans. by Montana Kane, beginning an ecological adventure series featuring children’s connections to giants that represent the forces of nature.
LERNER/KAR-BEN
Kar-Ben knows the special ingredient for The Secret Recipe by Ilan Stavans, illus. by Taia Morley, about Abuela and her grandson spending quality time cooking—and sharing Abuela’s language—together; The See-You-Soon Spice Box by Pamela Ehrenberg, illus. by Gabby Grant, which finds Silas video-calling Great-Grandma Faye so they can chant the Havdalah service together, until she finally visits in person; The Elephant and the Purim Crown by Haviva Kierzenblat, illus. by Rebeca Luciani, in which Rachel decides to use her Purim crown to buy an elephant with bruised and cracked feet so that the animal may rest; The Mitzvah Fairy by Danielle Joseph, illus. by Christine Battuz, following a kid who, with his wings, crown, and wand, spreads joy—and Jewish values—every day; and Twist, Tumble, Triumph: The Story of Champion Gymnast Ágnes Keleti by Deborah Bodin Cohen and Kerry Olitzky, illus. by Martina Peluso, spotlighting gymnast Keleti and her moment of triumph at the 1952 Olympics.
LERNER/MILLBROOK
Millbrook Press is going to need a bigger boat for Sharks Unhooked: The Adventures of Cristina Zenato, Underwater Ranger by Patricia Newman, illus. by Becca Hall, showcasing diving professional and ranger Zenato’s efforts to save sharks by removing painful fishing hooks from their fins, gills, and mouths; The Black Mambas: The World’s First All-Female Anti-Poaching Unit by Kelly Crull, featuring the conservation work of this group in South Africa’s Balule Nature Reserve; and Kahoʻolawe: The True Story of an Island and Her People by Kamalani Hurley, illus. by Harinani Orme, shining a light on the group of young Native Hawaiian activists who risked everything to fight environmental and social injustice and dared to take back the ʻāina from the US military, told from the Kahoʻolawe island’s perspective.
LERNER/WALKER BOOKS AUSTRALIA
Walker Books Australia caps things off with Frank’s Red Hat by Sean E. Avery, in which Frank’s latest invention of a red hat has caused unease and mistrust among his fellow penguins in a cold, colorless world; So That Happened… But Maybe You Already Knew That? by Tami Sussman, which finds tween Natalie (Nutty) excited about her upcoming bat mitzvah until her family’s financial crisis comes to light; and Evie & Rhino by Neridah McMullin, illus. by Astrid Hicks, the story of how 10-year-old Evie and a rhino bound for captivity form an unlikely bond when a storm and shipwreck bring them together.
LERNER/ZEST
Zest marches on with Never Falter: The Grimké Sisters’ Fight for Abolition and Women’s Rights by Angelica Shirley Carpenter, introducing these activist siblings who grew up in the late 1700s and early 1800s fighting for abolition and equal rights; Poems for Justice: Holding the Past, Recognizing the Present, and Imagining the Future of Policing by Ari Tison and Ty Chapman, centering a chorus of voices from various spaces of marginalization in response to police brutality in the U.S.; The Real Rosalind: The Truth About Rosalind Franklin’s DNA Discovery and How It Was Erased by Debbie L. Dunn and Janet Fox, revealing how Franklin’s male colleagues took credit for her scientific research and discovery of the DNA double helix in the 1950s; and Speaking on Climate: A Guide to Speechwriting for a Better Future by Rune Kier Nielsen, offering advice on how young activists and public speakers can share their message on climate to create meaningful, worldwide impact.
LEVINE QUERIDO/ARTHUR A. LEVINE
Arthur A. Levine makes lemonade with The Sweetest of Lemons by Daniel Nayeri, illus. by Rahele Jomepour Bell, following a boy visiting his grandfather’s farm in Iran who’s told a fantastical story of three brothers, a lemon tree, a giant, and a journey beyond our world; Everything I Thought I Was by Jonny Garza Villa, featuring a college freshman soccer player who, after befriending (and kissing) a classmate, realizes he’s not as straight as he thought he was; I Dreamed I Was the Night by David Àlvarez, the tale of a small boy who transforms into the expanse of night; The A.I. Incident by J.E. Thomas, which finds a 12-year old boy in the foster care system trying to improve his odds of getting adopted before he’s a teenager, when a rogue autonomous AI robot gets in his way; and Beinoni by Mari Lowe, a middle grade fantasy in which the world is beinoni– a bland, safe place with no space for excellence or for horror—where Ezra has been raised with the awareness that one day he will fight the gurya, an embodiment of evil inclination, and sustain the status quo.
LEVINE QUERIDO/EM QUERIDO
Em Querido slithers into spring with My Presentation Today Is About the Anaconda by Bibi Demon Tak, illus. by Annemarie van Haeringen, trans. by Nancy Forest-Flier, a nonfiction book presenting information about the animal kingdom via various animals giving presentations on other animal species; Pilgrim Codex by Vivian Mansour, illus. by Emmanuel Valtierra, trans. by Carlos Rodríguez Cortez, about a family migrating from Mexico to the U.S., told in the style of a pre-Columbian codex; Okchundang Candy, by Jeong-Soon Ko, trans. by Aerin Park, centering a girl’s relationships with her grandparents as they age; and Daughter of Doom by Jean-Claude van Rijckeghem, trans. by Kristen Gehrman, set in the age of Vikings and following the unlikely friendship between Yrsa, the daughter of a Danish helmsman and Sister Job, a nun. 
LITTLE BEE 
Little Bee Books is walking on sunshine with I Am NOT a Vampire by Miles McKenna, illus. by Riley Samels, starring a magical child who realizes their true self among a family full of vampires; I Know the Whale by Robin Yardi, illus. by Matt Schu, in which a girl learns a lesson in grief and the beauty of death and loss when she discovers a beached blue whale; Soggy Like Cush Cush by Karly Pierre, illus. by Kristen Uroda, the story of a gloomy, rainy day that gets turned upside down when Grandmoman takes Petite Marie on an adventure through town; The Witch’s Table by Melinda Beatty, illus. by Stefano Tambellini, about a young witch who inherits—and must figure out how to outwit—a cantankerous family heirloom; and Un-Wanted by Kashelle Gourley, illus. by Skylar Hogan, which finds a family’s dog dealing with an unwanted cat that he thinks is stealing from the family, not realizing that his owners have adopted a new pet.
LITTLE BEE/BUZZPOP
BuzzPop colors outside the lines with Crayola: Today I Feel Sparkly: And Other Colorful Emotions and Crayola: Best Buds, two novelty board books tying into the crayon brand.  
LITTLE BEE/YELLOW JACKET
Yellow Jacket blows the barn door open with Farming Is Female by Rachel Sarah, a middle grade nonfiction book that dives deep into food justice, showing how farmers, homesteaders, and policymakers are providing healthy and affordable food to people right where they live; Say Something, Poupeh Babaee! by Haleh Massey, illus. by Ghazal Qadri, the story of Poupeh, who needs to speak up for her parents at an embassy interview, she develops selective mutism that stands in the way; and Maggie the Dread by Austin Gilkeson, in which seventh grader Sebastian accidentally frees a young vampire goddess who is unhappy with her fate, and they must work together to stop her from devouring the universe.
LITTLE, BROWN
Little, Brown Books for Young Readers warms up with The Good Golden Sun by Brendan Wenzel, exploring how the sun makes, moves, and transforms life all around us; This Ends in Embers by Kamilah Cole, a sequel to So Let Them Burn, which finds Faron Vincent alone, disgraced, and kidnapped, forced to help Iya grow his bloody empire; Be a Hero with Skipper the Seal by Admiral William H. McRaven and Kelly McRaven, illus. by Howard McWilliam, in which the president of the U.S. tasks Skipper the seal with assembling a team of heroes; How Elegant the Elephant by Mary Ann Hoberman, illus. by Marla Frazee, showcasing poems about the world of animals and insects; and Nightweaver by R.M. Gray, following 17-year-old Pirate Violet, who hunts the Underling who murdered her brother, and discovers dark secrets that could unravel everything she knows about herself.
LITTLE, BROWN/LB INK
LB Ink laces up its skates for Blades of Furry by Deya Muniz and Emily Erdos, based on the popular webcomic, featuring rivals in the competitive sport of battle skating who contend with their growing feelings for each other; Stunt Girl by Nora Neus, illus. by Julie Robine, a historical imagining based on real-life undercover reporter Nell Nelson and photography pioneer Alice Austen; Bizarre Bazaar: Mirror Town by Daniel Nayeri, illus. by Liz Enright, featuring a shop outside of time and place, run by a fairy and a djinn, that sells magical items to the unsuspecting; K Is in Trouble AGAIN by Gary Clement, in which trouble finds K yet again when a mischievous goat eats his train ticket; and Frog Daddy by Andrew Weine, illus. by Bethany Crandall, following Andrew, who once again tells his daughter a fractured fairy tale that centers his younger self—and the time a wizard turned him into a frog.
LITTLE, BROWN/OTTAVIANO
Christy Ottaviano Books steps into the starting block with Athlete Is Agender: True Stories of LGBTQ People in Sports by Katherine Locke and Nicole Melleby, about the power of queer visibility in athletics; Fish Don’t Go to School by Deb Pilutti, in which Henry battles anxiety on his first day of school by wearing his favorite sparkly fish costume to feel a bit braver; Marjory’s River of Grass by Josie James, telling the story of Marjory Stoneman Douglas, an environmental journalist and conservationist who spent her life fighting to preserve the Florida Everglades; If You Like Butterflies by Lola M. Schaefer; illus. by Gabi Swiatkowska, which answers a plethora of questions about butterflies in the wild; and Dreki by Mary Logue, following a boy, his grandfather, and a baby dragon on an international adventure that takes them from Minnesota to Iceland.
MACMILLAN/FARRAR, STRAUS, AND GIROUX
FSG Books for Young Readers makes a mountain out of a molehill with Everything’s Wrong: A Bear, A Hare, and Trouble Everywhere by Jory John, illus. by Erin Kraan, in which a series of catastrophic-seeming things happen to lead into the best day ever for a bear and rabbit; The Boy, The Mountain, and the Serpent Who Ate the Moon by Caris Cruz, about three kids who must find their way through a mystical land filled with monsters and gods from Filipino lore; Greenwild Book 3 by Pari Thomson, concluding the Greenwild trilogy featuring Daisy Thistledown’s adventures; The Rhythm of Time Book 2 by Questlove with S.A. Cosby, illus. by Godwin Akpan, a sci-fi middle grade novel following a Black boy and his genius best friend; and Together We See by Ari Tison, a thriller focusing on the mysterious murder of a Bribri land-rights activist in the rainforest of Costa Rica.
MACMILLAN/FEIWEL AND FRIENDS
Feiwel and Friends spills the beans for A Coffeeshop in an Alternate Universe by C.B. Lee, in which two girls meet and fall in love in a magical coffeeshop as their two, very different, universes collide; Odder: An Otter’s Story by Katherine Applegate, illus. by Charles Santoso, a picture book adaptation of Applegate’s novel spotlighting Odder’s rescue and subsequent new role as a mentor to other rescued otter pups; The Floating World by Axie Oh, reimagining the Korean legend of Celestial Maidens as a romantic fantasy; We Could Be Magic by Marissa Meyer, illus. by Joelle Murray, about a girl who works to achieve her dreams of playing the princess role at an amusement park internship program; and Suite Scent of Sabotage by Faridah Àbíké-Íyímídé and Adiba Jaigirdar, a dual POV YA romance focused on a hotel heiress who wants to stop her cousin’s wedding, and the son of the wedding caterer who needs the wedding to go off without a hitch.
MACMILLAN/FIRST SECOND
First Second follows the trail with Breadcrumbs by Kasia Babis, the author’s coming-of-age story set in Poland as the country transitions from a communist state to a capitalist one; Ralph by Andy Hirsch, about a boy who overcomes his anxiety by training his dog to race through agility courses; Love Misha by Jam Aden, in which a nonbinary teen and their mother get lost in the spirit world, and their already-strained relationship gets tested to its limits; Myth Valley Medics by Gavin Aung Than, beginning a series about a doctor-in-training learning to treat mythical creatures; and Extra Large by Tyler Page, a middle grade memoir about a boy dealing with weight gain, bullying, and gendered expectations all while starting a new school year.
MACMILLAN/FLATIRON 
Flatiron Books stings with The Scorpion Queen by Mina Fears, the tale of a young woman forced to work as the chambermaid to a princess whose father has challenged suitors from across the land to compete in impossible trials to win her hand... and kills them when they fail.
MACMILLAN/HENRY HOLT
Henry Holt jumps into spring with Double Dutch Queen by DeAnn Wiley, about a girl who gets a boost of confidence from her family to conquer her fears of Double Dutch; Don’t Cause Trouble by Arree Chung, in which 12-year-old Ming Lee hopes middle school will be the fresh start he needs; Otter Carries On by Maya Tatsukawa, starring an independent Otter, who learns to ask for help after getting lost at sea; and The Beasts We Bury by D.L. Taylor, a dark YA romantasy about an heir to the throne who can summon an army of animals, and a thief who plans to manipulate her to pull off a once-in-a-lifetime heist.
MACMILLAN/HOLT/GODWIN BOOKS
Godwin Books licks its lips for What’s Your Favorite Food Board Book by Eric Carle, adapting the picture book title in which Carle and 13 other children’s books artists illustrate their favorite foods and explain why they love them; Oasis by GuoJing, an exploration of how far AI technology can go, centering two children and one robot; Goodbye Spring, Hello Summer by Kenard Pak, Pak’s fourth book showcasing the wonders of the changing seasons; and The Garden Just Beyond by Lindsey Leavitt, following 14-year-old Maggie as she cooks her first dinner on her family’s New Jersey estate, where, thanks to an ancient agricultural secret, they harvest crops that purposefully alter emotions.
MACMILLAN/NEON SQUID
Neon Squid blasts off with How to Survive on the Moon: Lunar Lessons from a Rocket Scientist by Joalda Morancy, an illustrated guide to lunar survival timed to coincide with the 2025 NASA Artemis Moon landing; A Sick History of Medicine by Jelena Poleksic, delivering a revolting history of medicine through the ages full of blood, guts, and gore; and We Need to Talk About Divorce by Kate Scharff, in which therapist Scharff offers kid-centric guidance for the children of parents going through a divorce or separation.
MACMILLAN/ODD DOT
Odd Dot checkmates its opponent with Chess Club: The Winning Move by Rebecca Donnelly, centered on a group of friends in a chess club who use the lessons they’ve learned from the game to navigate middle school conflicts; Counting on Dad, illus. by Valentina Jaskina, a concept book that invites readers to count and celebrate all the fathers around them; and Disgustology by Teresa Robeson, illus. by Anna-Maria Jung, exploring the ultimate gross-out material: bodily fluids, parasites, diseases, poop, and more.
MACMILLAN/PRIDDY
Priddy Books keeps its eyes peeled for Little Lost Dinosaur by Roger Priddy, a novelty search-and-find title.
MACMILLAN/ROARING BROOK
Roaring Brook Press takes a bite out of spring with Shark Girl by Kate Beaton, about a half-human-half-shark bent on revenge after a greedy fishing captain messes with her waters; Boys with Sharp Teeth by Jenni Howell, a steamy YA debut about revenge, forbidden desires, and the sinister secrets lurking behind the walls of an elite boarding school; You’re the Winner! by Shannon Hale, illus. by Marcela Cespesdes, in which middle grader Cassie believes that a letter she receives from a magazine sweepstakes is the answer to all her problems; Vanya and the Wild Hunt by Sangu Mandanna, a tale inspired by Indian mythology and British folklore, about a neurodivergent girl, a mysterious school, and a world of magical creatures; and Wheetle by Cindy Derby, following a wagon who learns to set his own boundaries.
MACMILLAN/TOR/STARSCAPE
Starscape glitters with Abeni and the Kingdom of Gold by P. Djèlí Clark, the fantasy follow-up to Abeni’s Song, which finds Abeni and her friends captured and held prisoner by the Kingdom of the Gold Spinners; and Piper’s Story by W. Bruce Cameron, the latest Puppy Tale, starring a kitten with a big attitude.
MACMILLAN/TOR/TOR TEEN
Tor Teen casts a spring spell with Witchlight by Susan Dennard, the finale of the Witchlands series, in which Safi and Iseult—the legendary Cahr Awen—fight their way across the Witchlands to heal the final Origin Well; Chaos King by Kacen Callender, closing out the dark academia Infinity Alchemist duology; and A Fate So Cold by Amanda Foody and C. L. Herman, in which the two most powerful magicians in Alderland fall in love but learn they are destined to be deadly enemies.
MACMILLAN/WEDNESDAY
Wednesday Books plays it once more, with feeling, with Romantic Tragedies of a Drama King by Harry Trevaldwyn, in which a theater-loving teenager conquers the realities of romance to find his first boyfriend; Where Shadows Meet by Patrice Caldwell, about a young vampire who sacrifices everything and falls for the person who took it from her; Our Infinite Fates by Laura Steven, a fantastical love story that defies death as two souls reincarnate through the centuries; Rebel Witch by Kristen Ciccarelli, the conclusion to the Crimson Moth duology focused on a witch who must come to terms with a new dangerous ally and the witch hunter she’s fallen for; and Soul of Shadow by Emma Noyes, the story of a teenager who confronts grief while investigating the disappearance of her classmate in a world of magic and fate.
NOBROW/FLYING EYE
Flying Eye Books heads into the forest with Avery and the Fairy Circle by Rowan Kingsbury, featuring Avery, who stumbles into a magic fairy circle that makes her shrink; STEMville: The Fast Lane by Ben Newman, about two competing race teams who introduce the STEM concepts behind how a race car works; Hupo and the Wonder Thief by Billy Partridge, in which Hupo must bring wonder back to his home and rescue his friend Aletha when she’s captured by zombifying mists that have crept into town; Picopaco by Mocculere, the story of how loner bird Picopaco helps the other birds rebuild their homes after a storm; and Cosmo Comic by Madeleine Finlay, illus. by Tom Dearie, following science-hating Kara to the Universal Nature Reserve in a distant corner of space, where she learns all about astrophysics and cosmology, but must outwit the park’s nefarious owner.
NORTHSOUTH
NorthSouth Books adjusts its aviator goggles for Earhart: The Adventurous Flight of a Mouse Around the World by Torben Kuhlmann, trans. by David Henry Wilson, about a burrowing mouse inspired by Amelia Earhart to travel around the world; A Chest Full of Words by Rebecca Gugger and Simon Röthlisberger, trans. by Tim Mohr, in which Oscar finds a treasure chest full of words and discovers how fun it is to experiment with them; The Three-Year Tumble: Based on a Korean Folktale by Dayeon Auh, trans. by Tim Mohr, which finds a girl and her grandfather trying to gain the maximum good fortune promised in a Korean legend; Caterpillar Chryzzle by Andrew Bond, illus. by Julie Völk, introducing Worm, who believes his friend caterpillar is silly for thinking he might someday fly; and Little Cloud’s Big Dream by Ixtzel Arreola, illus. by Martina Liebig, following a cloud going through many changes as she grows from a tiny wisp to a raging storm.
NORTHSOUTH/EDICIONES NORTESUR
Ediciones NorteSur ushers in the season with Un tropezón de tres años: Basado en un cuento popular coreano by Dayeon Auh, trans. by María José Ferrada and Silke Kleeman; ¡Vamos a surfear! by Kwame Alexander, illus. by Daniel Miyares, trans. by Isabel C. Mendoza; Buenas noches, pequeño Pez Arcoíris by Marcus Pfister, trans. by David Bowles; and Hermanas, llueva o truene/Sisters, Rain or Shine by Nelly Buchet, illus. by Rachel Katstaller, trans. by Mariana Llanos.
NORTH STAR/JOLLY FISH
Jolly Fish Press opens its umbrella for Rain, Rain by Josh Banday, following a bored and grouchy child who escapes the torment of rainy-day errands by weaving a fantastic tale of adventure from within their little yellow raincoat; Racing the Clouds by Sydney Dunlap, in which 13-year-old Sage blames herself for the accident leading to her mother’s opioid addiction and hopes to fix what’s gone wrong by visiting her estranged grandparents; and A Swing for Samara by Nancy Carlson, the true story of how the students at Glen Lake Elementary in Hopkins, Minn., worked together to raise money for a completely accessible playground at their school.
NORTH STAR/FLUX
Flux runs the bases for Cope Field by T.L. Simpson, in which a teen baseball star who “has it all” grapples with an impossible choice: reveal his abuse at the hands of his MLB player-father or remain silent; and The Complex Art of Being Maisie Clark by Sabrina Kleckner, featuring 18-year-old Maisie, whose meet-ugly-turned-cute with a grumpy photographer challenges her views on art.
NORTON YOUNG READERS
Norton Young Readers selects a paintbrush for Mural Island by Katie Yamasaki, the story of a thoughtful teacher who introduces a doodle-happy child to a neighborhood where artistic expression—and its impermanence—is embraced; One Little Goat by Dara Horn, illus. by Theo Ellsworth, in which a quirky family’s search for the Afikomen results in a time-twisting, never-ending seder; and The Deadliest: Big Cat and The Deadliest: Spider, both by Eleanor Spicer Rice, illus. by Max Temescu, about apex predators and arachnids competing to be declared the deadliest of their kind.
NOSY CROW
Nosy Crow explodes onto the scene with Supa Nova by Chanté Timothy, first in a full-color graphic novel series about Nova, an ambitious young scientist with a secret lab whose attempts to solve the world’s trash problems go spectacularly awry; Roman Soldiers by Tegen Evans, illus. by Tom Froese, focused on the secrets and history of the Roman Army; Who Ate Steve? by Susannah Lloyd, illus. by Kate Hindley, featuring a big bird named Marcel and a small worm named Steve who keeps mysteriously disappearing; and This Little Duckling by Ingela P Arrhenius, first in a touch-and-feel board book series.
NUBEOCHO
NubeOcho bends it like Beckham for Martina the Soccer Star by Susanna Isern, illus. by Marta Moreno, in which Martina ditches the unorganized and discriminatory team at school to form a new team with her soccer friends from the park; The Treasure of the Dinosaurs by Alicia Acosta and Mónica Carretero, following Little Captain Jack and his crew on a journey in search of legendary dinosaur treasure; and Pee and Poo: The Do’s and Don’ts to Avoid Mishaps by Susanna Isern and Mar Ferrero, presenting a look at bathroom habits and etiquette.
ORCA
Orca makes room for No Huddles for Heloise by Deborah Kerbel, illus. by Udayana Lugo, starring an introverted penguin who wants to keep her personal space; The Friendship Guide by Jillian Roberts, illus. by Andrea Armstrong, outlining central ideas on how to be the best friend you can be; Finding Harmony by Eric Walters, in which 13-year-old Harmony’s move back home after being in foster care is threatened by her mother’s struggles with addiction and alcoholism; Game Changers by Charlene Smith, illus. by Natalya Tariq, introducing 13 athletes who compete in their sport while wearing the hijab; and Dreaming Alongside by Monique Gray Smith, illus. by Nicole Neidhardt, following Dragonfly as they visit the places in our lives that give rise to brilliant dreams for the future—from the construction site, where we dream of being builders, to our garden, where we envision growing food and medicine.
OWLKIDS
Owlkids tries spring on for size with I Need Pants! by Susan Sweet, illus. by Cailin Doherty, about a fish who wants to wear clothes; Hugs Are (Not) for Everybody by Ella Russell, illus. by Udayana Lugo, exploring inclusive ways to express friendship and love and offering lessons on consent and respecting personal boundaries; What If Marty Doesn’t Like My Party? by Katie Arthur, the story of a boy who is worried about inviting a new friend to his birthday party; Otis & Peanut Find a Way by Naseem Hrab, illus. by Kelly Collier, featuring three stories focused on themes of friendship, grief, and belonging; and What Makes a Bird? by Megan Pomper, illus. by Mariah Hoekstra, a whimsical, inquiry-based meditation on why a bird is a bird.
PAGE STREET 
Page Street slips on a slicker for Willow Takes on the Weather by Rachel Noble, illus. by Annabel Tempest, the story of stubborn Willow, who is determined to push back Stormy Weather when it ruins her sunny day plans, until Wind, Clouds, and Rain show they have a playful side; Giraffe’s Book Is Missing a Story by DK Ryland, which finds Giraffe and friends inviting the reader to help them craft a story using teamwork and creativity; Why on Earth: An Alien Invasion Anthology, edited by Rossie Thor and Vania Stoyanova, following a crew of teen aliens on a rescue mission gone awry to retrieve their friend who is undercover as a Hollywood heartthrob; Camila Nuñez’s Year of Disasters by Miriam Zoila Pérez, in which a queer teen is forced to confront her fears about the future when a birthday tarot reading ominously predicts events that challenge her expectations for her romantic relationships, friendships, and home life; and Blood Moon by Britney S. Lewis, the story of an 18-year-old Black girl who is accepted into a university known for its legends about werewolves and vampires, only to find herself in the midst of an ancient, magical war.
PAW PRINTS
Paw Prints ties a string around its finger for Remember by Dac Trung Tran, following a boy in Vietnam whose mother has left for work early and left him a note of encouragement (with the refrain “Remember”) meant to guide him through his daily chores; Mama Wears a Hijab by Fifi Abu, an appreciation of mothers everywhere who wear a hijab; Dancing with Dante by Carina Ho and Jesse Byrd, illus. by Monica Paola Rodriguez, the second installment in the Mighty Mara series, in which Mara and new classmate Dante decide to perform their class report instead of write it; Art’s Art by Alliah Agostini, illus. by Paige A. Mason, about a boy who loves to make art and his menacing new puppy, named Art; and When a Book Begins by Alegra Dashielle, illus. by Daniella Alarcon, a series of quirky poems all beginning with the refrain “When a... begins....”
PEACHTREE
Peachtree ch-ch-ch-changes with Behold the Chameleon! by Suzanne Slade, illus. by Thomas Gonzalez, taking a look at the chameleon and its astonishing abilities; Mighty: The Story of an Oak Tree Ecosystem by Henry Cole, an exploration of the life cycle of a tree—across decades—and the other living things that depend upon it; Don’t Eat the Cleaners! Tiny Fish with a Big Job by Susan Stockdale, explaining how a network of larger ocean animals is washed by small fish and shrimp called cleaners at coral reef cleaning stations around the world; and This Book Bubbles Over by Nora Nickum, illus. by Robert Meganck, offering interesting facts about the numerous types of bubbles found in our world—in our food and our bath, in undersea volcanoes—and how they serve many purposes, including saving lives and solving medical and scientific mysteries.
PEACHTREE TEEN
Peachtree Teen hits rewind with The Underwood Tapes by Amanda DeWitt, focused on Grace, who spends the summer after her mother’s death transcribing audio tapes for a small Florida town’s historical society and strikes up an impossible conversation with a teen who went missing 30 years ago; Among Serpents by Marc J. Gregson, in which Conrad must prove his worth to all of the Skylands after being tormented by tragedies of war and by betrayal from his own family; and A Feast for the Eyes by Alex Crespo, following Shay and her girlfriend Lauren as they get into a fight over whether to go public with their relationship and awaken a beast known as the Watcher who feeds on secrets.
PEACHTREE/QUINLIN
Margaret Quinlin Books plans a garden stakeout for The Great Pollinator Count by Susan Richmond, illus. by Stephanie Fizer Coleman, in which Mellie joins other Science Club members for the Great Pollinator Count and discovers the value of teamwork in community science; and The Peanut Man by Carmen Agra Deedy, illus. by Raúl Colón, the story of a young Cuban refugee and her joy in an unexpected encounter at a baseball game that connects her beloved home in Havana with her new home in Atlanta.
PENGUIN/DIAL
Dial just keeps swimming with Don’t Trust Fish by Neil Sharpton, illus. by Dan Santat, a humorous picture book about the villainy of fish; A World Worth Saving by Kyle Lukoff, in which a trans kid learns just how powerful he can be in the face of dangers both natural and supernatural; Little Bird Laila by Kelly Yang, illus. by Xindi Yan, the story of a Chinese American girl who translates for her immigrant parents and experiences the joys and struggles of learning a new language; A Catalog of Burnt Objects by Shana Youngdahl, centering a young woman struggling to figure out her estranged brother, a new love, and her own life just as wildfires beset her small California town; and Nellie’s Big Splash by Cori Doerrfeld, which finds a tiny sea turtle working up the courage to jump into the scary ocean waves.
PENGUIN/DUTTON
Dutton plays things close to the vest with Max in the Land of Lies: A Tale of World War II by Adam Gidwitz, the follow-up to Max in the House of Spies, in which Max returns home to Berlin as a British spy; Mountain Upside Down by Sara Ryan, about a girl from a small Oregon town who uncovers family secrets while coping with her grandmother’s cognitive decline; I Am the Cage by Allison Sweet Grant, the story of a young woman confronting the emotional alienation of childhood treatments to “fix” her disability; and Candle Island by Lauren Wolk, which finds Lucretia and her mother making a fresh start on ruggedly beautiful Candle Island, Maine.
PENGUIN/FLAMINGO
Flamingo is hooked on phonics with It Started with a P by Brittany Pomales, illus. by Andrew Joyner, about a young king who has a nightmare the night before his birthday party that something beginning with a P would ruin it, so he bans everything P-related from the kingdom; Piggle the Pig: Party Problems, written and illustrated by Dudolf, in which a well-intentioned pig makes a gigantic mess when attempting to clean his house for his parents; Proper Badger Would Never Trash the Classroom by Lauren Glattly, illus. by Rob Sayegh Jr., the tale of a badger who mistakenly spends the day in a kindergarten classroom, where he wreaks havoc; Flat Cat: The Class Pet by Tara Lazar, illus. by Pete Oswald, following a cat who can change from being from flat to fluffy as he acts as his neighbor’s show-and-tell assignment; and Iris Shines by Stacy Ebert, introducing a boisterous girl with dreams of being a star who has to reckon with sharing the spotlight with her equally talented brother.
PENGUIN/GROSSET & DUNLAP
Grosset & Dunlap can’t sleep with The Night Before Earth Day by Natasha Wing, illus. by Amy Wummer, in which a neighborhood begins to work together to make the world a better place by creating a community garden, planting trees, and preparing to release butterflies on Earth Day; The ABCs of Spring by Jill Howarth, pairing seasonal art with the letters of the alphabet; Grossology: The Science of Really Gross Things by Sylvia Branzei, illus. by Jack Keely, a commemorative edition of the guide to all things gross, covering everything from barf to farts to scabs; 96 Facts About the G.O.A.T. Athletes by Arie Kaplan, illus. by Risa Rodil, spotlighting the greatest athletes of all time from baseball, football, basketball, soccer, tennis, and golf; and Father’s Day, Here I Come! by D.J. Steinberg, illus. by Laurie Stansfield, collecting poems that cover all the best ways to celebrate Dad and embrace the fun of his special day.
PENGUIN/KOKILA
Kokila skates to the kiss and cry for On Thin Ice by Jessica Kim, following fraternal twins, one a figure skater and one a hockey player, who partner to compete for the gold; Our Lake by Angie Kang, in which two grieving brothers visit the lake that their father used to take them to; Mistaco by Eliza Kinkz, about a girl and her abuelo who make tortillas and learn to embrace their mistakes; Vaisakhi in My New Home by Simran Jeet Singh, illus. by Japneet Kaur, featuring a girl looking for points of connection in a new country through the joyous Sikh spring harvest holiday of Vaisakhi; and Glitch Girl! by Rainie Oet, the story of a young trans person who uses a videogame to process an ADHD diagnosis, the isolation of middle school, and their relationship to their gender.
PENGUIN/PAULSEN
Nancy Paulsen Books breezes into spring with Wind Watchers by Micha Archer, which finds a family of children experiencing and reacting to the wind’s ever-changing nature throughout the seasons; Brothers by Derrick Barnes, illus. by Shamar Knight-Justice, celebrating a boy’s close relationship with his older brother and his excitement when he becomes a big brother himself; Into the Rapids by Ann Braden, the story of an introverted girl who thrives on being self-sufficient but discovers that sometimes it’s good to ask for help; Faepocalypse by Amanda Joy, in which a Black teen fae hunter battles bloodthirsty fae who’ve broken through the Gate separating their world from ours and unexpectedly finds herself falling for the enemy; and Octopus Moon by Bobbie Pyron, a novel in verse about a girl struggling with depression when she starts fifth grade amid a sea of changes.
PENGUIN/PENGUIN WORKSHOP
Penguin Workshop heads for the sandlot with A Little Slugger’s Guide to the Unwritten Rules of Baseball... and Life by Patrick Renna, illus. by Tommy Parker, offering practical and humorous advice; Kat & Brandy by Katherine Schwarzenegger Pratt, illus. by Petra Brown, focused on the powerful connection between animals and humans and the enduring friendships that can change a child’s life; Maxwell Dark: Nightmare Hunter #1 by Brady Smith, which finds Maxwell Dark on a mission to help his fellow kids hunt down and defeat their worst nightmares; Tales from Beyond the Rainbow by Pete Jordi Wood, adapting 10 classic fairy tales from around the world to feature LGBTQ+ narratives and heroes; and Whale Eyes by James Robinson, illus. by Brian Rea, told through a mix of intimate anecdotes and interactive visuals, designed to immerse readers in the author’s point of view, allowing them to see the world through his disabling eye condition.
PENGUIN/PHILOMEL
Philomel sizes up the season with Little Freddie Two Pants by Drew Daywalt, illus. by Lucy Ruth Cummins, starring a dog who can’t seem to figure out how many pants to wear, and where on his body to wear them; Little Troublemaker Defends Her Name by Luvvie Ajayi Jones, illus. by Joey Spiotto, in which Little Luvvie learns how to stand up for herself against a bully who makes fun of her name; Ai and Aiko and the Little Curve by Peter Draw, following Ai and his dog as they search for the perfect little curve to add to Ai’s self-portrait; Rosie Frost: Ice on Fire by Geri Halliwell-Horner, which finds Rosie uncovering even more secrets about her past when she saves her island from a fresh threat; and Perla and the Pirate by Isabel Allende, illus. by Sandy Rodríguez, the tale of Perla the mighty dog who recruits an unlikely ally, a teenage boy in a band called the Pirates, after her beloved human, Nico Rico, goes missing.
PENGUIN/PUTNAM
Putnam lets go with The Freedom of Falling by Arriel Vinson, about a teen girl who finds first love at her local skate rink just as news hits of its permanent closing due to the rapid gentrifying of her Indianapolis neighborhood; The Otherwhere Post by Emily J. Taylor, a dark fantasy about a deadly mystery that spans worlds and a teenage girl who must risk everything to uncover the truth; Very Dangerous Things by Lauren Muñoz, in which a murder mystery game turns into a real investigation when the boy playing the victim turns up dead; Home by Matt de la Peña, illustrated by Loren Long, a picture book ode to the places we feel most comfortable, loved, and protected—wherever that might be; and Zebra and Yak’s Z to A Alphabet Book by Paul Friedrich, following Zebra and Yak’s backwards journey through the alphabet on a quest to find their friend Apple, who has gone missing.
PENGUIN/RISE X PENGUIN WORKSHOP
Rise X Penguin Workshop is in first position for This Is Ballet: and other classical dances by Rekha S. Rajan, illus. by Chris Park, providing an inclusive look at ballet and other dances from around the world; My First Shabbat Shalom by Suzy Ultman, focused on the Jewish day of rest; When Tree Became a Tree by Rob Hodgson, depicting the life cycle of a tree; and Let’s Rumble! by Rachel Payne, illus. by Jose Pimienta, a humorous portrait of healthy rough-and-tumble play among three siblings.
PENGUIN/ROCKY POND
Rocky Pond gets turned around with The Flip Side by Jason Walz, in which a teenager finds himself trapped in an alienating upside-down world after the death of his best friend; Next To by Daniel Salmieri and Sophia Haas, featuring a child who notices all the fascinating everyday things in his neighborhood as he walks home with his mother; This Is a Moment by Micah Player, a visual exploration of all the large and small instants that make up a meaningful life; Lawrence & Sophia: Big & Bold by Doreen Cronin, illus. by Brian Cronin, about a friendship that’s tested when one of the two friends starts spending time with somebody new; and Hazel Is All That by Chad Otis, the story of a girl who realizes something important about emotions while observing the dogs in the park.
PENGUIN/VIKING
Viking blurs the lines with The Enemy’s Daughter by Anne Blankman, in which a young survivor of the Lusitania must hide her German identity from the Irish girl who takes her in while she tries to find a way back home; Say a Little Prayer by Jenna Voris, about a bisexual teen who rebels against her church camp by committing each of the seven deadly sins; The Notorious Virtues by Alwyn Hamilton, a thriller featuring an heiress who must unravel a dangerous mystery while competing with her cousins in the magical competition of a lifetime; and Papilio by Ben Clanton, Andrew Chou Musser, and Corey R. Tabor, a story told in three parts by three creators, about an exuberant caterpillar that moves through the stages of metamorphosis and transforms into a butterfly.
PENGUIN/WORLD OF ERIC CARLE
World of Eric Carle expands with the following titles by Eric Carle: The Very Hungry Caterpillar’s Vegetable Garden; Why Does the Wind Blow? Weather with The Very Hungry Caterpillar; The Very Hungry Caterpillar’s Jungle Hide and Seek; You’re My Busy Little Spider; and The Very Hungry Caterpillar’s Animal Colors 
PIXEL+INK
Pixel+Ink is out of this world with Extraterrestrial Zoo 1: Finding The Lost One by Samantha van Leer, kicking off the adventures of 13-year-old Ava, keeper of a zoo for Extraterrestrial Living Beings; Sky & Ty 2: Dinomite! by Steve Breen, in which Cowgirl Sky and her T-rex best friend Ty help a long-lost relative learn to soar; Barker’s Doghouse 1: Fetch! by Maria Bea Alfano, following Gio Barker, who eats a dog biscuit by mistake and can suddenly talk to the canines at his mother’s doggy daycare; and Gamers 1: A New Challenger by E.C. Myers, about a group of junior high kids who bond over gaming and form an e-sports team at their school.
PJ PUBLISHING
PJ Publishing celebrates spring with Time for Hamantaschen by Madelyn Rosenberg, illus. by Raaya Karas, showcasing children preparing, baking, and sharing hamantaschen for Purim; One, Two, Three, Passover! by Naomi Shulman, illus. by Nora Hilb, in which a girl and her family ready the house, welcome relatives, and sing together at a joyful seder; Sam and Charlie (and Sam Too!) Shake Up Shabbat by Leslie Kimmelman, illus. by Mike Deas, following Sam and Charlie (and their younger siblings, Sam Too and Leo) as they sing, dress up, draw, repair the world... and, of course, rest on Shabbat; Next Year in the White House by Rich Michelson, illus. by E.B. Lewis, co-published with Random House imprint Crown Books for Young Readers, about the historic Passover seder of former president Barack Obama’s 2008 campaign trail—and how it sparked the first official White House seder; and Uno, Dos, Tres: A Sephardic Counting Book by Sarah Aroeste, illus. by Nathalie Belhassen, pairing papercut images of oil candles, hand drums, biskochos, and other Sephardic symbols with simple Ladino counting.
PRINTERS ROW/SILVER DOLPHIN
Silver Dolphin takes center stage with Have You Heard of Beyonce?, illus. by Una Woods, which includes interactive flaps and wheels for readers to help iconic singer Beyonce get ready for a performance; The Story of Taylor Swift, illus. by Lindsay Sagar, a rhyming book about Swift’s rise to stardom; You’re My Little Sweet Pea by Nicola Edwards, illus. by Natalie Marshall, celebrating a parent’s love for their child; Touch and Trace Nursery Rhymes: Itsy Bitsy Spider Finger Puppet Book, illus. by Emily Bannister, showcasing the classic nursery rhyme in a new format; and Don’t Wake the Bear! by Maggie Fischer, illus. by Julia Seal, which finds the forest animals trying not to wake a hibernating bear.  
PRINTERS ROW/STUDIO FUN INTERNATIONAL
Studio Fun International slings a fall web with the following licensed novelty titles: Marvel: Spidey and His Amazing Friends: Dino Webs! by Steve Behling; PAW Patrol: Heroes Unleashed!; Rubble and Crew: Rubble is Ready!; and Disney Mickey: Lucky Mouse by Grace Baranowski.
QUARTO/LINCOLN 
Frances Lincoln Children’s Books rides a wave with An Ocean Full of Stories by Angela McAllister, compiling 50 tales, all inspired by the deep blue sea; Only Monster by Matt Coyne, a celebration of family diversity, featuring an only monster who learns it’s OK that she doesn’t have siblings like the other monster kids; Bear-Shaped Hole by John Dougherty, illus. by Thomas Dougherty, telling a tale that explores death, grief, sorrow, and pain, designed to reassure and help support children; So Devin Wore a Skirt by Shireen Lalji, illus. by Alice Courtley, in which Devin wears his sister’s red skirt to Nanabapa’s birthday party; and Nelly the Very Different Bird by Alex Macdonald, about a flightless bird who eventually finds another bird like her, and they are happy being different together.  
QUARTO/HAPPY YAK
Happy Yak consults the blueprints for I’m Building a Nest by Adam Ming, in which a bird narrator provides information about how various animals build their homes; A Mouse Just Ate My House! by Kes Grey, starring a very nonchalant, very hungry mouse who stops at nothing; Puddle & Lettuce: The Treehouse by Ilaria Ranauro, following very different best pals Puddle (a frog) and Lettuce (a snail) as they build a treehouse together; Torla and Smorla: The Deeper than Average Hole by Kes Grey, featuring the adventures of two giraffes, one of whom is taller than average and the other of whom is smaller; and Earth’s Biggest Show-Offs by Andy Seed, an exploration of the most amazing natural wonders found across our planet.
QUARTO/HOLLER
Holler takes to the pitch for Girls with Goals by Clelia Castro-Malaspina, telling the story of women’s soccer’s rise from its humble beginnings in 19th-century Britain to the bans, challenges, laws, and victories that have propelled it to the global phenomenon it is today.
QUARTO/IVY KIDS ECO
Ivy Kids Eco tills the soil for The Best Garden in the World by Alice Courtley, which celebrates diversity and shows that “best” is a matter of perspective. 
QUARTO/QUARRY
Quarry Books brings class outdoors with Nature School: In the Garden by Stephanie Hathaway, Laura Giordano, and Laura Stroup, containing lessons and activities designed to inspire children to grow their own food, attract pollinators, and care for the earth.
QUARTO/WIDE EYED EDITIONS
Wide Eyed Editions starts a new field notebook for Dig! by Ruth Hatfield, a nonfiction guide to archaeology that proves that when it comes to ancient history, there’s more than meets the eye; Surviving Vesuvius by Christopher Harrisson, which describes the various stages of the famous eruption, and details how the history of Pompeii was later uncovered by archeologists; Small World by Nick Crumpton, taking readers on a tour of the world’s smallest creatures; Bold, Brilliant and Latine by Sol Cotti, spotlighting 52 Latine and Hispanic heroes; and Only in California (Spanish Edition) by Heather Alexander, first in a series of state guides.
QUARTO/WORDS & PICTURES
words & pictures flies a rainbow flag for Pride, offering an educational exploration of Pride month and Pride festivals around the world; What’s the Actually Factually Difference? by Jane Wilsher, illus. by Liz Kay, a hair-splitting encyclopedia, based on the question, ‘What’s the difference between....?’; Don’t Squish a Slug by Yussef Rafik, which contains facts about bugs and minibeasts and the role they play in our world; My Mom by Susan Quinn, illus. by Sarah Mathew, a celebration of motherhood in all forms; and One World Many Animals by Ben Lerwil, which explores the wonders of the animal kingdom with a wide lens, including such topics as biodiversity, conservation, and habitat loss.  
QUIRK
Quirk Books looks in the mirror with Growing into You!: An Inclusive, Shame-Busting, Get-Real Guide to Your Changing Body and Mind by Melissa Pintor Carnagey, an interactive guide to puberty and changing bodies by the founder of Sex Positive Families; The Secrets of Underhill by Kali Wallace, in which an 11-year-old arborist’s apprentice fights to save an ancient grove of magical trees that hold the key to her community’s survival; and Zoomi and Zoe and the Tricky Turnaround and Zoomi and Zoe and the Sibling Situation by Corey Ann Haydu, illus. by Anne Appert, launching a series starring Zoomi, a monster, and Zoe, her human friend.
RANDOM HOUSE BOOKS FOR YOUNG READERS
Random House leaves a key under the mat for Book Comes Home by Rob Sanders, illus. by Micah Player, exploring book banning from the book’s point of view; Cats in Construction Hats by Sudipta Bardhan-Quallen, illus. by Leeza Hernandez, showcasing colorful cats in workwear hats building a house; Snow White and the Dragon (or, Sleeping Beauty and the Seven Dwarfs) by Kim Bussing, in which Rose and Princess Snow—better known as Sleeping Beauty and Snow White—find themselves in each other’s story, but with problems that are all too familiar; It’s All or Nothing, Vale by Andrea Beatriz Arango, the story of a girl who finds her way back to her life’s passion after a life-changing accident; and Immortal the Blood by Molly X. Chang, the dark romantasy tale of a young woman who finds herself caught between two princes, her own brewing power, and the fact that love alone may not stop the coming war.
RANDOM HOUSE GRAPHIC
Random House Graphic is in key with A Song for You and I by K. O’Neill, in which Rowan is eager to be a ranger, protecting their village alongside their trusted flying horse Kes; Halfway to Somewhere by Jose Pimienta, focused on Ave, who struggles with the language and other barriers after moving from Mexico to Kansas when they learn their parents are separating; Brielle and Bear by Salomey Doku, a “Beauty and the Beast” retelling starring first-year university students Brielle and Bear; Pizza and Taco: Draw Your Own Comic by Stephen Shaskan, which finds characters Pizza and Taco teaching readers all about the components of comics and graphic novels; and A Hillside Valley Graphic Novel: Speak Up, Santiago by Julio Anta, illus. by Gabi Mendez, following New York City kid Santiago during his summer spent with Abuela in Hillside Valley, where everyone but him speaks Spanish well.
RANDOM HOUSE STUDIO
Random House Studio sways with A Forest Song by Kirsten Hall, illus. by Evan Turk, a cento poem reimagining classic lines of poetry from Robert Frost, Mary Oliver, and others, inviting readers to experience a forest with all their senses; The Lonely Goose by Lela Nargi, illus. by Anne Hunter, which follows the lives of a pair of Canada geese as they perform their courtship rituals, raise nests full of chicks, and migrate with the seasons, until one goose has to brave the world alone; The Jade Bracelet by Hà Dinh, illus. by Yong Ling Kang, in which newly arrived immigrant Tien is embarrassed by the plain jade bracelet she wears as a symbol of her Vietnamese heritage when the girls at school show off their shiny new bracelets; Grumpy Monkey Mom for a Day by Suzanne Lang, illus. by Max Lang, about Jim Panzee’s efforts to babysit the little animals in the jungle; and Alfred Blooms by Carrie Kruck, illus. by Carmen Mok, which finds shy Alfred literally blooming with flowers all over him when he wants to befriend the girl whose garden is filled with kids.
RANDOM HOUSE/BRIGHT MATTER
Bright Matter Books hurls into spring with The Big Book of Barf by Vicky Lorencen, illus. by Remy Simard, a reference book that spans barf-related information focused on human biology and etymology, and includes life hacks and activities; An Immense World (Young Readers Edition) by Ed Yong, exploring the various ways that animals see, hear, and feel the world; Eve (Adapted for Young Adults) by Cat Bohannon, telling the story of how the female body gave rise to our species and forever shaped life on Earth; and Climate Is Just the Start by Mikaela Loach, a guide to tackling the climate crisis from a prominent activist working on the front lines of the issue.
RANDOM HOUSE/CROWN
Crown runs barefoot with The Summer I Remembered Everything by Catherine Con Morse, following an Asian Latine teen’s summer gig as a companion to a chic elderly woman with a failing memory; A Bird in the Air Means We Can Still Breathe by Mahogany L. Browne, a collection of interconnected prose, poems, and stories featuring teen characters, their families, and their communities during the pandemic; Down on the Bayou with Grandpa by Glenda Armand, illus. by Alleanna Harris, in which a boy learns about the flora and fauna, legends, and history of the Louisiana bayou while on a boat ride with his grandfather; We’re Different… and It’s Totally Cool! by Camey Yeh, which celebrates everyone’s uniqueness and the ways we are sort of the same—by being different; My Mother, The Mermaid Chaser by Jamie Jo Hoang, a companion book to My Father, The Panda Killer, featuring two narrators: Paul, a teen on a family trip to Vietnam looking for a connection to his absent mother, and his mother, who is attempting to survive as a Vietnamese refugee and eventually build a new life in America.
RANDOM HOUSE/DELACORTE
Delacorte Press shakes things up with Snowglobe 2 by Soyoung Park, trans. by Joungmin Lee Comfort, continuing the dystopian tale begun in Snowglobe, as the temperature rises and the truth at the center of Chobahm’s frozen world will be revealed; It’s Watching by Lindsay Currie, the story of three kids who must discover who—or what—is terrorizing them after receiving an ominous meme on Halloween night; Kill Creatures by Rory Power, in which one of Nan’s three best friends who disappeared in the canyons near their small town a year ago comes back, and Nan can’t believe it... because she’s the one who killed them; Every Borrowed Beat by Erin Stewart, about a girl who receives the heart transplant she’s been waiting for and now needs to learn how to live fully with her new heart; and Girls of Dark Divine by E.V. Woods, a gothic fantasy debut featuring a troupe of hauntingly beautiful girls who have been cursed to perform like marionettes until they turn to dust.
RANDOM HOUSE/DELACORTE ROMANCE
Delacorte Romance hurries along with While We’re Young by K.L. Walther, following four friends whose hearts are broken and mended over the course of an epic senior skip day in Philadelphia; Love Points to You by Alice Lin, which finds driven, practical Lynda Fan and her rich, arrogant classmate, Angela Wu, in a rivals-to-lovers romance; Better Than Revenge by Kasie West, in which a girl devises a revenge scheme after her football-playing boyfriend nabs the podcast gig she wanted; All’s Fair in Love and Field Hockey by Kit Rosewater, introducing Evelyn, who just might deviate from her prep school gameplan—which includes playing field hockey goalie and dating the perfect guy—when Rosa crashes into her life; and Dating and Dragons by Kristy Boyce, following the romantic dynamics at play when Quinn joins a D&D group after moving to a new high school.
RANDOM HOUSE/DR. SEUSS
Dr. Seuss Publishing reserves a campsite for Oh the National Parks You Can Visit! by Bonnie Wort, illus. by Aristides Ruiz, in which the Lorax leads a tour through 15 national parks; Dr. Seuss’s Hop on Pop Sound Book by Dr. Seuss, adding 12 silly sounds to this Beginner Book title; Mr. Brown on the Farm with Dr. Seuss Babies, illus. by Erik Doescher, introducing a baby version of Mr. Brown (complete with tiny mustache and pacifier) as he visits a farm; We Are the Sneetches, illus. by Tom Brannon, a board book adaptation of the classic picture book; and Gertrude Gish on a Dish on a Fish by Sarah Hwang, introducing Gertrude Gish, a character who can balance on anything, much to the chagrin of her family and friends.
RANDOM HOUSE/DOUBLEDAY
Doubleday needs more caffeine for The Baby Who Stayed Awake Forever by Sandra Salsbury, showcasing the uncanny ability of babies to not fall asleep; My Dad Is a Unicorn! and My Mom Is a Mermaid! by Bill Canterbury, illus. by Jeff Harter, the initial entries in the My Life Is Weird! series, introducing Unicorn Dad who fixes math homework with glitter and has a day job battling trolls and goblins, and Mermaid Mom who sings whale songs and tells corny fish jokes; Over in the Garden by Janna Matthies, illus. by Tisha Lee, a counting book based on the folk song “Over in the Meadow”; and Family: A Peek-Through Picture Book by Britta Teckentrup, providing an up-close look at animal families via peek-through holes.
RANDOM HOUSE/GOLDEN 
Golden Books sticks its neck out for My Little Golden Book About Giraffes by Bonnie Bader, illus. by Steph Laberis, presenting facts about the world’s tallest land animal; My Little Golden Book About Pride by Kyle Lukoff, illus. by Michelle Jing Chan, an introduction to the history of Pride and the rainbow flag, featuring scenes of diverse people and families celebrating one another; and the following additions to the A Little Golden Book Biography series: Selena by Maria Correa, illus. by Mirelle Ortega; Michelle Yeoh by Angela Song, illus. by Irene Chan; and Harrison Ford by Kim Korson, illus. by Tim Jessell.
RANDOM HOUSE/JOY REVOLUTION
Joy Revolution takes center stage with Marisol Acts the Part by Elle Gonzalez Rose, a sapphic Latine romcom in which a teen actor lands a role on the same high-profile show as her ex-boyfriend and then falls for his co-star; Lady Knight by Amalie Howard, following Lady Zenobia Osborn, the privileged daughter of a duke in Regency-era London, who decides to carve her own path but finds that her feelings for her older brother’s best friend are throwing her slightly off course; and Love Craves Cardamom by Aashna Avachat, about an aspiring art museum curator whose plan for a boy-free semester while studying abroad in India fails when she accidentally falls for a secret prince.
RANDOM HOUSE/KNOPF
Knopf sets an extra place with The Gathering Table by Antwan Eady, illus. by London Ladd, featuring a family as they celebrate special occasions throughout the year standing around a table in their backyard where food, relationships, and Gullah Geechee connect; Crack Goes the Cascarón: An Eggcellent Not-Just-for-Easter Shellabration! by Sara Andrea Fajardo, illus. by Rocío Arreola Mendoza, a bilingual title spotlighting the Latine tradition of cascarones, cracking confetti-filled eggs on someone’s head for good luck; The Library of Unruly Treasures by Jeanne Birdsall, the story of a girl who finds herself an unlikely hero when she stumbles upon a big secret about little creatures; Somadina by Akwaeke Emezi, following a teen girl in a magical West African world who must save her missing twin while learning to navigate her own terrifying new powers; and A Forgery of Fate by Elizabeth Lim, in which a young art forger with enemies on both sides of the law agrees to a marriage contract with a mysterious dragon lord, becoming entangled in a web of divine assassinations, romance, and intrigue in the process.
RANDOM HOUSE/LABYRINTH ROAD
Labyrinth Road checks the fire extinguisher for The Dragon’s Apprentice by James Riley, in which a 12-year-old girl strikes a deal with the ancient, cranky dragon she accidentally summoned to teach her the magic she needs to save her mother from the tyrant terrorizing their town; True Life in Uncanny Valley by Deb Caletti, focused on Eleanor, who is catapulted into an entirely foreign and often disturbing world of money and ego when she tries to find out more about her estranged father, a tech genius; Bones at the Crossroads by LaDarrion Williams, the sequel to Blood at the Root, which finds Malik attempting to find his way in the magical world amid new threats and challenges now at Caiman University; A Home for Unusual Monsters by Shaun David Hutchinson, the story of a girl who has spent her life in disguise working for a secret paranormal agency and tackles a mission that uncovers lies and surprises; and Farrah Noorzad and the Realm of Nightmares by Deeba Zargarpur, following half-jinn Farrah as she returns to her father’s world, grappling with a troubling prophecy, new dangers to the City of Jewels, and the ongoing mystery of Idris’s past, all while the fire jinn Azar continues to whisper in her ear.
RANDOM HOUSE/MAKE ME A WORLD
Make Me a World joins hands for Together We Remember by Jackie Morera, illus. by Violeta Encarnación, which finds Gisele and Papi doing Mami’s favorite thing—creating new stories and memories—on their first Father’s Day without Mami around; and Lucha of the Forgotten Spring by Tehlor Kay Mejia, the conclusion of the queer romantasy duology featuring Lucha Moya, who is back in Robado to settle unfinished business.  
RANDOM HOUSE/RODALE KIDS
Rodale Kids greets spring with ABCs of Kindness at Easter by Patricia Hegarty, illus. by Summer Macon, in which chicks, lambs, and other animals help readers learn the alphabet in a board book where every letter is a lesson in being kind.
RANDOM HOUSE/SCHWARTZ
Anne Schwartz Books looks back with Death in the Jungle: Murder, Betrayal, and the Lost Dream of Jonestown by Candace Fleming, a narrative nonfiction work focused on Jim Jones and his notorious Peoples Temple; Rose Weaves a Garden by Rashin Kheiriyeh, about a grandfather who teaches his granddaughter to weave a beautiful rug; and The Littlest Drop by Sascha Alper, illus. by Jerry and Brian Pinkney, a fable featuring Jerry Pinkney’s final artwork, in which a tiny hummingbird helps to save her forest from a fire, reminding us that we all have the power to change the world.
RED COMET
Red Comet Press swims upstream with Salmon Run by Annie Chen, showcasing the life cycle of salmon; A Surprise in the Wood by Cosetta Zanotti, illus. by Lucia Scuderi, in which Mama and Papa Bear’s adopted child arrives and it takes the forest animals a while to accept the new “cub”; My Book of Firsts by Lee Wardlaw, illus. by Bruno Brogna, a poetry collection focused on first experiences and milestones; Downpour by Yuko Ohnar, illus. by Koshiro Hata, in which a boy relishes the experience of a summer rainstorm; and Traveling Tacos: The Amazing Journey of Your Favorite Foods by Mia Wenjen, illus. by Kimberlie Clinthorne-Wong, exploring the often surprising history behind popular foods from around the world.   
RED COMET/LITTLE COMET
Little Comet wears shades for I Shine Like the Sun by Alice Alderman, a book of daily affirmations for very young children, featuring a mirror on the back cover.
RUNNING PRESS KIDS
Running Press Kids blows on the dice for Roll for Love by M.K. England, a sapphic second-chance romance about two teens finding the courage to be themselves and falling in love with each other in the fantasy world of Dungeons & Dragons and in real life; The Invisible Wild by Nikki Van De Car, about a Hawaiian girl who must save the woods that serve as a door between two worlds; Make Your Own Rainbow: A Drag Queen’s Guide to Color by Lil Miss Hot Mess, illus. by Olga de Dios, spotlighting a vibrant cast of drag queen characters who empower young readers to embrace who they are; Catching Cryptids: The Scientific Search for Mysterious Creatures by Kim Long, a STEM-based, fun fact-filled cryptozoology book; and Being Bruja: A Young Mystic’s Guide by Zayda Rivera, focused on introducing the history and practice of Brujería to curious young mystics.
SCHOLASTIC PRESS
Scholastic Press heats things up with El Niño by Pam Muñoz Ryan, an aquatic adventure-mystery incorporating myth and magical realism; I Am Made of Death by Kelly Andrew, in which college dropout Thomas is hired as an interpreter for Vivienne, an heiress who exclusively signs, since she discovered that the sound of her voice is fatal to anyone who hears it; Right Back at You by Carolyn Mackler, in which a boy named Mason who lives in the year 2023 gets a letter from a girl named Talia living in the year 1987, sparking a friendship that will transcend time and space; Wash Day Love by Tanisia Moore, illus. by Raissa Figueroa, an ode to hair positivity, self-love, and family traditions featuring three generations of Black women as they spend the day washing each other’s hair; and Baa Haa by Audrey Perrott, illus. by Ross Burach, starring Babette, a fun-loving sheep whose natural propensity for laughter sometimes causes problems.
SCHOLASTIC EN ESPAÑOL 
Scholastic en Español waves “hola” to Spanish language release Hombre Perro: El despeluzado escarlata by Dav Pilkey.
SCHOLASTIC EARLY LEARNERS
Scholastic Early Learners interprets spring with My First Sign Language Book, introducing 40 first signs for babies and toddlers with gatefold flaps; My Busy Shark Book and Other Ocean Creatures, spotlighting sea creatures in a novelty format; and I Look, I Touch, a sensory-filled oversized board book that includes and names various types of touch sensation, from soft to bumpy.
SCHOLASTIC FOCUS
Scholastic Focus will get to Scotland afore ye with Is It Real? Loch Ness Monster by Candace Fleming, which brings readers along on an investigation of the enduring mystery of the legendary creature, demonstrating the scientific method and research skills; and Fighter in the Woods: The True Story of a Jewish Girl Who Joined the Partisans in World War II by Joshua M. Greene, spotlighting Celia Kassow, a Jewish girl in Nazi-occupied Poland who narrowly escapes deportation and joins up with the partisans in the forest, where she refuses to be put on kitchen duty and instead learns to fight on horseback.
SCHOLASTIC PAPERBACKS
Scholastic Paperbacks hangs out on the Lido deck with Cruise Life #1: Queen Of The Sea by Reese Eschmann, in which Caitlin’s father gets a new job on the fanciest, most fun, family-friendly cruise line—and he’s bringing his kids along; Game Quest #1: Player vs. Player featuring a Minecraft-style video game world, and the real world of elementary school where friendships will be tested, courage will be discovered, and teamwork will always win; Identikill #1 by K.R. Alexander, the story of what happens when one girl’s life is inextricably linked to that of her dead twin—who refuses to go away, and wants to take control; Far-Fetched by Lisa Papademetriou, in which Lizzie’s mother thinks she should take an emotional support dog to school to help with her anxiety; and Outfoxed by Elise McMullen-Ciotti, following Skye, who rescues a baby fox injured by a trap, and sets off to find the poacher.
SCHOLASTIC/AFK
AFK adjusts its headset for Five Nights of Freddy’s: Out of the Pit—An Interactive Game Book in which readers decide what happens, choosing from more than 50 different endings, in the classic Five Nights at Freddy’s story Into the Pit; and Pet Simulator: Twin Tales of Teamwork, following Whiskers the Cat, Ruffles the Dog, and Penny the Unicorn as they try to solve the Riddle of Rainbow Ravine and win the Great Pet Race.
SCHOLASTIC/BRANCHES
Branches unrolls its sleeping bag for the following illustrated early chapter books: Lucky Mermaid Sleepover (The Party Diaries #5) by Mitali Banerjee Ruths, illus. by Aaliya Jaleel; Search for the Silver Shell (Coral Keepers #1) by Robin Yardi, illus. by Paul Kellam; Bite of the Kaba Lagoon (Kwame’s Magic Quest #3) by Bernard Mensah, illus. by Natasha Nayo; Disaster Squad #4: Tornado Rescue by Rekha S. Rajan, illus. by Courtney Lovett; and Night of the Dream Dragon (Dragon Masters #28) by Tracey West, illus. by Matt Loveridge.
SCHOLASTIC/CARTWHEEL
Cartwheel blows kisses for See You Soon Raccoon! by Sandra Magsamen, which includes an embedded soft raccoon tail and a comforting message of love for those times spent apart; My Moms Love Me by Anna Membrino, illus. by Joy Hwang Ruiz, shining a spotlight on a family with two mothers; Meli’s Día de los Muertos by Lilibeth Jimenez, in which Meli prepares a festive Dia de los Muertos celebration for beloved family members who live on in her heart; Silly Witch by Magsamen, a Halloween joke collection that includes a witch with her silly feet embedded on the top of the book; and I Spy Things That Go photographed by Walter Wick, challenging readers to spot trucks, trains, and other favorite things that go.
SCHOLASTIC/CHICKEN HOUSE
Chicken House tosses and turns with A Better Nightmare by Megan Freeman, centering on a group of teens crusading against a cognitive disease called the Grimm that has affected young people across the country, landing them in designated schools to learn how to control their sickness; and All the Hidden Monsters by Amie Jordan, first in a crime series telling the story of Lucy, who is dead, and Sage, who is determined to sniff out her killer.
SCHOLASTIC/GRAPHIX
Graphix wishes it was a little bit taller for Wish I Was a Baller by Amar Shah and Rashad Doucet, spotlighting Shah, an aspiring sports journalist (and basketball superfan) covering NBA teams, while surviving high school, dealing with crushes, and friendships troubled by jealousy; Sea Legs by Jules Bakes and Niki Smith, a graphic memoir about Janey and her family who live aboard their sailboat and travel the Caribbean; Speechless by Aron Nels Steinke, about a girl who struggles with selective mutism who must find her voice when she learns that her ex-best friend-turned-worst-enemy will be living with her indefinitely; Parachute Kids 2: Family Drama by Betty Tang, in which the Lin siblings have settled into their new lives as undocumented immigrants living on their own when a cousin visits from Taiwan and upends everything; and Fresh Start by Gale Galligan, in which Ollie has to figure out how to make friends when her nomadic family has bought a house so she can finish grade school in one place. 
SCHOLASTIC/ORCHARD
Orchard bubbles over with Becoming Boba by Joanna Ho and Amber Ren, about a young boba tea who learns about the surprising history of Milk Tea Town; Little Big Man by Varian Johnson, illus. by Reggie Brown, in which a boy must learn to be a “little big man” while his father is away at work; Hop Helps Out by Marc Brown, with Peter Hirsch and Tolon Brown, introducing a frog named Hop and his friends; Duckie & Snaps by Ame Dyckman, illus. by Tim Miller, which finds an exuberant duckling and a cautious crocodile hatchling successfully navigating friendship, the jungle, and more—to their own surprise; and Spooky Shark by Mike Lowery, featuring a goofy shark and his best crab friend as they get ready for a spooky celebration.  
SECOND STORY
Second Story Press finds a good perch with Like a Bird by Becky Citra, in which a teen adapts to life on a remote ranch only to have her new normal threatened by fast-spreading wildfires; The Fabulous Edweena by Edwin Dumont, illus. by Melissa Cho, which finds Edwin ready to reveal his drag persona Edweena, whom he has never revealed to anyone outside of his loving Ojibway family, at his school’s skating competition; The Warmest Blanket in the World by Tamara Levine, illus. by Ellie Arscott, following Frida, who wants to keep her beloved, activist great-grandmother warm by getting her a blanket made from Qiviut (muskox) yarn, the warmest wool in the world; Every Little Bit Olive Tran by Phuong Truong, illus. by Christine Wei, first in a chapter book series starring almost-10-year-old Olive Tran as she questions her safety when she witnesses racism toward her Asian community; and Year of the Carrot by Madeleine S. Hart, a middle grade mystery featuring Leo as she defends her family’s farm by protecting her father’s special carrot seeds from spies.
SIMON & SCHUSTER
Simon & Schuster hits the slopes with Spy Ski School the Graphic Novel by Stuart Gibbs, illus. by Anjan Sarkar, following kid spy Ben Ripley as he enrolls in ski school; The Storm Singer by Sarwat Chadda, about a girl with the magical power to control the elements with her song; All Better Now by Neal Shusterman, set in a world where happiness becomes contagious and three teens get caught in the conspiracy by the powers that be to bring back discontent; Oathbound by Tracy Deonn, the third installment in the contemporary fantasy world of Legendborn, which blends Southern Black girl magic with secret societies and the legend of King Arthur; and Bird of a Thousand Stories by Kiyash Monsef, which finds Marjan traveling around the globe in search of a mythical bird in terrible danger, whose fate could determine the future of the world. 
SIMON & SCHUSTER/ALADDIN
Aladdin crosses its heart for The Secrets of Lovelace Academy by Marie Benedict and Courtney Sheinmel, following young Lainey as she is plucked from a London orphanage to begin attending Lovelace Academy, a boarding school with ivy-covered walls that hide more secrets than Lainey can even imagine; A Study in Secrets by Debbi Michiko Florence, in which 12-year-old Meg is pulled into a mysterious treasure hunt at her new boarding school and must learn to work with her new classmates, who all have secrets of their own; London Calling by James Ponti, which finds the team of agents on a dramatic mission through Rome, Istanbul, and ultimately their new home base in London; Away by Megan E. Freeman, a companion to Alone, telling the multiple POV story of four kids who meet in an evacuation camp in Colorado and begin investigating the mysterious threat that forced the large-scale evacuation; and River of Spirits by Shana Targosz, about a girl who gets lost in the Underworld, caught between the realm of the Living and the realm of the Dead.
SIMON & SCHUSTER/ATHENEUM
Atheneum goes spelunking with Stalactite & Stalagmite: A Big Tale from a Little Cave by Drew Beckmeyer, about two little cave rock formations that witness the entire history of the world; Please Pay Attention by Jamie Sumner, featuring a girl with cerebral palsy who, after a school shooting, must navigate loss, grief, and the aftermath of trauma in a world that wasn’t built for her; Game On! by Kelly Leigh Miller, in which Cloud Puppy and her friends explore video games and friendship; Beetle & the Chimera Carnival by Aliza Layne, following Beetle and her pals as they attend a carnival full of great dragons and magic... but something sinister is at play behind the scenes; and Oddity Woods by Kay Davault, in which a kid detective finds herself in eerily enchanted woods full of otherworldly creatures as she follows the clues to her missing father. 
SIMON & SCHUSTER/ATHENEUM/DLOUHY
Caitlyn Dlouhy Books sparks the season with Vape (working title) by Cynthia Kadohata, following a teen boy who thinks his vaping habit is harmless until it becomes a crippling addiction; Little Mosque in My Heart (working title) by Ahmad Abdullah, the story of a gay teen who has to choose between being true to himself or his faith, and his realization that maybe those two things aren’t as separate as he thought; eXpets 2 by Mark Tatulli, which finds the crew taking on the fearsome and the adorable KittyKahKah; and Tell (working title) by Frances O’Roark Dowell, in which two cousins are hauled onto a road trip by their feisty grandmother, who is determined to introduce them to who their fathers—both of whom were lost to war—really were. 
SIMON & SCHUSTER/BEACH LANE
Beach Lane Books wades into the season with Beach Day by Ame Dyckman, illus. by Mark Teague, following roommates Bat, Cat, and Rat on a trip to the beach in three-and-a-half sweet and silly stories; Hap-Pea Easter by Keith Baker, a holiday turn for the peas; Where the Deer Slip Through by Katey Howes, illus. by Beth Krommes, featuring the wildlife and wonder on a farm and in the surrounding woods; Can’t Stop Kissing That Baby by K.L. Going, illus. by Fiona Lee, a day-in-the-life celebration of families and their new little ones; and Poo Pile on the Prairie by Amy Hevron, exploring the tiny and important habitats that form in the piles of poo left by the bison of the Great Plains.
SIMON & SCHUSTER/LITTLE SIMON
Little Simon tiptoes through the season with Spring Blooms by Dori Elys, illus. by Fiona Dulieu, a board book with shaped sliding tabs that showcases the wonders of springtime; Chicka Chicka I Love Mom and Chicka Chicka I Love Dad by Bill Martin Jr. and John Archambault, illus. by Julien Chung, two alphabet books focusing on what makes mothers and fathers great; and Lost and Found in the City by Cam Higgins, illus. by Allison Steinfeld, launching the Ratnip early chapter book series featuring a rat in the big city.
SIMON & SCHUSTER/MCELDERRY
Margaret K. McElderry Books leads a pep rally for School Spirited by F.T. Lukens, following Cam, who has an unexpected vision about the murder of a teen girl and must juggle newfound interest from the supernatural community and prevent the murder from happening; A Burning in the Bones by Scott Reintgen, the conclusion to the Waxways series in which Ren’s quest to dismantle Kathor’s corrupt system comes to a head; Swan Song (working title) by A.B. Poranek, in which Odile must steal a young woman’s identity to infiltrate the palace and restore magic to her kingdom, but is soon embroiled in a murder investigation; Bear Feels Sad by Karma Wilson, illus. by Jan Chapman, the story of how Bear finds a way to beat a lonely day when his friends all have other plans; and Fluffy McWhiskers Crunchazaur Kaboom by Stephen W. Martin, illus. by Dan Tavis, starring kitten Fluffy McWhiskers and her pal Potato on the case to save the world from a Crunchazaur that is determined to eat everything in sight.
SIMON & SCHUSTER/MILLNER
Denene Millner Books takes a seat for Blue Velvet Chair by Rio Cortez, illus. by Aaron Marin, in which a child observes the city’s changes throughout the year from their favorite spot in their apartment; At Night, They Danced by Victoria Scott-Miller, illus. by Toni D. Chambers, in which Langston and Emerson investigate what is going on with their parents’ date night; Bold Words from Black Men: Insights and Reflections from 50 Notable Trailblazers Who Influenced the World by Tamara Pizzoli, illus. by Ngabo D. Cesar, presenting advice from inspirational Black men throughout history; and A Century for Caroline by Kaija Langley, illus. by TeMika Grooms, which finds Great Grandma Caroline on her 100th birthday celebrating all the things that make life worth living. 
SIMON & SCHUSTER/MTV BOOKS
MTV Books walks down the aisle with Till Death by Kellan McDaniel, a gay YA romantic horror novel.
SIMON & SCHUSTER/SIMON SPOTLIGHT
Simon Spotlight twinkles with A Fairy Finds Her Song (Ready-to-Read Level 1) by Bea Jackson, joining the magical Fairies Welcome series; and Worst Wish Ever! by Wanda Coven, illus. by Anna Abramskaya, in which Heidi discovers a magical wishing well at her school.
SIMON & SCHUSTER/WISEMAN
Paula Wiseman Books waits at the stop for Trusty Bus by Eizabeth Verdick, illus. by Jeff Harter, about a bustling school bus and driver duo who take care of their beloved riders each day; Bitsy Bat, Team Star by Kaz Windness, in which Bitsy meets a new nonspeaking student at school and learns the importance of being a star teammate and friend; Aggie and the Ghost by Matthew Forsythe, the story of Aggie, who was very excited to live on her own—until she found out her house was haunted; This Moment Is Special (working title) by John Parra, following a boy who is mindful of all the moments of his day, both large and small, as he prepares for a Day of the Dead celebration; and Not a Spot to Spot: The True Story of Kipekee, the Giraffe Born Without Spots by Elizabeth Verdick, illus. by Zoe Waring, spotlighting the rare, reticulated giraffe born without spots at a Tennessee zoo and how she captured hearts around the world.
SLEEPING BEAR
Sleeping Bear Press plants a spring list with Pine Cone Regrown: How One Species Thrives After Fire by Elisa Boxer, illus. by Kevin and Kristen Howdeshell, following a lodgepole pine cone that waits, high among the branches, for fire that will loosen its seeds, starting life anew from the ashes; Oh Deer! by Phaea Crede, illus. by Erica J. Chen, in which a loner sasquatch’s turnip garden is besieged by deer, as he tries more and more wacky ways to keep his crops safe; Brave Old Blue by Colleen Muske, illus. by Christopher Thornock, the story of Old Blue, who arrives at a horse rescue farm, unsure and alone, hoping to find a forever home; No One Told Sandra What to Do by Molly Golden, illus. by Julia Breckenreid, chronicling the challenges faced by Sandra Day O’Connor on her pathway to the bench as the first female justice of the Supreme Court; and Yasi and Mina’s Pomegranate Tree by Nikoo Yahyazadeh, illus. by Serineh Eliasian, about friends living through the war in Tehran who must come to terms with parting as one leaves the city for America.
SOHO TEEN
Soho Teen gets magical with Sunlight Playing Over a Mountain by Selina Li Bi, in which a Chinese Filipino teenager lives in a world of daydreams with her eccentric mother, until that world is threatened by family secrets; and This Side of Falling by Eunice Chan, in which Chinese American teen Nina tries to maintain her family’s wholesome, successful image after her boyfriend dies by suicide, even though grief is eating away at her.
SOURCEBOOKS YOUNG READERS
Sourcebooks Young Readers contests the will for The Last Great Heir by Carina Finn, about the female heirs of two opposing families preparing to duel for who will rule their land for the next generation; and Isle of Ever by Jen Calonita, in which 12-year-old Everly learns she’s the heir to a fortune, but to receive her inheritance has to play—and win—a game following clues that her ancestor left.
SOURCEBOOKS/BLOOM
Bloom Books lowers the volume for Tell Me Softly by Mercedes Ron, in which Kamila Hamilton thought she had everything under control until the Di Bianco brothers return and turn her world upside down.
SOURCEBOOKS/CALLISTO
Callisto Kids plans a device-free dinner for Social Skills for Teens with Anxiety by Emily Davenport, a guide to help teens build confidence, overcome social anxiety, and connect with others; and Why We Celebrate Earth Day by Kelly Anne McLellan, which explains the history, traditions, and customs of Earth Day, and includes activities that encourage kids to celebrate at home or in their communities.
SOURCEBOOKS/DUOPRESS
Duopress pitches a tent for My First Book of Camping by Stephanie Puglisi and Jeremy Puglisi, illus. by Ekaterina Trukhan, introducing babies and toddlers to the joys and benefits of outdoor activities; Juneteenth Alphabet by Andrea Underwood Petifer, illus. by Ana Latese, where readers can find moments of joy and inspiration as they learn about the origins and traditions of this day of freedom; and Bebé ama a Mamá/Baby Loves Mom by Teresa Martinez, illus. by Chela de la Vega, a bilingual celebration of the special bond between babies and their mothers.
SOURCEBOOKS EXPLORE
Sourcebooks Explore knows looks are deceiving with Cute Animals That Could Kill You Dead by Brooke Hartman, illus. by Maria Garcia, exploring the science behind cute but deadly animals; Down Syndrome Out Loud by Melissa Hart, illus. by Maria Perera, a collection of stories about people with Down Syndrome who have shown the world what’s possible for them and changed assumptions about the disability; and Digging for Dinosaurs by June Smalls, illus. by Grace Habib, in which readers can go digging for dinosaurs by lifting flaps on every spread.
SOURCEBOOKS FIRE
Sourcebooks Fire cuts the line at Murder Land by Carlyn Greenwald, in which a teen ride operator must prove her innocence when a coworker mysteriously dies on her ride during the preview night of a new theme park; Everything I Promised You by Katy Upperman, following Lia as she navigates her senior year without her soulmate, and considers the possibility of falling in love again; The Payback Girls by Alex Travis, in which the school’s basketball star is assaulted and left for dead and his three jilted exes are the prime suspects; The Golden Reign (working title) by Michelle Jabès Corpora, launching a series about a princess, a priestess, a farmer’s daughter, and a tomb robber, united by a forgotten oracle when the pharaoh’s death leaves the throne up for grabs; and an as-yet-untitled novel by K.L. Walther, which finds Madeline hoping to bond with her future sister-in-law via a Bachelorette-inspired dating scheme to find her perfect wedding date.
SOURCEBOOKS JABBERWOCKY
Sourcebooks Jabberwocky chomps and stomps through spring with Dinosaur Day by Diane Murray, illus. by Luke Flowers, in which baby dinos are tempted to try silly singing, rowdy swimming, and yummy desserts to celebrate Dinosaur Day; and How to Surprise Humans by Lucas Klauss, illus. by Mike Moran, in which T-rex Surprise Dinosaur doesn’t understand why people run away screaming whenever he leaps out yelling, “Surprise!”
SOURCEBOOKS WONDERLAND
Sourcebooks Wonderland is up to the challenge with How to Catch a Bad Guy by Alice Walstead, illus. by Andy Elkerton, in which the How to Catch kids face off against a Bad Guy who has fallen out of a movie the kids are watching and tries to steal their net; I Love My Daddy This Much! by Sesame Workshop and Erin Guendelsberger, illus. by Barry Goldberg, which finds Elmo and the Sesame Street friends celebrating fathers and how much they are loved; and Elmo’s Day at the Beach by Sesame Workshop, illus. by Goldberg, featuring Elmo and Sesame Street friends as they set out to build a sandcastle.
TIGER TALES
Tiger Tales starts spring in style with Mister Norton’s New Hat by Huw Lewis Jones, illus. by Corey Egbert, a cumulative tale in which a mouse makes a house in Mr. Norton’s hat, and with each passing day, Mister Norton discovers more and more animals have moved in with him; Snarky Sharky by Bethan Clarke, illus. by Nikolas Ilic, featuring a character who wonders: could he be any greater?; Our Tree by Jessica Meserve, following Little Red Squirrel, who believes he’s discovered a beautiful tree for himself, but soon realizes there are many other animals living there already; The Tortosaurus by Katie Cottle, which finds anxious Dot using her pet tortoise to make friends at her new school; and Changing Tides by Júlia Moscardó, the story of two young siblings in a blended family learning to trust each other and work together while building a sandcastle on vacation.
TILBURY HOUSE
Tilbury House hatches a spring list with Salamander Song by Ginny Niel, illus. by Charli Vince, following a classroom of students and their teacher as they prepare to usher newly awakened salamanders to safety during the first Salamander Rain of spring; Paloma and the Red Carpet by Carme Lemniscates, about an immigrant girl who finds refuge at a group home after conflict; and Kisses Are Invisible, author Dee Romito, illus. by Jennifer White, in which Teddy’s mother lets him know that the constants in life are often invisible, like wind and music and love. 
TUNDRA
Tundra Books rattles around with A Skeleton in the Closet by Claire Hatcher-Smith, a series starter featuring 12-year-old Mizzy, a girl with Down syndrome who wants to prove to the world that she can solve mysteries just like Sherlock Holmes, despite her reputation for telling tall tales; Words with Wings and Magic Things by Matthew Burgess, illus. by Doug Salati, showcasing poems that celebrate the power of words to awaken the imagination and alchemize the everyday;
The Great Dinosaur Sleepover by Linda Bailey, illus. by Joe Bluhm, in which a boy’s disappointing birthday party gets turned upside down with a blast from the prehistoric past; Bright Lights and Summer Nights by Shauntay Grant, illus. by Zach Manbeck, which finds Mother Moon casting a soothing spell to settle a little star baby who won’t go to sleep on a hot summer night; and Tiny Bean’s Big Adventures by Stephanie Graegin, following tiny hedgehog Bean on her everyday adventures with Grandma hedgehog and her favorite stuffy, Clem.
TYNDALE HOUSE
Tyndale House is down on the farm for Easter in the Barnyard by Dandi Danley Mackall, following a bunch of barnyard animals as they celebrate the Risen King with a parade of clanging cowbells, clomping hooves, and celebratory squawks; Let’s Go! Bible Adventures by Valerie Ellis, which tells Bible stories and contrasts biblical-era transportation with contemporary vehicles; When It Hurts: Comforting Promises for Hard Times by Emily Assell, containing Bible verse affirmations to comfort and guide children through tough times; R Is for Risen by Crystal Bowman and Teri McKinley, a rhyming ABC Easter story that takes kids on a journey from Palm Sunday to the Resurrection to the Great Commission; and The Sacred Scales by Bryan Davis, first in the Dragons of Camelot series, set in the world of Arthurian legend.
UNION SQUARE & CO./UNION SQUARE KIDS
Union Square Kids twitches its nose with Me & Other Bunnies by Mo Willems, in which a cast of bunnies explore personal identity in a clever play of pronouns; Catty Corner: Lands on Her Feet by Julie Murphy, illus. by Eve Farb, a chapter book series launch introducing readers to a big-hearted girl who happens to be half-cat; Come Home to My Heart by Riley Redgate, a devastating and ultimately hopeful sapphic YA romance about losing home and finding it again in another person; “It’s Go Time!” by Hamish Steele, about a middle grade boy with autism named Toby who longs to fight the giant monsters who plague the city and gains real superpowers, but struggles with interpersonal connection and family relationships; and The Beat I Drum by Dusti Bowling, the standalone story of Connor, a side character from the Life of a Cactus duology.
UNIVERSITY OF MINNESOTA PRESS
University of Minnesota Press soaks in the season with One Spring Up North by John Owens, a wordless picture book following a family’s journey north as they explore the coming of a new season paddling and portaging through the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness.
USBORNE
Usborne upgrades its motherboard with See Inside Artificial Intelligence by Alex Frith and Victoria Williams, illus. by Beatrix Hatcher, providing a futuristic look at intelligent machines and how they are changing our world—with lots of flaps to lift; Very First Questions and Answers: Why do I (sometimes) worry? by Katie Daynes, illus. by Amy Willcox, which ponders: where do our worries come from? Are they ever useful? And what can we do about them?; That’s Not My Farm by Fiona Watt, illus. by Rachel Wells, featuring tactile pages and sound buttons in an exploration of a noisy farm; and Mommies Love Hugs by Lara Bryan, illus. by Asa Gilland, and Daddies Love Hugs by Anna Milbourne, illus. by Gilland, taking a look at how hugs can help with all kinds of feelings, and make you feel loved.
WATTPAD WEBTOON/WATTPAD BOOKS
Wattpad practices for the season with Playin’ Hard by Whitney Grandison, a YA romance featuring two Black leads: a male star athlete who clashes with his tough, no-nonsense female classmate; The Trial Period by Autumn Morrow, in which two girls who can’t stand each other agree to date for 30 days to fix their bad dating habits; and Belle Morte: Changes by Bella Higgin, the fourth and final installment in the YA paranormal romance series that sees humans and vampires battling for their way of life.
WATTPAD WEBTOON/WEBTOON UNSCROLLED
WEBTOON Unscrolled plays the odds with The Kiss Bet by Ingrid Ochoa, about a teen girl who’s challenged to secure her first kiss; Morgana and Oz Vol. 2 by Miyuli, second in the YA fantasy graphic novel series that is Romeo and Juliet if Romeo were a vampire and Juliet were a witch; Your Throne Vol. 2 by SAM, centering a powerful noblewoman who has to rewrite her revenge plan when she wakes up in the body of her sworn rival; True Beauty Vol. 6 by Yaongyi, following the story of a high schooler who sees her social standing skyrocket when she masters the art of makeup from online videos; and Cursed Princess Club Vol. 5 by LambCat, the story of a young royal named Gwendolyn trying to find her place in a world obsessed with princes, beauty, and happily-ever-afters.
WHAT ON EARTH 
What on Earth Books goes visiting with Marvelous Animal Homes by Jane Wisher, illus. by Laurie Avon, showcasing a broad range of animal homes and habitats in which readers will be able to spot hidden details using a “Magic Lens”; The Greatest Stuff on Earth by Steve Tomecek, illus. by John Devolle, taking a closer look at the stuff of our world, from atoms and elements and light, to water and soil and DNA, to buildings and books and smartphones; Epic FACTopia! by Rose Davidson, illus. by Andy Smith, featuring 400 facts about daredevils, death-defying stunts, world records, wacky weather, extreme sports, unusual animals, and much more—all of which are connected in fun and unexpected ways; and We Are All Animals by Christopher Lloyd and Ben Hoare, illus. by Mark Ruffle, revealing the extraordinary things that all animal bodies—including those of humans—have in common.
ALBERT WHITMAN
Albert Whitman hangs on every word with Here a Book, There a Book, Stories Everywhere You Look by Sue Fliess and Ann Marie Stephens, illus. by Alexandra Columbo, a rhyming celebration of books and reading; The Brightest Lantern by Hà Đinh, illus. by Tiffany Chen, in which a child crafts a special lantern with his father for the Vietnamese Moon Festival; Freedom at Dawn by Leah Schanke, illus. by Oboh Moses, the true story of Robert Smalls, an enslaved sailor who piloted a Confederate ship by night to reach freedom in the morning; After the Shelter by Brenda Reeves Sturgis, illus. by Amy Everson, about a child and her mother making the transition from living in a shelter to thriving in their own home; and Suka’s Farm by Frances and Ginger Park, illus. by Chen, centering an unlikely friendship between a Korean boy and a Japanese farmer, based on the authors’ family history.
WORKMAN
Workman Kids goes bananas with Just a Banana by Barney Salzberg, in which readers lift the flaps to reveal that what at first looked like just a banana is actually a toothy grin, a curious lizard, a boat out at sea, or....?; The ABCs of Women’s History by Rio Cortez, illus. by Lauren Semmer, centering the Black women, brown women, transwomen, and the disruptors who blazed a path forward for everyone; The Origami Kid: A Paper Folding Adventure by Robert McGuire, which combines origami and fiction in a modern retelling of the popular Japanese fable Momotaro (“The Peach Boy”), and includes instructions for folding seven origami models embedded throughout the story, and sheets of origami paper; Cluedle (Book 2): The Case of the Golden Pomegranate: 50 More Fiendishly Fun Mystery Puzzles by Hartigan Browne, a second installment of the Cluedle mystery puzzle book series; Count to Ten (and Back Again!): A FlipFlap Board Book, illus. by Hui Skipp, a counting book bound with two spines—one on each side—so the book opens out left and right.
ZANDO
Zando Young Readers tempts fate with These Vengeful Wishes by Vanessa Montalban, following a teen girl who discovers a mysterious well that can grant wishes with life and death repercussions; and Recommended Reading by Paul Coccia, a YA rom-com inspired by Emma in which a failed romantic gesture puts a damper on a queer teen bookseller’s summer of book matching and matchmaking, until a handsome lifeguard and romance skeptic walks into his bookstore.
ZANDO/SWEET JULY BOOKS
Sweet July Books savors the season with Honeysuckle and Bone by Trisha Tobias, the story of a teen girl who takes a nanny job on a rich Jamaican estate only to discover buried family secrets, a slow-burn romance, and that even paradise can be haunted.
Loading...
Password
Log In
Forgot Password



Log In
Forgot Password




New to PW? To set up immediate access, click here.

NOTE: If you had a previous PW subscription, click here to reactivate your immediate access. PW site license members have access to PW’s subscriber-only website content. If working at an office location and you are not "logged in", simply close and relaunch your preferred browser. For off-site access, click here. To find out more about PW’s site license subscription options, please email Mike Popalardo at: mike@nextstepsmarketing.com.
	

NOTE: If you had a previous PW subscription, click here to reactivate your immediate access. PW site license members have access to PW’s subscriber-only website content. If working at an office location and you are not "logged in", simply close and relaunch your preferred browser. For off-site access, click here. To find out more about PW’s site license subscription options, please email Mike Popalardo at: mike@nextstepsmarketing.com.
	

If you have questions, contact:

Email: PublishersWeekly@omeda.com

Call:1-800 -278-2991 (outside US/Canada, call +1-847-513-6135) 8:00 am - 4:30 pm, Monday-Friday (Central)
	

Email: PublishersWeekly@omeda.com

Call:1-800 -278-2991 (outside US/Canada, call +1-847-513-6135) 8:00 am - 4:30 pm, Monday-Friday (Central)
	

Call:1-800 -278-2991 (outside US/Canada, call +1-847-513-6135) 8:00 am - 4:30 pm, Monday-Friday (Central)