The Emilia Pérez star knows how to turn a look.
Emilia Pérez’s Selena Gomez kept to her press tour’s signature black color palette at ELLE’s Women in Hollywood event in Los Angeles this evening, held in partnership with Ralph Lauren, Harry Winston, and TikTok. The honoree opted for a glamorous black Ralph Lauren suit accented with sparkling beads, and she styled her hair in a chic bob. 
On the carpet, Gomez posed with her co-stars and fellow Women in Hollywood honorees Zoe Saldaña and Karla Sofía Gascón. In their shared Women in Hollywood interview, she spoke about reading the script for Emilia Pérez for the first time. “It was one of those things that you read and thought, how on earth could this be made? It’s too crazy,” Gomez recalled. “It could be done in a bad way, but it was so exciting at the same time.”
She also spoke about what she wished she knew before getting into acting, especially as a former child star. “I have no regrets and I have a fantastic family and there were rules laid down by my parents and I’m appreciative of that. However, I don’t think I would’ve done it very young if I was thinking of myself now. There were a lot of things that I felt stunted by. Then adding a lot of pressure from a lot of people didn’t help me develop a sense of self in my twenties. It was a very difficult time. I live with it every day. I try my hardest to stay positive about everything and focus on things like this [movie] that really make me happy. But I would just say maybe wait and have a little bit of a life.”
Read Gomez’s full interview here.
TUNE IN TO ELLE’S WOMEN IN HOLLYWOOD EVENT ON TIKTOK
Cameron Diaz on What She Loves About Making Movies
Danielle Deadwyler ‘Dares Not to Forget’ 
Julianne Moore and Tilda Swinton Talk Friendship
Watch Mikey Madison’s Women in Hollywood Speech
Saoirse Ronan Feels Indebted to Greta Gerwig
Watch Demi Moore’s ELLE Women in Hollywood Speech
Emilia Pérez Stars Call for Women’s Freedom
A ‘Now and Then’ Reunion at Women in Hollywood
Tilda Swinton Wore a Tweed Look at ELLE’s Event
Demi Moore Looks Like a Queen in Ralph Lauren
Julianne Moore Stuns in a Timeless Red Dress
Karla Sofía Gascón Shines in a Sequin Column Gown
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.