We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
"I could have done more."
Zoe Saldaña has opened up about her performance as Gamora, saying she thinks she could have done "a better job".
Saldaña famously played the steely assassin in James Gunn's Guardians of the Galaxy trilogy, and appeared as the character in Avengers: Infinity War and Avengers: Endgame.
Despite her iconic portrayal, the actor has said she wishes she could go back and do things differently.
Related: Best streaming services in 2024 
"I wish I could go back and do a better job for Gamora and Uhura [in Star Trek]," she told Variety. "I think I did enough, but I could have done more. That’s just how I am."
More specifically, Saldaña said she would like to "reshoot what Gamora was going through in the Avengers movies" because she doesn't think she was "quite understanding" the Russo Brothers' overall vision for the character.
She continued: "They are excellent filmmakers and the opportunity they gave me was of a lifetime. To highlight Gamora in such a way in their films is something I’ll forever be grateful for. 
Related: First trailer for Selena Gomez's critically-acclaimed Netflix movie
"I wish that I could go back and redo it so that I can push a little harder, because it was such a great opportunity to play a daughter having issues with a dad. And whether or not she's having this opportunity to reconcile or to heal or to repair or simply just walk away from this person — that would have been a great opportunity had I been a little more aware of it back then." 
Earlier this year, Saldaña said it would be "a huge loss for Marvel if they didn't find a way to bring back the Guardians of the Galaxy" in some capacity, despite their story seemingly wrapping up with the third Guardians movie last year.
"I mean, so far, I think that she is [gone for good] for me, but I don't think Gamora has gone for good," she added.
Freelance Reporter, Digital Spy After completing her joint honours degree in Journalism and English Literature at Cardiff University, Iona joined Digital Spy as a Content Production Intern in 2022. In that role, Iona wrote across both news and features, specialising in TV and movies. Following her internship, Iona now contributes to DS as a freelance reporter. 
 Iona has reported from the Black Adam red carpet, and interviewed celebrities ranging from Love Island stars to the cast of Disney's live-action The Little Mermaid.
Electric State star likens character to Star-Lord
Dave Bautista rules out MCU return as Drax
Chris Pratt's new thriller gets delayed 
Dave Bautista's action flop becomes streaming hit
Prime Video quietly adds Dave Bautista's new movie
Doctor Who's Karen Gillan announces birth of baby
Pratt and Schwarzenegger welcome third child
Doctor Who star confirmed for Graham Norton Show
Doctor Who's Karen Gillan reveals pregnancy
What's happening in Marvel Phase 5?
Chris Pratt would “of course” join DCU
Will Guardians of the Galaxy 4 happen?
DIGITAL SPY, PART OF THE HEARST UK ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK
We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England. All Rights Reserved.