In this post we feature a news item from hottie Lindsey as the model & biz lady encourages the swimsuit adventures of Brittany Mahomes and inspires us the check pop culture, community news and top headlines.
Check TKC news gathering . . .
Courtesy photo For the students at Pawsperity, learning to clip dog hair is the key to finding economic stability. The nonprofit teaches pet grooming skills while also providing a net of social services to help people find their way until they can make their new trade a career.
The Jerusalem Farm Community Land Trust project has embarked on a mission to acquire, rehabilitate, and sell abandoned homes and vacant lots, with a...
A St. Louis marijuana company argues its employees are agriculture workers and aren't protected under the 1935 National Labor Relations Act.
Republicans say these bills are addressing election confidence. Opponents of the bill say they are voter suppression
Kansas City streets running east and west of Grand Blvd will be closed between Walnut & McGee from 6th St to Pershing Rd.
Model Lindsey Pelas said "f--k" those that hate on Brittany Mahomes for being named a 2024 Sports Illustrated Swimsuit rookie.
Biden decries Trump's comments on encouraging Russia to attack Nato allies as he gives speech to bolster support for Ukraine bill
The GOP frontrunner announced his picks for new Republican National Committee leadership on Monday night.
Fresh off the victory of passing $60 billion for Ukraine through the Senate with 70 votes, Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.) didn't waste any time in pressuring Speaker Mike Johnson (R-La.) to bring it up for a vote in the House. And he rejected Johnson's demand that the Senate accept tough border reforms to...
Officials are currently targeting late February or early March for Hur's testimony before the House Judiciary Committee, three people familiar with the matter said.
Descendants of the enslaved Black people who built St. Louis University, located in St. Louis, Missouri calculated that they were owed up to $74 billion in unpaid labor.
A Russian academic said the talk between the American journalist and Russian leader will have an affect on the Ukraine war.
Asian shares have gained in morning trading, as investors awaited an update on U.S. consumer inflation that might help set the Federal Reserve's policy on interest rates.
Some European countries say they have stalled arms exports to Israel amid growing consternation about the way it is waging war against Hamas in Gaza, while the United States Senate on Tuesday passed a $95 billion foreign aid package that includes further aid for Israel.
In 2023 China lost the top spot on the list of countries whose companies populate the Fortune Global 500 list, a position it had held since toppling the USA in 2019. Is this an inflection point or will the US (one core at the top) and China exchange the position as they struggle for global economic domination in the decades ahead?
Selena Gomez snuggles up with Benny Blanco in new PDA photos, and in one shot he's grabbing her breast.
Luke Dorris. // Courtesy photo In case you haven't seen the 8,664,001,399 promos that aired before/during/after last Sunday's big game, KCTV5 has a new chief meteorologist. (We swear he's scored more airtime than Taylor, Brittany, and Mama Kelce combined lately.) After a six-year stint forecasting in Southern Florida, Luke Dorris has traded hurricanes for tornadoes and golf shirts for parkas....
While Kansas City prepares for the Chiefs Champions Victory Parade on Feb. 14, many local businesses are also preparing for Valentine's Day.
Back in 2016 - when the Chiefs were still rebuilding from a franchise-worst season - Joe Brynds set sail with Commandeer Brand, aiming to carve a niche in the apparel industry by infusing pride and the rebellious spirit of counter-culture.
Heart-shaped messages of love are popping up on light poles along a one-mile stretch between the Englewood neighborhood and Independence Square. The public art project is creating good vibes in the Kansas City suburb to benefit the performing arts.
A beautiful Tuesday, up to 60 degrees with some light winds.
girl in red - Too Much is the song of the day and this is the OPEN THREAD for right now.
TKC COMMENT POLICY:Be percipient, be nice. Don't be a spammer. BE WELL!!!- The Management