By Jeremy Kay2024-09-15T18:33:00+01:00
Source: Courtesy of TIFF
The Life Of Chuck
Mike Flanagan’s The Life Of Chuck starring Tom Hiddleston is this year’s surprise winner of Toronto International Film Festival’s 2024 TIFF People’s Choice Award, a historically reliable bellwether of an Oscar nomination.
Over a sample pool of the last 15 years, all but one People’s Choice winner has gone on to garner a best picture Oscar nomination, and several – like 12 Years A Slave, Green Book and The King’s Speech – have won the top prize at the Academy Awards.
Yet The Life Of Chuck presents an anomaly – it currently lacks a US distributor. Buyers had been circling since the world premiere in Toronto and the question is, will someone snap it up and if so, can they turn it into a genuine awards season contender?
The generally well-reviewed adaptation of the Stephen King novella is described as a life-affirming three chapters in the life of an ordinary man. WME Independent and FilmNation represent North American and international sales, respectively.
Jacques Audiard’s Emilia Pérez starring the quartet of Cannes best actress winners Zoe Saldana, Karla Sofía Gascón, Selena Gomez, and Adriana Paz was the first runner-up and Sean Baker’s Palme d’Or winner Anora was second runner-up.
Coralie Fargeat’s The Substance starring Demi Moore won the TIFF People’s Choice Midnight Madness Award, and Mike Downie’s The Tragically Hip: No Dress Rehearsal earned documentary honours. All features and series in TIFF’s official selection were eligible for the awards, presented by Rogers.
Full list of TIFF winners: 
People’s Choice AwardThe Life Of Chuck (USA), dir. Mike Flanagan
First runner-up: Emilia Pérez (Fr-USA-Mex), dir. Jacques AudiardSecond runner-up: Anora (USA), dir. Sean Baker
People’s Choice Midnight Madness AwardThe Substance (UK-USA-Fr), dir. Coralie Fargeat
First runner-up: Dead Talents Society (Tai), dir. John HsuSecond runner-up: Friendship (USA), dir. Andrew DeYoung
People’s Choice Documentary AwardThe Tragically Hip: No Dress Rehearsal (Can), dir. Mike Downie
First runner-up: Will & Harper (USA), dir. Josh GreenbaumSecond runner-up: Your Tomorrow (Can), dir. Ali Weinstein
Short Cuts Award for Best International FilmDeck 5B (Swe), dir. Malin Ingrid Johansson
Honourable Mention: Quota (Neth), dirs. Job Roggeveen, Joris Oprins, Marieke Blaauw
Short Cuts Award for Best Canadian FilmAre You Scared To Be Yourself Because You Think That You Might Fail? (Can), dir. Bec Pecaut 
Mother Mother (Som), dir. K’naan Warsame
Presented by the Network for the Promotion of Asian Pacific Cinema recognising films from the Asian and Pacific regions.
The Last Of The Sea Women (USA), dir. Sue Kim
Returning after a hiatus since 2019, the renamed award celebrates a first or second feature by an emerging filmmaker who contribute to enriching the Canadian film landscape. The winner receives a C$10,000 cash prize. 
Universal Language (Can), dir. Matthew Rankin
Honourable Mention: You Are Not Alone (Can), dirs. Marie-Hélène Viens, Philippe Lupien
All Canadian feature films in Official Selection excluding first or second features were considered. The winning filmmaker receives a C$10,000 cash prize.
Shepherds (Can), dir. Sophie Deraspe
The winner receives a C$20,000 cash prize.
They Will Be Dust (Sp-It-Swi), dir. Carlos Marques-Marcet
Honourable Mention:  Daughter’s Daughter (Tai), dir. Huang Xi
On Sunday 8 the followingw ere honoured during the TIFF 2024 Tribute Awards:

2025-05-03T11:30:00Z
By Michael Rosser

The extended version of Anselm Chan’s ‘The Last Dance’ also picked up two awards.

2025-05-03T08:17:00Z
By Ben Dalton

Bookmark this page to keep track of all the latest festival dates.

2025-05-02T12:00:00Z
By Jeremy Kay

EXCLUSIVE: Lloyd Lee Choi’s feature debut is based on his Cannes short ‘Same Old’.

2025-05-03T08:17:00Z
By Ben Dalton

Bookmark this page and keep track of the latest film release dates in the UK & Ireland.

2025-05-02T23:32:00Z
By Jeremy Kay

EXCLUSIVE: Horror comedy filmed in Detroit. The Coven to continue sales in Cannes.

2025-05-02T22:56:00Z
By Jeremy Kay

Principal photography scheduled for later this year.
Screen International is the essential resource for the international film industry. Subscribe now for monthly editions, awards season weeklies, access to the Screen International archive and supplements including Stars of Tomorrow and World of Locations.
Site powered by Webvision Cloud