By KATE DENNETT FOR DAILY MAIL AUSTRALIA 
 Published:  03:39, 16 March 2024   |  Updated:  04:13, 16 March 2024   
 4
View  comments
Cooper Johns has dropped a subtle hint that he might be heading into the jungle for the 2024 series of I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Australia.
The former NRL star, 24, recently revealed his major career switch as he stepped away from the field and joined KIIS FM's The Kyle & Jackie O Show.
Now, he has added fuel to rumours that he will be entering the South African jungle for the 2024 series of I'm A Celebrity, set to kick off on March 24.
Though the official line-up is yet to be confirmed, he hinted that he might be joining the show in a video shared to The Kyle & Jackie O Show's Instagram on Saturday.
The former rugby league halfback was seen pouring himself a glass of Absolut Vodka, as his colleague remarked that it was only 7am.
Cooper Johns has dropped a subtle hint that he might be heading into the jungle for the 2024 series of I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Australia
Flashing a huge grin, Cooper cheekily replied: 'Not in the jungle it isn't!'
The official I'm A Celebrity Australia Instagram account was also tagged in the post as Cooper did little to quell the rumours.
Speculation has been rife about who will be among the 2024 I'm A Celebrity line-up, with the Network 10 show dropping a series of huge hints on Instagram.
The network has shared a series of posts teasing the identities of the celebrities set to jet off to South Africa, with fans sharing their theories in response.
Most recently, I'm A Celebrity hinted that a Hollywood child star and a 'TV love rat' will be among the line-up.
Cooper added fuel to the rumours he will be joining the cast as he poured himself a drink, with his colleague remarking that it was only 7am, prompting him to reply: 'Not in the jungle it isn't!'
In response to the hint about a Hollywood child star, many hoped it would be Selena Gomez, Jojo Siwa, Kyle Richards or Kim Richards.
Giving their theories on who the TV love rat is, some fans were convinced that it is none other than Shannon Noll.
Chrishell Stause also recently dropped a huge hint she is heading to the jungle to join the cast.
The Selling Sunset star, 42, who is married to Australian drummer G Flip, is rumoured to be the 'controversial TV star' teased to be among the line-up for the new series.
She responded to the speculation online, dropping a hint that eager fans' theories might be correct.
The former NRL star, 24, recently revealed his major career switch as he stepped away from the field and joined KIIS FM's The Kyle & Jackie O Show
Chrishell Stause also recently dropped a huge hint she is heading to the jungle, as she commented a side-eye emoji on a post theorising that she will be among the cast
Chrishell cheekily replied to an Instagram post sharing an article theorising about why they think she is joining the show.
Adding fuel to the rumours, she simply commented the side-eye emoji underneath the post as she refused to deny the theory.
It came just one day after the official I'm A Celebrity Australia Instagram shared a snap of her partner G Flip posing with show hosts Julia Morris and Robert Irwin.
It has also been revealed that a gold medalist, an AFL legend, an international stage sensation, a radio queen and a royally loved international comedian will take part. 
Stars including a TV celebrity cook, a sports star, a national treasure and a royally loved international comedian will also join the mystery cast.
Her hint came just one day after the official I'm A Celebrity Australia Instagram shared a snap of her partner G Flip posing with show hosts Julia Morris and Robert Irwin 
The tenth series of the Network 10 reality TV show is set to kick off on March 24, and will be presented by first time host Robert Irwin, 20, and the returning Julia Morris, 44
The tenth season of the hit reality show will be presented by Julia Morris, 44, alongside first time host Robert Irwin, 20.
Robert beat out big names Sam Pang, Jimmy Rees, Curtis Stone, Beau Ryan and Tristan MacManus for the hosting role.
The network had a hard task replacing popular host Dr Chris Brown, with Robert's natural charm impressing during his audition.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group