Gomez “never even saw or spoke to them,” the insider began.
A source close to Selena Gomez has spoken to People about the widespread speculation that she had drama with Kylie Jenner and Timothée Chalamet at the Golden Globes. The insider made it abundantly clear: No, she didn’t. That is fiction.
The theory arose when fans on X, formerly known as Twitter, tried to guess what Gomez was saying to Taylor Swift and Keleigh Sperry in viral footage captured at the Golden Globes. 
Swift and Sperry appeared surprised at what Gomez told them, leading many to assume they were gossiping about something. Some fans speculated that Sperry said “with Timothée [Chalamet]?” based on her lip movements. A few fans took that information and theorized that Gomez had tried to get a photo with Chalamet, her A Rainy Day in New York co-star, but was blocked by his girlfriend, Kylie Jenner. From there, the fan theory trended as if it were fact, when it was anything but.
The Gomez source told People that in the video,  “She was absolutely not referencing anything about Timothée or Kylie.” That source understandably did not share what Gomez was talking about, as it was a private conversation. Still, the insider added that with Jenner and Chalamet in particular, Gomez “never even saw or spoke to them” at the Globes.
Jenner and Gomez had to debunk internet theories that they had drama last year, too. Some users on TikTok accused Jenner of making fun of Gomez’s eyebrows with Hailey Bieber, Gomez’s ex-boyfriend Justin Bieber’s wife, on Instagram in February 2023.
Jenner commented on the platform, “This is reaching. No shade towards Selena ever and I didn’t see her eyebrow posts! U guys are making something out of nothing. This is silly.”
Gomez replied to Jenner’s comment, saying, “Agreed @kyliejenner. It’s all unnecessary. I’m a fan of Kylie!”
Why Timothée Wanted Kylie With Him at Globes
See Emma Stone and Andrew Garfield’s Reunion
Hailey Celebrates Selena and Emilia Pérez
Zendaya and Tom Holland Are Engaged
The Hottest Golden Globes After-Party Looks
How Zendaya Debuted an Engagement Ring
See Selena Gomez’s Golden Globes After-Party Dress
Selena Gomez Channels Cinderella at Globes
See Selena Gomez and Benny Blanco at the Globes
Zendaya Makes Her Bid for Best Dressed at Globes
See All the New Kylie and Timothée Kissing Photos
Zendaya’s Diamond Ring Sparks Engagement Rumors
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.