Fashion
Including Troye Sivan as Addison Rae.
The celeb Instagram photoshoots for Halloween kicked off well before the actual day of trick-or-treating arrived. Since the holiday is on a Thursday this year, stars started transformations up to six days beforehand in custom looks (like they need any excuse to get dressed up). While we prepare our costumes for Julio Torres’ Cursed Amulet party, we’re taking a look through our feeds and rounding up the best celebrity looks that have dropped thus far. 
The usual Halloween queens are here: Kylie Jenner, who has been known to wear up to three or four different costumes in a single Halloween, Megan Thee Stallion, whose love for anime shines through her dress-up options every year, and Paris Hilton, who loves a good wig. We’re still waiting with anticipation for Heidi Klum, the reigning supreme of Halloween, to drop her ‘fits, but until then, enjoy this mix of sexy, campy, and (sometimes) scary looks.
She’s got a bone to pick, and she won’t be afraid to do something about it. Tyla’s Halle Berry sendup was so well-executed, she got a comment from Halle herself on her Instagram. 
Miss Tina Snow dressed up as Starfire, the DC Comics character with blazing red hair that Megan gave her own spin on with chrome and jeweled nails.
Celebs love a good Barbarella moment, and Kylie goes blonde for a day to get in on the fun. 
Mrs. Peltz Beckham also wanted to prove blondes have more fun. We’re already waiting for her to drop what blush she used for this look.
Yes, Monáe is in there somewhere, under the incredible prosthetics.
Glam, outfit, and mood are firing on all cylinders for Xtina in this Dracula send-up.
Coco Jones loves to love us, baby, and honors the legendary Donna Summer with a costume and shoot fit for a true diva.
Saweetie should consider an acting career, considering the video she posted recreating The Dark Knight Rises sent chills down my spine.
Another Halle Berry homage, this time by rapper Coi Leray as a sexy night-time prowler.
Gomez and her man, Benny Blanco, dressed up for a little Nobu on Oct. 26 in a trend-setting homage to Alice in Wonderland. 
Seems like there was something in the air (or cake) in Los Angeles, as Alix Earle threw an Alice in Wonderland-themed party where she committed to being the sexiest Cheshire Cat to ever walk Sunset Boulevard.
Hilton knows how to get people’s attention, and this sizzling recreation of the Pulp Fiction poster is no different. 
Three’s a trend, and Bailey confirms it’s Halle Berry’s Halloween with this homage to one of her signature characters, Jinx.
A classic in the hot-girl Halloween world, Jessica Rabbit send-ups never disappoint. 
The shortest and sweetest pop star took to the stage in Dallas on Oct. 30 in a cutesy Disney homage.
The pop duo/best-friend combo attended Kendall Jenner’s Halloween party in sexy, scary looks.
The ‘50s, but in 2024. The hot couple attended Heidi Klum’s blowout bash as some of Hollywood’s most beloved characters.
Kim leaned on prosthetics expert Alexis Stone to help her realize this very life-like version of a gator.
The Simple Life was a landscape-shifting show, and I’m glad it’s getting the love it deserves ahead of the return of the dynamic duo to the screen.
Snow, anyone?
He nailed it, down to the shirt. 
The sweetest all-American girl there ever was.
With hair like that, she’s already got Violet on lock.
The revenge dress that’s still top of mind for everyone. Ten out of ten for execution, Miss Hosk.
The “Havana” singer honored her Cuban roots with a very thought-out Tropicana dancer costume.
A common costume this year, and for good reason: Cardi looks great as a redhead.
The third Jessica we’ve spotted this year, and each is as good as the last.
Who says you can’t look badass while taking your kids trick-or-treating in the West Village?
Making matching with your kids look chic is a hard task, but naturally Hathaway was up to the task.
Kendall hosted a celeb-packed Halloween party and turned up with sister Kylie in coordinating outfits from the much-beloved Hillary Duff movie.
Say it once, say it twice, and get ready for the time of your life. Her beat is commendable here.
This article was originally published on Oct. 31, 2024