The 2024 presidential election is fast approaching, and ahead of the November 5 polls, celebrities have already been proudly posting themselves on Instagram while casting their early votes—whether in-person, or via mail-in ballot boxes. Many have done so while accessorized with their best voting-themed hats, pins, and merch—choosing intentional looks to perform their civic duty.
Some stars took voting fashion to the extreme. Earlier this week, Selena Gomez wore a red carpet-worthy Rodarte look to cast her vote in Los Angeles: a red sequined dress with a dramatic sweetheart neckline. Meanwhile, stars like Cindy Crawford and Gwyneth Paltrow opted for more casual attire—Crawford in a leather moto jacket and Paltrow in a cozy knit. Lizzo, for her part, wore a cheeky tee that read “It’s About Madam Time”—with a Harris-Walz hat to match—signaling her support for Kamala Harris. The looks all point to a sense of pride and celebration while voting.
Below, see what celebrities are wearing to vote.
This content can also be viewed on the site it originates from.
I Just Got Back From L.A. and Everyone Was Wearing Autry Medalist Low Sneakers
Amal Clooney Is All About Rib-Grazing Denim for Spring
How to Dress Like the Olsen Twins This Spring and Summer 2025
Rihanna Dresses Cozy and Classic to Solo Dine at Her Favorite Restaurant
Sign up for Vogue Shopping to receive the insider’s guide to what to shop and how to wear it
Listen to The Run-Through with Vogue, a weekly podcast featuring the most exciting stories and hot takes from the worlds of culture, politics, sports and–of course–fashion
Never miss a Vogue moment and get unlimited digital access for just $2 $1 per month.
The Vogue Runway app has expanded! Update to the latest version to see all Vogue content, as well as new features like our Runway Genius quiz, Group Chats, and posts from Vogue contributors.
Explore the Runway Image Archive where you can access over 1.2 million runway images from past and present fashion shows.
More from Vogue
See More Stories
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Vogue may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
CN Fashion & Beauty