By DAILYMAIL REPORTER 
 Published:  06:59, 22 October 2024   |  Updated:  00:13, 18 November 2024   
 36
View  comments
Selena Gomez and Zoe Saldana had the same idea as they both opted for strapless gowns on Monday night at the Los Angeles premiere of their new film Emilia Perez.
The 32-year-old Rare Beauty creator — who stepped out in a blazer mini dress last week — looked  like a billion dollars  as she modeled a snug-fitting black dress with an off-the-shoulder neckline and black opera gloves.
And the 46-year-old Avatar sensation brought a pop of color to the carpet in a gown with a billowy magenta top half.
The stars pulled their dark tresses back into low-set updos as they continued their press run for their forthcoming movie.
Gomez parted her locks in a deep side part while Saldana chose a center part for a sleek, symmetric style.
Selena Gomez and Zoe Saldana had the same idea as they both opted for strapless gowns on Monday night at the Los Angeles premiere of their new film Emilia Perez. The stars pulled their dark tresses back into low-set updos as they continued their press run for their forthcoming movie
Selena looked classic as she modeled a snug-fitting black dress with an off-the-shoulder neckline and black opera gloves
Gomez parted her locks in a deep side part for a timelessly elegant hairstyle. She accessorized with small, sparkly hoop earrings
Selena, who stars on the hit Hulu series Only Murders In The Building, accessorized with small, sparkly hoop earrings. 
She looked typically beautiful in a full face of perfect makeup that included sultry eyeliner and shadow.
On September 6, Bloomberg reported that the multihyphenate is worth over $1.3 billion, putting her on their billionaires index for the first time. 
Meanwhile, her co-star Zoe rocked pint-tinged cosmetics that complemented her dress.
The formal look boasted a long, velvety skirt and even had pockets that the actress slipped her hands into while posing.
She was joined on the star-studded red carpet by longtime husband Marco Perego.
The two spouses, who have three young sons, shared an affectionate kiss ahead of the premiere.
Marco, who hails from Italy, wore a dark, subtly patterned trench coat over a black top, trousers, and boots.
Zoe was joined on the star-studded red carpet by longtime husband Marco Perego
Zoe ensured she caught the eye as she posed for photographers at the event on Monday 
The two spouses, who have three young sons, shared an affectionate kiss ahead of the premiere
L-R Adriana Paz, Karla Sofia Gascon, Zoe, Selena, and Edgar Ramirez
Zoe was making her latest promotional appearance on behalf of her new Netflix release 
The actress revealed an intricate back tattoo as she greeted photographers at the event 
Zoe's off-the-shoulder strapless gown gave her an opportunity to show off her lithe physique 
Marco looked comparatively casual as he accompanied his actress wife at the event 
His long, tousled, dirty blonde hair was in a middle part and pulled into a low, fuss-free ponytail. 
Kelly Rowland was also in attendance for the movie premiere, which was held at Hollywood's Egyptian Theatre.
The 43-year-old singer and actress wore a brown and black patterned Amiri suit over a burgundy shirt.
She elevated the look with a matching dark red handbag with a bandana-patterned handle and gold chain accent.
The mother-of-two stacked multiple silver-toned rings, including some with ruby stones set in them. 
Blanca Blanco of Eye For Eye fame and Tale Of Tails looked cute in a minidress
The leggy author of Breaking The Mold posed with John Savage of Deerhunter fame
Kelly Rowland was also in attendance for the movie premiere, which was held at Hollywood's Egyptian Theatre
The 43-year-old singer and actress wore a brown and black patterned Amiri suit over a burgundy shirt
Karla Sofia Gascon (left), who stars in the title role, stunned in a ruched, off-the-shoulder dress, while Sofia Boutella (right) opted for a stylish cream blouse and high-slung trousers 
Actor Josh Gad, 43, sported a dark blue blazer over a lighter blue shirt and added dark jeans
Karla Sofia Gascon, 52, who stars in the title role of the movie, stunned in a ruched, off-the-shoulder dress.
Zoe takes on the role of Rita in the Spanish language film while Selena portrays the character Jessi Del Monte. 
The movie is set in Mexico and tells the story of a lawyer who receives 'an unexpected offer to help a feared cartel boss retire from his business and disappear forever by becoming the woman he's always dreamed of being,' according to an IMDb synopsis.
It won the Jury Prize during the 77th Cannes Film Festival in May, and the female ensemble won the Best Actress award. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group