Zach Galifianakis is checking into the Arconia for season 4 of Only Murders in the Building! 
On Sunday, Eva Longoria exclusively confirmed to ET that The Hangover alum, 54, has joined the cast of the Hulu show in an undisclosed role and that they have already been hard at work on the new season. 
"We started shooting," Longoria, 48, told ET's Nischelle Turner and Kevin Frazier from the red carpet of the 96th Academy Awards. "I had to pinch myself, we were just on set and it's Steve Martin, Martin Short, Meryl Streep, Molly Shannon, Eugene Levy, Zach Galifianakis, me -- Selena Gomez... and I'm like, 'Where am I?'"
In a statement to ET, Hulu confirmed Galifianakis' role in the show and shared that he will play "a character that becomes integral to the twist and turns of this season’s investigation." 
ET previously shared that all of the other actors mentioned by the Flamin' Hot director on Sunday had joined the cast in recurring or returning roles. Additionally, Eternals star Kumail Nanjiani will also recur as "a character that becomes integral to the twist and turns of this season’s investigation."
Levy, Shannon and Longoria are some heavy hitters for the show's highly anticipated fourth season, which has a high bar to meet after season 3's guest stars included not only Streep, but also Jesse Williams, Paul Rudd, Ashley Park and Linda Emond. 
Season 4 is shaping up to be an exciting addition to the OMITB universe as it also is slated to take place partially in Los Angeles after three seasons wholly set in New York. 
Earlier this month, Disney Television Group President Craig Erwich confirmed that after three seasons set at the fictional Arconia building in New York City, the Martin Short, Steve Martin and Selena Gomez-led comedy will head to the West Coast for a change of scenery. 
Fans of the hit Hulu show will remember that season 3 left off with an interesting proposition from Williams' character, Tobert, who asked Mabel Mora (Gomez) to go with him from the Big Apple to The City of Angels. While Mabel rejected the offer, it appears that decision may have been more of a comma and less of a period, if Erwich's intel serves correctly. 
Speaking with Deadline after appearing at a Television Critics Association (TCA) panel on Saturday, the Disney executive remarked that the early scripts he has read place the story in California. 
"Well, I’m very excited to see Steve, Martin and Selena take a little break from the apartment building and come to Los Angeles," Erwich said. "So in the same way that John Hoffman used the canvas of Broadway to tell what I think was one of the most unique seasons you've ever seen, the same unique Only Murders take will be applied to Los Angeles, which I'm really excited about."
More signs at the end of season 3 appeared to point to California as the likely placement for the next season as Loretta was fielding acting offers all based in L.A. Oliver Putnam (Short) ultimately told Loretta that he cannot go with her full-time as he is staunchly a New Yorker who can only handle Los Angeles in small doses. 
Their hesitancy against leaving New York may be assuaged by the final scenes from season 3 episode 10, in which yet another murder took place in the building. This time, the victim was Jane Lynch's character, Sazz, better known as the stunt-double for Charles-Haden Savage (Martin) from his time on his hit show, Brazzos.
RELATED CONTENT: 
Video
News
Awards
TV