Only Murders in the Building star Selena Gomez's next film Emilia Pérez has finally debuted its first teaser trailer after premiering at the Cannes Film Festival.
Written and directed by Jacques Audiard, this wild genre-defying "fever dream" finds Zoe Saldaña's lawyer Rita assisting an escaped Mexican cartel leader named Emilia (Karla Sofía Gascón) in faking her own death before undergoing sex reassignment surgery.
Gomez plays the character Jessi, while Borderlands actor Edgar Ramírez, Spectre's Adriana Paz, and Schindler's List's Mark Ivanir fill supporting roles.
Emilia Pérez will screen in select UK and Irish cinemas from October 25, while Netflix subscribers are able to enjoy it from November 13.
The teaser itself spends much of its length displaying Audiard's stirring and audacious directorial eye, with its final moments exploding into blood-coated violence.
"Half him, half her, half papa, half aunt, half rich, half poor, half kingpin, half queen, half here, half there, half dead, half alive, half inside, half out," sings a French artist, alluding to the nature of the eponymous protagonist.
In a YouTube comment section, a fan of the film declared it to be "one of the best" of 2024.
Reviewing Emilia Pérez straight out of its Cannes unveiling back in May, The Hollywood Reporter's David Rooney wrote: "Shot by Paul Guilhaume mostly in a Paris studio with a small amount of Mexico location work, the movie looks terrific — never too slick, with a slight rough-edged quality that adds to its appeal.
"The camerawork is loose and supple, the moody textures of the many night scenes are effective and the use of vibrant colour is invigorating.
"Some Francophile cinema fans keep hoping that Audiard will make another searing drama like A Prophet or Rust and Bone, but any filmmaker who declines to repeat himself and instead keeps experimenting and pushing in new directions should be applauded.
"With Emilia Pérez, he has made something fresh, full of vitality and affecting, held aloft by its own quietly soaring power."
Emilia Pérez hits Netflix on November 13.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.