Disney+ has revealed exactly when Only Murders in the Building's next instalment will drop. The Emmy-award-winning comedy series has had three successful seasons already, racking up a near-perfect 97% Rotten Tomatoes score from critics.
Selena Gomez, Steve Martin and Martin Short star as true crime podcasters Charles, Oliver and Mabel. Season four sees the trio come to terms with the shocking events at the end of season three (don't worry, there will be no spoilers here!).
But their investigation leads them all the way to Los Angeles where a Hollywood studio is readying a film about the Only Murders podcast. As Charles, Oliver and Mabel race back to New York, they embark on an even more epic journey — traversing their building’s courtyard to delve into the twisted lives of the Arconia’s West Tower residents.
READ MORE: Ashley Madison scandal: Who are Sam and Nia Rader? The Christian family vloggers who went viral - this time for the wrong reasons
Disney+ confirmed on Wednesday (May 15) that the show will return with season four on August 27. Meanwhile US streaming service Hulu dropped a teaser trailer for the upcoming series.
It promises to be the 'starriest' Only Murders yet, with a glittering cast including Meryl Streep, Da’Vine Joy Randolph, Eugene Levy, Eva Longoria, Zach Galifianakis, Molly Shannon, Kumail Nanjiani, Melissa McCarthy, Richard Kind and more.
The trailer sees the trio attempt to negotiate life insurance payments with the Hollywood bigwigs in a scene injected with typical Only Murders humour. Watch the 90-second teaser trailer above.
Reacting to the trailer in the YouTube comments, one fan praised: "I cannot get enough of this show. The chemistry of the cast is off the charts and cannot wait for the new season" as a second said: "I can't wait! I binged all 3 seasons last year and it's probably the best comedy I've seen in years. Absolute comedic gold!"
A third penned: "This show is a testimony of why new, fresh, and original shows work so well! Plus the cast is just nuts!!" while a fourth added: "I love how we don't have to wait years between seasons."
Only Murders in the Building hails from co-creators and writers Steve Martin and John Hoffman, who was behind hit sitcom Grace & Frankie. Martin and Hoffman executive produce along with Short, Gomez, This Is Us creator Dan Fogelman and Jess Rosenthal.
The first three seasons of Only Murders in the Building are available to stream now on Disney+. Season four will drop on August 27.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.