By SCARLETT DARGAN FOR YOU MAGAZINE 
 Published:  11:51, 12 November 2024   |  Updated:  11:52, 12 November 2024   
 5
View  comments
If you think of any Hollywood heartthrob, they’ll no doubt have appeared in People’s Sexiest Man of the Year issue. From Patrick Dempsey to Idris Elba and (of course) George Clooney, it’s pretty much the male equivalent of making Victoria’s Secret catwalk.
But while there have been plenty of uncontentious choices since the awards kicked off in 1985 (Mel Gibson was the first recipient, FYI), some of People’s picks have raised a few eyebrows. A sixty-year-old Sean Connery (1989) wasn’t the most crowd-pleasing selection; nor was country music star Blake Shelton in 2017 (one X user wrote: ‘Blake Shelton is People’s Sexiest Man Alive because apparently Idris Elba, Chris Evans and Jason Momoa fell off the planet last night’).
But few inclusions have caused as much furore as last night’s reveal, when People announced Selena Gomez’s boyfriend, Benny Blanco, would feature in the 2024 list. While it’s not yet been confirmed whether the record producer has secured the esteemed number one slot, the magazine feature about him is pretty gushing.
In his People interview, Blanco – who’s been dating Selena since 2023 – is described as ‘redefining masculinity while embracing chivalry’. Under the headline ‘He cooks. He hosts. He woos,’ Blanco is photographed lying on a table in a three-piece suit with a plate of pizza, preparing a margarita by the pool, and, most randomly, sitting on a plush bed in patterned pyjama bottoms cuddling a teddy. Hot!
Safe to say, the internet had thoughts... 
Benny Blanco for PEOPLE’s Sexiest Man Alive 2024 issue. pic.twitter.com/kMR1pR90wf
Was literally every other man unavailable?
Have we not suffered enough???? https://t.co/V0wsdnw4lj
Others suggested his girlfriend, Selena, might be more deserving of People's sexiest accolade... 
the only sexy thing about him is his girlfriend
Sexiest thing about him is Selena But she seems so happy 🤷‍♂️
And others gave shout outs to their favourite male heartthrobs, suggesting they'd been 'snubbed' for the shock pick... 
Oh Jonathan Bailey how they’ve snubbed you pic.twitter.com/lyMWXc5mtY
I’m not hating but my personal pick would have been Theo James, Jonathon Bailey, Glen Powell, etc.
people’s sexiest man alive glen powell…. EXACTLY https://t.co/2EB8BZPFu4 pic.twitter.com/5ezbxV3S92
Ultimately, we're not sure who'll bag People's top spot for 2024 (we'll update this page when the news comes in). One thing that is certain, however, is that pretty much any other male celeb would be less controversial than Blanco. In the meantime, we're channelling confused Adele and keeping Paul Mescal in our thoughts. 
 pic.twitter.com/vb5IvZ6K87

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have been moderated in advance.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group