Layer up with sleek fall pieces, for less.

													By
												

	Rylee Johnston


	All products and services featured are independently chosen by editors. However, Billboard may receive a commission on orders placed through its retail links, and the retailer may receive certain auditable data for accounting purposes.

	As you transition your wardrobe from lightweight clothing to warmer layers, new fall fashion has been dropping fast and furious, teasing your closet with possible fresh outfits. Rather than pay full price for a chic jacket and jeans, Mango is offering 30% off everything. The clothing brand’s Friends & Family sale is helping you stock up on a fresh, fashion-forward outfit rotation with an extra 30% off styles when you spend $199+.





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					This $18 Fridge Magnet Can Be Personalized With Your Favorite Song (And Actually Play It)		
	



	05/02/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	





		Explore	

















	
		
					Billboard		
					


See latest videos, charts and news



See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	To snag the discount, just make sure you add $199 (or more) worth of clothing, shoes and accessories to your cart and enter the promo code EXTRA30 at checkout. As an added bonus, you’ll also get free shipping.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	Besides offering generous sales, Mango has also become a Hollywood-loved brand, with artists including Charli XCX, Taylor Swift, Selena Gomez, Kelly Clarkson, Perrie Edwards and Katy Perry having previously worn the brand.

	The sale is only going on for a limited time, which means the discount is set to expire. You’ll also want to act quickly as sizes and popular styles are already selling out, with some predicting a waiting period of 12 business days before shipment.

	Need some inspiration before scrolling through the sale? Keep reading to check out ShopBillboard‘s top picks from Mango’s Friends & Family Sale.

	To help you save time from parsing through all the snag-worthy pieces, we put together our list of the most stylish pieces from the sale that you can buy online (before it’s too late).

		Bring the elements of a cozy blanket to your outerwear with Mango’s Fur-Effect Coat. The style comes in two different shades and features a contrasting hem with button accents that you can adjust to your liking. It’s also collarless for a more rounded and smooth look.	

		Embrace your Cowboy Carter era with these sleek leather cowboy boots. Each wear will give you a pointed toe look complete with a smooth 100% bovine leather for an elevated appearance while the rubber sole will add traction to keep you balanced on more slick ground.	

		Make a statement with these studded jeans that are designed with a black denim and contrasting silver studs along the edges. It’s made with a cotton material for added comfort and has a medium waist fit you can pair with a simple black belt for a more complete look.	

		Get comfy without sacrificing elegance when you throw on this wool coat. You’ll notice a double-button construction for a more sophisticated look while the neutral brown shade will make it easy to wear with work attire or for drinks with friends.	

		Leopard print is having a moment again this fashion season — and this maxi skirt is the proof. Featuring a silky smooth satin material, the skirt has a straight yet loose fit that’ll move with you on the dance floor or as you rush to catch the train.	

		Instead of the typical black leather jacket, snag this vintage-inspired brown version featuring aged details for a more worn-in look. You can store your small essentials in the two front pockets while the zip closure lets you adjust the opening to your liking.	

	For more product recommendations, check out ShopBillboard‘s roundups of the best oversized leather jackets, knee-high boots and maxi dresses.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.