By JOANNA CRAWLEY FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  10:43, 9 January 2024   |  Updated:  10:50, 11 January 2024   
 161
View  comments
Forget about Succession's success or Oppenheimer picking up five gongs, the moment of Sunday night's Golden Globes was Selena Gomez's gossip session.
The Only Murders In The Building star went viral after her debrief with friends Taylor Swift and Keleigh Sperry during the Beverly Hilton ceremony was caught on camera.
Viewers scrambled to lip read the interaction, deducing that Selena was filling her girlfriends in on an awkward interaction with couple of the moment Kylie Jenner and Timothee Chalamet.
The scandal has spawned hundreds of memes as fans call for the frenemies to attend every awards ceremony, while others have declared that the viral moment has thrust the Globes (which has undergone a major rebrand since the 2022 controversy) into Generation Z's eyeline.
Forget about Succession's success or Oppenheimer picking up five gongs, the moment of Sunday night's Golden Globes was Selena Gomez 's gossip session 
Viewers scrambled to lip read the interaction, deducing that Selena was filling her girlfriends in on an awkward interaction with couple of the moment Kylie Jenner and Timothee Chalamet 
Video from their table showed Selena, 31, Taylor, 34, and Miles Teller's wife Keleigh having an animated discussion - with Selena waxing lyrical to a shocked Taylor and Keleigh, before the latter is clearly heard clarifying: 'with Timothee?' as Selena nods.
Forensic lipreader Jeremy Freeman has exclusively uncovered the trio's conversation for DailyMail.com - alleging Selena was denied a photo with Timothee, 28, and claiming she feared 'upsetting' him and Kylie, 26.
Freeman says Selena dished to Taylor and Keleigh: 'He didn’t want a picture with me, he said no' with Keleigh responding: 'Timothee?'
Taylor then whispered in Selena's ear, with the Only Murders In The Building actress allegedly saying: 'I tried, I couldn’t, it’ll upset em.'
Fans have gone wild over the gossip, which overshadowed the Golden Globes themselves.
One tweeter pointed out: 'The Selena/Chalamet/Kylie gossip is why the Globes will remain relevant for Gen Z. The right amount of celeb tiers interacting creates the right amount of speculative drama.'
'I desperately need Taylor, Selena, Kylie and Timothee to attend every single awards show,' decided another online commenter.  
Others laughed that A-lister Selena is 'one of us'. 'Selena would thrive in an office... she would be parked by the espresso machine,' declared one fan. 
The scandal has spawned hundreds of memes as fans call for the frenemies to attend every awards ceremony
Others have declared that the viral moment has thrust the Globes (which has undergone a major reboot since the 2022 controversy) into Generation Z's eyeline
'I would get nothing done if I worked with Selena Gomez. I'd listen to the office gossip and be delighted while pretending I was totally above the fray.' 
'I wouldn't trust Selena Gomez with 5th grade gossip omg,' agreed another.
One fan wrote: 'Selena so real. Whenever something happens to me i’m running straight to my girls'
'Selena and Taylor literally holding each other is prime gossip spilling position and I love it.'
And one fan summed up the gossip with: 'The whole Taylor/Selena/Kylie thing is proof that no matter how rich you get, how famous you are, the auld bitchfest is never far away.' 
There's history between Kylie and Selena.  In February 2023 Kylie was forced to clear the air and respond to a TikTok video where she was accused of mocking Selena's eyebrows 
Forensic lipreader Jeremy Freeman has exclusively uncovered the trio's conversation for DailyMail.com - alleging Selena was denied a photo with Timothee,and claiming she feared 'upsetting' him and Kylie
The Kylie Cosmetics mogul denied being shady towards Selena and went as far as to shoot down any talk of a feud between herself and the actress and singer.
In a comment underneath a TikTok clip by @devotedly.yours, the mother of two began by writing, 'this is reaching. no shade towards selena ever and i didn't see her eyebrow posts!'
She went on to add 'u guys are making something out of nothing' in the post.
The Keeping Up With The Kardashians alum ended the comment by declaring 'this is silly.'
Meanwhile, Kylie and Timothee's Globes PDA sparked it's own meme frenzy on Sunday night. 
The rarely-seen couple turned the 2024 Golden Globes into a date night, turning up late before ignoring the festivities around them to spend the evening engaged in PDA.
The Wonka star, 28, who was nominated in the Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy for the movie, couldn't take his eyes off Kylie, 26, with cameras panning to the couple as they kissed during a commercial break.
The smooches caused a stir online as fans rushed to X, formerly known as Twitter, to share a string of hilarious memes.
Kylie and Timothee's Globes PDA sparked it's own meme frenzy on Sunday night 
Many compared the couple to the viral 'Is this allowed' 2014 kissing vine, while others begged the cameras to stop panning to the PDA
Many compared the couple to the viral 'Is this allowed' 2014 kissing vine, while others begged the cameras to stop panning to the PDA.
'Having to watch Timothee Chalamet and Kylie Jenner make out every 29 seconds,' tweeted one onlooker.
Others quipped that Kylie's Momager Kris Jenner was behind the scenes orchestrating the publicity, with one tweeting: 'Kris Jenner must be a part of the camera crew or something every break they get a angle of Kylie and Timothee.' 
Viewers pointed out that the constant panning to the couple was like a 'fan cam', with some joking they were taking a shot every time they were spotted kissing.
And one viewer summed up the night with the tweet: 'I stayed up all night and all I've seen was timothee kissing kylie all night.'
An onlooker told DailyMail.com that Timothee and Kylie only had eyes for each other in the a-list packed room: 'They were at their table staring at one another.
'They didn't talk to anyone during the commercial break, they were just kissing... it looked like puppy dog love, like high school.' 
The smooches caused a stir online as fans rushed to X, formerly known as Twitter, to share a string of hilarious memes 
Best Motion Picture - Drama
Anatomy of a Fall
Killers of the Flower Moon
Maestro
Oppenheimer - WINNER
Past Lives
The Zone of Interest 
Oppenheimer earned top prize Best Motion Picture - Drama (Christopher Nolan and Emma Thomas are pictured)
Best Motion Picture - Animated
The Boy and the Heron - WINNER
Elemental
Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse 
Suzume
The Super Mario Bros. Movie
Wish  
Best Motion Picture – Non-English Language
Anatomy of a Fall - WINNER
Fallen Leaves
Io Capitano
Past Lives
Society of the Snow
The Zone of Interest
Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Motion Picture – Drama
Andrew Scott - All of Us Strangers 
Barry Keoghan - Saltburn
Bradley Cooper - Maestro
Cillian Murphy - Oppenheimer - WINNER
Colman Domingo - Rustin
Leonardo DiCaprio - Killers of the Flower Moon
Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy
Jeffrey Wright - American Fiction
Joaquin Phoenix - Beau is Afraid
Matt Damon - Air
Nicolas Cage - Dream Scenario
Paul Giamatti - The Holdovers - WINNER
Timothée Chalamet - Wonka
Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Supporting Role in any Motion Picture
Charles Melton - May December
Mark Ruffalo - Poor Things
Robert De Niro - Killers of the Flower Moon
Robert Downey Jr. - Oppenheimer - WINNER
Ryan Gosling - Barbie
Willem Dafoe - Poor Things
Cillian Murphy and Robert Downey Jr. both earned Best Performance by a Male Actor and Actor in a Supporting Role in a Motion Picture for Oppenheimer, respectively
Best Screenplay - Motion Picture
Greta Gerwig and Noah Baumbach - Barbie
Tony McNamara - Poor Things
Christopher Nolan - Oppenheimer
Eric Roth and Martin Scorsese - Killers of the Flower Moon
Celine Song - Past Lives
Justine Triet and Arthur Harari - Anatomy of a Fall - WINNER
Best Original Song - Motion Picture
Addicted to Romance - She Came to Me - Bruce Springsteen
Dance the Night - Barbie - Mark Ronson, Andrew Wyatt, Dua Lipa, Caroline Ailin
I'm Just Ken - Barbie - Mark Ronson, Andrew Wyatt
Peaches - The Super Mario Bros. Movie - Jack Black, Aaron Horvath, Michael Jelenic, Eric Osmond, John Spiker
Road to Freedom - Rustin - Lenny Kravitz
What Was I Made For? - Barbie - Billie Eilish, Finneas O'Connell - WINNER
Best Television Series - Musical or Comedy
Abbott Elementary
Barry
The Bear - WINNER
Jury Duty
Only Murders in the Building
Ted Lasso 
Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Television Series – Drama
Bella Ramsey - The Last of Us
Emma Stone - The Curse
Helen Mirren - 1923
Imelda Staunton - The Crown
Keri Russell - The Diplomat
Sarah Snook - Succession - WINNER
Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Television Series – Musical or Comedy
Ayo Edebiri - The Bear -WINNER
Elle Fanning - The Great
Natasha Lyonne - Poker Face
Quinta Brunson - Abbott Elementary
Rachel Brosnahan - The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel
Selena Gomez - Only Murders in the Building 
Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Limited Series, Anthology Series, or a Motion Picture Made for Television
Ali Wong - Beef - WINNER
Brie Larson - Lessons in Chemistry
Elizabeth Olsen - Love & Death
Juno Temple - Fargo
Rachel Weisz - Dead Ringers
Riley Keough - Daisy Jones and the Six 
Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Supporting Role on Television
Abby Elliott - The Bear
Christina Ricci - Yellowjackets
Elizabeth Debicki - The Crown - WINNER
Hannah Waddingham - Ted Lasso
J. Smith-Cameron - Succession
Meryl Streep - Only Murders in the Building 
 Elizabeth Debicki won Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Supporting Role on Television for The Crown
Best Performance in Stand-Up Comedy on Television
Amy Schumer: Emergency Contact
Chris Rock: Selective Outrage
Ricky Gervais: Armageddon - WINNER
Sarah Silverman: Someone You Love
Trevor Noah: Where Was I 
Wanda Sykes: I'm an Entertainer 
Best Motion Picture - Musical or Comedy 
Air 
American Fiction
Barbie
The Holdovers
May December
Poor Things - WINNER
Cinematic and Box Office Achievement
Barbie - WINNER
Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3
John Wick: Chapter 4
Mission: Impossible - Dead Reckoning Part 1
Oppenheimer
Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse
Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour
The Super Mario Bros. Movie 
Barbie beat out Taylor Swift in a new category Cinematic and Box Office Achievement as Margot Robbie accepted
Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Motion Picture – Drama
Annette Bening - Nyad
Cailee Spaeny -  Priscilla
Carey Mulligan - Maestro
Greta Lee - Past Lives
Lily Gladstone - Killers of the Flower Moon - WINNER
Sandra Hüller - Anatomy of a Fall
Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy
Alma Pöysti - Fallen Leaves
Emma Stone - Poor Things - WINNER
Fantasia Barrino - The Color Purple (2023)
Jennifer Lawrence - No Hard Feelings
Margot Robbie - Barbie
Natalie Portman - May December 
Emma Stone triumphed as she earned Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy for Poor Things and also led the film to top honor Best Motion Picture - Musical or Comedy
Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Supporting Role in any Motion Picture
Danielle Brooks - The Color Purple (2023)
Da'Vine Joy Randolph - The Holdovers - WINNER
Emily Blunt - Oppenheimer
Jodie Foster - Nyad
Julianne Moore - May December
Rosamund Pike - Saltburn
Best Director - Motion Picture
Bradley Cooper - Maestro 
Celine Song - Past Lives
Christopher Nolan - Oppenheimer - WINNER
Greta Gerwig - Barbie
Martin Scorsese - Killers of the Flower Moon
Yorgos Lanthimos - Poor Things 
Best Original Score - Motion Picture
The Boy and the Heron
Killers of the Flower Moon
Oppenheimer - WINNER
Poor Things
Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse
The Zone of Interest 
Best Television Series - Drama
1923
The Crown
The Diplomat
The Last of Us
The Morning Show
Succession - WINNER
Succession nearly swept the television drama categories including top prize Best Television Series - Drama
Best Television Limited Series, Anthology Series, or Motion Picture Made for Television
All the Light We Cannot See
Beef - WINNER
Daisy Jones and the Six
Fargo
Fellow Travelers
Lessons in Chemistry 
Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Television Series – Drama
Brian Cox - Succession
Dominic West - The Crown
Gary Oldman - Slow Horses
Jeremy Strong - Succession
Kieran Culkin - Succession - WINNER
Pedro Pascal - The Last of Us
Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Television Series – Musical or Comedy
Bill Hader - Barry
Jason Segel - Shrinking
Jason Sudeikis - Ted Lasso
Jeremy Allen White - The Bear - WINNER
Martin Short - Only Murders in the Building
Steve Martin - Only Murders in the Building 
Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Limited Series, Anthology Series, or a Motion Picture Made for Television
David Oyelowo - Lawman: Bass Reeves
Jon Hamm - Fargo
Matt Bomer - Fellow Travelers
Sam Claflin - Daisy Jones and the Six
Steven Yeun - Beef - WINNER
Woody Harrelson - White House Plumbers 
Steven Yeun took home Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Limited Series, Anthology Series, or a Motion Picture Made for Television for Beef
Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Supporting Role on Television
Alan Ruck - Succession 
Alexander Skarsgård - Succession
Billy Crudup - The Morning Show
Ebon Moss-Bachrach - The Bear
James Marsden - Jury Duty
Matthew Macfadyen - Succession - WINNER 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group