Oh, this season is going to be good!
Only Murders in the Building makes its premise clear right in its title. For three seasons, mismatched neighbors-turned-investigative podcasters Charles, Oliver, and Mabel have stalked the halls of the Arconia apartment building in New York trying to solve the string of murders taking place there. But in Season 4, the trio is about to break their core rule. Yep — Only Murders in the Building is going to leave the building.
The big setting change was revealed by Disney Television Group President Craig Erwich in a Feb. 13 interview with Deadline. “I’m very excited to see Steve [Martin], Martin [Short], and Selena [Gomez] take a little break from the apartment building and come to Los Angeles,” he said. “In the same way that [showrunner] John Hoffman used the canvas of Broadway to tell what I think was one of the most unique seasons you’ve ever seen, the same unique Only Murders take will be applied to Los Angeles.”
While moving the show to Los Angeles is definitely a big shock (especially given its location-based title), the Season 3 finale may have planted a few seeds hinting at how this coastal jump will happen — and who may be returning because of it.
The Los Angeles announcement came off as a subtle indication that a few Season 3 guest stars will show up once more. At the very end of Season 3, Loretta (Meryl Streep), Dickie (Jeremy Shamos), and Tobert (Jesse Williams) all set off to Los Angeles for upcoming gigs. That seemed like a farewell to these characters at the time, but now it sounds like a possibility they’ll return in the L.A.-based season.
And sure enough, Streep confirmed she’ll be back as Loretta in the new season.
Each new OMITB season adds its fair share of iconic guest stars, and Season 4 will be no different. Molly Shannon has been announced to recur as a high-powered businesswoman in L.A. Eva Longoria has also been cast in an undisclosed role.
Adding to the comedic legends already helming Only Murders, Eugene Levy will have a major role in Season 4. Levy has worked with Martin and Short several times throughout his career. He and Short were cast members on the sketch comedy series SCTV, and he co-starred with Martin in the 2003 comedy Bringing Down the House. All three actors worked together in Father of the Bride and its sequel. Of course, Levy has become best known in recent years for starring as the riches-to-rags patriarch Johnny Rose on Schitt’s Creek.
Several other A-list actors have also signed on for the new season, including: Melissa McCarthy, Kumail Nanjiani, Zach Galifianakis, and Richard Kind.
The season’s star-studded trailer revealed that the trio will be trading in their podcast mics for movie cameras this season, as they jet off to Hollywood for a movie based on their misadventures. It also announced that Season 4 will premiere on Hulu on Aug. 27.
This article was originally published on 02.14.24
Be the first to know what's trending, straight from Elite Daily