Today's Digital Daily	
			



	
			Today's Digital Daily	
			

Commerce Writer and Producer for Footwear News and WWD

	If you purchase an independently reviewed product or service through a link on our website, WWD may receive an affiliate commission.

Updated May 29, 2024: This best leather jackets for women guide was updated with new product for summer 2024, along with ways to wear women’s leather jackets for chilly summer nights and more information on our top Editor’s Choice leather jackets. 

	You can never go wrong with a leather jacket — yes, even during the dog days of summer. It never goes out of style, and serves as a protective and sleek suit of armor against brisk evening breezes, bone-chilling air conditioning at the office, or even for gloomy, rainy days when you want to wrap yourself in a stylish shell. The best leather jackets should instantly infuse a touch of stylish attitude into any outfit, and our editor-tested favorites for summer expertly update the heritage style with modern designs.

	











	
			Related Articles	
	













	People
	



	
			Charles Leclerc on Racing, Fashion and Life Beyond the Track	
			













	Fashion Scoops
	



	
			Matteau Celebrates 10th Anniversary With Moda Operandi	
			








	“Leather jackets are an iconic and timeless staple, perfect for anyone and everyone’s closet,” says Caroline Huang Maguire, Shopbop Fashion Director. “What makes a leather jacket such an important piece to own is its versatility.” Leather jackets are as reliable as a great pair of women’s jeans, as they virtually go with everything, while adding polish to any ensemble you pluck from your wardrobe. This year, the fashion industry is blooming with innovative fabrications and advancements in sustainable or vegan leathers, as seen from standout brands like Apparis and Hyer Goods. While specific styles continue to trend from year to year, like big bombers and moto jackets for 2024, there’s a myriad of leather jacket iterations to shop that seamlessly transition through the seasons — whether as a durable, water-resistant layer in the rain or as a summery topper over short hems on cool nights. The best part about investing in one of the best leather jackets is that they only get better with age, as the leather breaks in and molds to your body with repeated wear. 




			You May Also Like		






	“A leather jacket stands out for its durability, distinctive texture, and ability to develop a unique patina over time,” says David Mesquita, Vice President of Leather Spa, an artisan leather repair studio based in New York City. “It offers an edgy style that can be dressed up or down, which sets it apart from other jacket styles.” It’s important to invest in a leather jacket that speaks to your needs and expression, because, once you fall in love with the fit, fabrication, and silhouette, it’ll become a go-to piece — like a second-skin. 

	Below, we’ve highlighted the most popular leather jacket brands for women, from premium leather to upcycled and faux, including expert picks from Shopbop, fan-favorite Acne Studios leather jackets, or sustainable and jaw-droppingly affordable premium leather jackets from Quince. 

	Since there are so many leather jacket styles to choose from, we created this guide to the best leather jackets for women with expert tips, product picks, and editor testing reviews to kickstart your search.

Sign up for WWD Shop’s newsletter to get the scoop on the best in beauty and style with in-depth reviews of exciting new releases and buyer’s guides to find the products you need to try ASAP.











	WWD Shop editors are no strangers to leather jackets, as we test, style, and assess new releases and cult-favorite classics on a regular basis. We agree that while leather jackets are among the most versatile piece you can own, there are specific jacket features and silhouettes that are best suited for different occasions, weather conditions, material preferences, and style perspectives. Below, we’ve recommended three of the best leather jackets for women from top outerwear brands that appeal to various needs, functions, and price points.

		A cropped leather shirt-jacket is a foolproof way to polish off an outfit — without feeling weighed down in bulk during the warmer months. Quince’s bestselling cropped style comes in buttery smooth biodegradable leather with relaxed drop shoulders and a flexible lived-in fit. Its clean lines, refined design, and waist-skimming hem makes it ideal for playing with proportions, like pairing with your daily high-waisted jeans or a pleated midi skirt for nights out. Plus, it can serve double-duty as a replacement for your work day blazers, as discovered by WWD Shop editor Claire Sullivan in her comprehensive review.Editor testing and review notes: “This jacket fits perfectly in my simple, tonal wardrobe that’s full of neutral knits and vintage denim. I tend to veer towards clothing that feels more timeless than trendy, and I love that Quince’s leather jacket has a classic silhouette with just a touch of flare, courtesy of its cropped length. And about that cut: Although it’s oversized, you’ll find that the combination of the drop shoulders and the slightly cropped length create a flattering, slimming silhouette. The lack of shiny hardware makes it feel more daytime than other leather jackets I own, however it feels right at home with a pair of trousers and a strappy tank for a night out.” — Claire Sullivan, WWD Senior Beauty and Lifestyle Commerce EditorVersatility: 4.9/5 rating | Durability: 5/5 rating |  Warmth: 4.7/5 rating | Functionality: 5/5 ratingPrice upon publish date of this article: $169.90	

		If you struggle to find a leather jacket that’s figure-flattering for a large bust, curves, or a long torso, the Faux Leather Vintage Blazer Jacket from Levi’s delivers ’90s-era Gwyneth Paltrow vibes in a streamlined, roomy silhouette. Not quite a true blazer nor anything close to a moto jacket, its minimalist, longline profile is blissfully lightweight for summer, while offering sleek street ‘cred with style points to spare. A slightly crinkled glossy leather finish only elevates its vintage feel. The only difference? This stunner is safe to machine-wash.What testers say: “This fits beautifully and is not too thick. Perfect for cooler days in SoCal!”Versatility: 4.8/5 rating | Durability: 4.7/5 rating |  Warmth: 4.5/5 rating | Functionality: 4.9/5 ratingPrice upon publish date of this article: $63.58	

		No wardrobe is complete without a trusty leather motorcycle jacket, but the style’s been particularly trending in all shapes, sizes, and colors for summer 2024, from the runways to street style. You can go for a shrunken, cropped silhouette; a hefty, oversized biker style; or opt for a sleek style that checks all the boxes for maximum wear, like the bestselling Banana Republic Enola Leather Moto Jacket, which is crafted with rich leather that wears in beautifully with age. Its loose fit and slight crop makes it versatile for year-round wear as both a top layer for warmer months and a mid layer for the cold weather season. It instantly adds some edge to your go-to summer dress to wear at the office or for a night out. Versatility: 5/5 rating | Durability: 5/5 rating |  Warmth: 4.9/5 rating | Functionality: 5/5 ratingPrice upon publish date of this article: $500	

		One major theme across trendsetter street style and the spring 2024 runways? Oversized leather blazers that play as mini dresses when buttoned-up. Reformation’s Veda blazer looks remarkably chic as it cinches the waist and flares out as a mini hem — we’re talking legs for days. Don’t let the bold style scare you; it’s not too bulky for summer and falls at the sweet spot of the thigh as a shrunken trench. You can wear it several ways, whether open as a soft-structured blazer or with jeans as effortless outerwear when the weather permits. One editor is dreaming of wearing this number for date night, with strappy heel sandals and a bold red lip. Editor testing and review notes: “When I’m asked where to look for a great leather jacket, I always ask if the person has checked out Veda first. For over a decade, as a womenswear market editor and stylist in my previous magazine roles, a stop by Veda’s New York showroom before a photo shoot was always a must for luxurious leather jackets of all lengths, as well as leather tops and skirts. The camera doesn’t lie, so editorial photo shoots call for high-quality, buttery-soft leather to elevate any outfit. Veda’s attention to construction, color, and even the smallest details in the brand’s leather jackets has built a cult-like following that continues to grow. Unlike designer outwear, Veda has always struck the right balance of a reasonable price that’s practically a steal when one considers the cost-per-wear value. I consider Veda one of my favorite style secrets for the best leather jackets — but let’s keep that between us.” — Adam Mansuroglu, WWD and Footwear News Director of CommercePrice upon publish date of this article: $478	

		This distressed leather jacket style from Free People gives an effortless, oversized vibe akin to an authentic vintage grail or a worn-in jacket you’d fish from your dad’s closet. Its slouchy silhouette allows room for tons of layering, with unique zipper cuffs as an added style touch and functional side pockets. The jacket comes in high-quality genuine leather, which makes it supple yet firm for an ideal lived-in feel that’ll only get better with wear. The Caramel colorway feels lighter for summer, while giving the piece a cool, downtown personality for day-to-night occasions. What testers say: “I’m currently a size 10/12 and the medium fit perfectly!! I still have so much room, and could even go down to the small but I like the length of the medium. Beautifully crafted — the perfect addition to any wardrobe.”Price upon publish date of this article: $798	

		The best leather racer jackets for women offer a sporty-chic edge to any outfit, and we love Coach’s luxe iteration that fronts tons of zipper details and a classic snap collar. Made of smooth, slightly shiny leather, this racer jacket features vintage-inspired contrast panelling and silver hardware zipper details. The slightly boxy silhouette is particularly slimming in fit, with a mid-waist cropped hem that’s easy to style with mini skirts or high-waisted bottoms, along with long sleeves and elongating seam lines. Feeling the need for speed? Go all-out racer with your favorite leather pants.Price upon publish date of this article: $795	

		If you’re concerned about a baggy bomber swallowing you whole, opt for a cropped version, like this soft vegan leather jacket from Abercrombie. It’s a brand bestseller (that just so happens to be on sale right now) for its lightweight feel, luxe leather look, and flattering fit. It bodes well as a transitional topper or a relaxed jacket for crisp summer nights, as it features a recycled polyester fill that insulates warmth while still feeling breathable. Its elastic hem and cuffs only add to its comfortable and foolproof wearability.What testers say: “In person, this is a really high-end looking jacket. I got it on sale and I cannot believe I paid such a low price for such nice leather! The vegan leather is soft and the pockets are actually functional. I love how there’s a snap on the front pockets, so you don’t have to worry about items potentially falling out. I love the minimal bomber look while still feeling edgy and modern. I ordered a small because I like jackets to be a bit more fitted. I am usually a medium to small and it fits great with enough room to wear a hoodie underneath. Perfection.”Price upon publish date of this article: $69.99	

		Maguire points us to Acne Studios as the gold standard of leather biker jackets. “This piece is classic, versatile, and made with high-quality leather, allowing it to be worn season after season,” she explains. It’s made with heavyweight, non-stretch leather, making it a great option for chilly days, along with its long zippered sleeves and high asymmetrical zip. Four functional front pockets and interior pockets also provide handy storage for daytime adventures or nights on the town. While this style has remained an editor’s choice throughout the cold weather seasons, we moved it down on our list for hot days ahead. Regardless, it’s a perennial investment piece that’s worthy of a spot in your wardrobe for countless years of love.What testers say: “I waited a few years to get this jacket, I kept hearing and seeing it everywhere. It’s like the fashion darling of leather jackets. During the interim I bought a cheaper leather jackets but I was never truly satisfied — this Acne leather jacket was always in the back of my mind. I finally caved. It’s guaranteed to make you feel like a bad girl even if you’re not! It has heavy, thick leather that softens with wear. Absolutely obsessed.” Price upon publish date of this article: $1,700	

		The affordable Faux Leather Jacket from Levi’s is a steller starter moto jacket — especially for blocking out bad weather without losing out on the cool-factor of a leather jacket. The sleek, timeless style is made with water-resistant, soft faux leather, and comes polished with silver zippers, an asymmetrical zipper, and sharp notched collar. Available in a slew of colorways to match your wardrobe, it hugs the body in a slightly cropped silhouette, allowing for tons of styling possibilities with high-waisted pants, dresses, and midi skirts. Pair this one with your favorite pair of Levi’s cut-offs for cool summer nights, or play into the city-girl feel with a mini skirt. What testers say: “Great fit. I’m 5’2” and often find the jacket sleeves on these kind of jackets way too long. These are just right , and the jacket itself is just roomy enough to be comfortable while still looking trim. The color is great!”Price upon publish date of this article: $89.99	

		If this season’s 1980s trends are calling your name, Lamarque’s leather jacket has all the retro-chic fixings: Exaggerated, borrowed-from-the-boys style padded shoulders, a slouchy fit, and a cropped hem that cinches the waist. Wide lapels, balloon sleeves, and shiny hardware frame the silhouette, resulting in a major power-play piece that can be layered or stand on its own as a top for a night out. Play with proportions by teaming this best cropped leather jacket with a mini skirt and kitten heels, or opt for your best baggy jeans and trendy platform sneakers. It also comes in several high-style colorways that make a statement — we’re lusting over this glossy cherry red.What testers say: “It seemed impossible to find an oversized and cropped leather jacket in great quality, until I ran into this one. It may be a bit overwhelming for people that are the same size as me or smaller (00/XXS), but I personally love the fit. The leather is lightweight, soft and flexible, and I love how all the pockets are real usable pockets. Wouldn’t recommend if you absolutely hate shoulder pads. Overall, it’s a beautiful jacket and it’ll definitely stay in my closet for a very, very long time!”Price upon publish date of this article: $550	

		The popular Leather Lady Jacket from J.Crew gives the edgy staple a posh spin. The iconic Lady Jacket silhouette is especially versatile because it can serve as feminine outerwear or a refined top with a skirt or straight-leg jeans. The brand’s attention to detail, from premium leather to gold crest buttons and vintage-inspired tailored seams, brings this day-to-night standout to a particularly luxe place.What testers say: “This jacket is absolutely stunning in person! The construction, fit, material —everything is really well done and definitely worth the price. I would say the fit is a little on the smaller side. I’m 180 lbs, 5’4″ and I got a 10 and while it does fit, I would not be able to layer under it, so if you’re wanting to do that I would perhaps go up a size. I 100% recommend this jacket. A classic silhouette and beautifully made piece that can be in your closet for years!”Price upon publish date of this article: $598	

		There’s nothing like the feeling of strutting around in a long black leather trench coat. It’s a powerful silhouette that carries an outfit by itself, and acts as layering statement you for rainy days, like a trench. This double breasted option from the leather jacket experts at Blanknyc has a streamlined fit, which leaves ample room for layering flowy frocks underneath. Wear it closed for added warmth on nights out, paired with your favorite belt to accentuate the waist, or undone as a high-style cape-like fit.Price upon publish date of this article: $122	

		This Allsaints leather jacket is a refined option for daily wear. It includes signature motorcycle jacket elements while maintaining a clean-cut design with its asymmetrical zip and gold hardware that adds a luxe touch. This form-fitting, lightweight leather jacket can frame an outfit without overwhelming it, and the soft lambskin leather will look better with wear — so you can never throw it on too many times. What testers say: “This leather jacket is buttery-soft and feels nice to the skin and touch. This is an investment piece that you will wear any time you feel like rocking a jacket, a leather one at that. This leather jacket makes you look put-together and I love that it elevates my simple style.”Price upon publish date of this article: $499	

		It doesn’t get more sustainable than this find from Hyer Goods. While vegan leather is often better for the animals, there’s a lot of leftover genuine leather scraps that go to waste, which is why, if you’re not shopping vintage, recycled blends are generally best for the planet. This versatile blazer jacket is one of the best sustainable leather jackets, and is constructed with soft, upcycled lamb leather, so it already comes with that ideal lived-in look. Plus, it looks just as polished as any new release, with clean tailoring for a minimalist feel.Price upon publish date of this article: $375	

	Leather jackets continue to evolve with each season, and the iconic silhouette has erupted in new styles and sentiments for spring and summer 2024. At Coach, models walked for the first time in upcycled leather, shaped in wide, oversized moto silhouettes with classic biker hardware. Stella McCartney, a frontrunner in eco-friendly fabrications, showed cropped jackets made of circular vegan leather — of which last season’s presentation featured a first-of-its-kind plant-based, plastic-free leather alternative, called Mirum, in handbags. Other prominent brands like Hermès and Gucci are also including vegan leather alternatives in jackets and beyond. 

	“Faux leather jackets are trending and make an excellent investment,” notes Maguire. “Agolde and Blanknyc have a great assortment of quality, vegan leather jackets that work well with any wardrobe.” Sustainable and upcycled leather jacket options are also becoming increasingly more shoppable from leather heritage brands like Saint Laurent.

	Along with Coach, the oversized jacket reigned supreme across the Louis Vuitton and Bottega Veneta spring runways as well as Gucci Cruise 2025, while Acne Studios opted for sleek, longline blazer styles that fell at a midi hem. We also saw leather take new shapes at Chloé, Dion Lee, Jacquemus, and Robert Wun Couture, whether as full-body dresses that created curves through puff sleeves and asymmetrical elements, or as cropped puffer jackets that ballooned in volume above the waist.

	










	When it comes to street style, leather jackets are always in. This season, we saw leather styled from head-to-toe on fashion week attendees, from blazer cuts to billowing trenches. There were several sightings of full-body leather blazers-turned-dresses and longline jackets with waist-cinching leather ribbons. Of course, there was no shortage of timeless biker styles, though they unexpectedly appeared in rich browns and reds, carrying on this year’s prominent deep red color trends.

	Off the bat, there’s no “wrong” way to style a leather jacket. Leather, whether real or faux, can look luxe and elevated or relaxed and ultra-cool, but it’s all in the pairings you choose based on the occasion. Of course, different silhouettes lend themselves to different functions, like sleek blazers for work or cropped styles for nights out, but the magic of a classic leather jacket style lies in its boundless versatility. Below, we’ve styled the Editor’s Choice Banana Republic Enola Leather Moto Jacket that exemplifies a quintessential leather jacket silhouette for the range of occasions and style perspectives for summer.

	A classic moto leather jacket is the ultimate throw-on-and-go piece, and dresses up even the most casual outfits. This daytime leather jacket outfit will take you from an errand run to brunch, and features a simple outfit formula of an easy white t-shirt and midi denim skirt. This neutral base allows you to play with any combination of fun accessories, so we leaned into a western-inspired vibe with a burst of red cowboy boots. Speaking of hardware, select more minimalist jewelry that won’t compete with the rest of your high-style staples, like these shiny gold hoops that tie in the jacket’s warm hardware.

Banana Republic Enola Leather Moto Jacket 

Shown with: Skims Soft Smoothing Seamless T-Shirt ($54), Mango Denim Midi-Skirt ($49.99), Banana Republic Ravena Large Round Hoops ($80), Tecovas The Annie Boots ($295)











	Office attire has evolved in recent years to welcome more personality and comfort, though your work ensemble shouldn’t stray too far from refined. Wearing a leather jacket in professional environments may seem far-fetched, but it can actually serve the purpose of a blazer when styled correctly. Start with a dressy midi skirt and then choose a neckline that means business, like a crisp button-down. For long days at the office, you can opt for a heel, an ankle boot, or a smart loafer, but we chose elegant Mary Jane flats to offer comfort and support for bustling commutes. Each piece brings a softer feel to the harsh leather jacket, while leveraging its luxe leather material as a polish point.

Banana Republic Enola Leather Moto Jacket 

Shown with: TWP Next Ex Cropped Cotton Shirt ($335), J.Crew Gwyneth Slip Skirt ($44.50), Rothy’s The Square Mary Jane Shoes ($159)

	Similar to a black leather jacket, the best part about nighttime is that it serves as a backdrop to play with textures and colors that you wouldn’t otherwise grab for in the day. For this look, we opted for a sheeny champagne mini dress that allows the jacket’s hardware to pop — plus, you can never go wrong with the ease, comfort, and ’90s polish of slip dress. Considering that the dress and jacket will command all the shine, we kept the details subdued, with black strappy sandals with a slight block heel, perfect for dancing or walking on pavement, and silver huggie earrings. 

Banana Republic Enola Leather Moto Jacket 

Shown with: Intimissimi Silk Slip ($99), Mejuri Patra Medium Hoops ($78), JW Pei Harlee Shoulder Bag ($89), Everlane The Double Strap Heels ($158)

	On your hunt for your second skin, there are several different styles to consider, as well as the type of leather you select. Mesquita explains that genuine leather derived from animals is the most natural choice, and comes with a unique texture that develops a soft patina finish over time. “Leather is more breathable, while some faux leather can be less breathable,” he says. “Ultimately, the choice between genuine and faux leather depends on personal preferences, budget, and ethical considerations.”

	While Mesquita notes that synthetic leather can be made from various materials such as polyurethane or PVC that can feel artificial in texture, there are also a number of sustainable or vegan leather jackets worth trying for a softer, more organic feel. Brands like Apparis offer 100 percent cruelty-free vegan leather in a myriad of finishes and colorways, while Hyer Goods creates leather jackets from deadstock that already feels lived-in. You can shop genuine leather from responsible brands like Banana Republic and Veda, or splurge on the most premium quality leather from brands Acne Studios, Allsaints, or Staud for decades worth of wear — or, opt for reversible two-in-one jackets, which make for versatile and sustainable options in the long run.

	The motorcycle leather jacket or biker leather jacket is one of the most common leather jacket styles. It’s been around since 1928 when Schott NYC released the “Perfecto” jacket worn by Harley Davidson, and was later revamped in the ‘80s with patches and studs during the rebellious rock and roll era. The moto jacket was designed to be thick and durable for motorcycle riders as protection against the elements and padding for potential injuries. It hugs tight to the torso, often with a belted hem, and is made with thick leather, functional pockets, and tough-looking embellishments. Trends today reimagine the style in oversized and cropped iterations as a sexy statement piece for casual daytime activities or city nights.

	










	“Oversized moto styles are a must. They’re timeless and can complement any look,” says Maguire. “I think a classic, oversized moto is the perfect silhouette that can be paired with a number of looks.” Celebs like Irina Shayk, Dua Lipa, and Hailey Bieber have all been seen rocking vintage-inspired motorcycle jackets in their luxe-cool street style this year.

	Leather blazers are a clean, sophisticated take on rich leather and are great for wearing from the office to happy hour. Like a normal blazer, women’s leather blazers fall at the middle of the hip, cinch in at the waist, and often have a traditional notch lapel. Kaia Gerber’s often seen in relaxed versions, pairing it with straight denim jeans on a coffee run, while Gigi Hadid loves to elevate feminine skirts with a structured leather blazer that tucks in at her waist.

	Leather trench coats are a wardrobe staple for year-round wear. This style is ideal for brisk-but-not-freezing weather because it sits tight to the body and its length, which can fall from mid-thigh to well past the knee, blocks out a cold breeze and can often serve as a raincoat. On a trip to Paris, Kim Kardashian wore a long black leather trench to a PSG soccer game, styled with over-the-knee boots. Selena Gomez’s New York City style keeps all kinds of trenches on rotation, and she was spotted this spring in a plum-colored leather tie-waist trench while filming “Only Murders In The Building,” paired with a pink collared shirt and white Dr. Marten’s boots.

	Leather bomber jackets give weight and high function to the traditional, aviator-inspired jacket and are a great everyday layering piece. They’re often oversized with simple, sporty detailing, so they can be paired with athleisure for a casual lunch look or dressed up with heels for a dinner date or nighttime event. The Loewe Quilted Leather Bomber Jacket has taken over celebs’ Instagram outfit posts in the past couple of months, including Kendall Jenner, Lori Harvey, and Hailey Bieber, and features an ultra-puffy silhouette and buttery-smooth leather finish. However, for more warm-weather appropriate stylings, take cues from the Gucci Cruise 2025 runway, which showed baggy bombers and sheer slip skirts for textural contrast and effortless elegance.

	










	Leather jackets are meant to be lived in and worn over and over, so prioritizing versatility and durability is a must. They’re an investment piece, so it should be a style you adore and feel comfortable in — whether you want to feel too cool for school or sleek and sophisticated. “I think it all comes down to your budget and style,” says  Mesquita. “When investing in a leather jacket, consider the design, fit, and overall style that aligns with your personal taste and wardrobe.”

	Similarly, Maguire recommends factoring in fit, quality, and price before placing a purchase. “You first want to make sure the fit feels right. I tend to go for an oversized look, so I can layer it with knits when the temperature drops” she adds. “When you first buy your leather jacket, I suggest wearing it as much as possible to break it in properly. You want to soften those stiff leathers to achieve that vintage look that we all adore.”

How to clean genuine leather jackets: If your leather jacket is in need of a refresh, Mesquita says to use a damp cloth and wipe off dirt and dust. “For deeper cleaning,” he says, “use a leather-specific cleaner recommended for your type of leather.” Many brands offer leather cleaning advice for their own pieces, such as Acne Studios, Hyer Goods, or Reformation. You may even find that the brand of your leather jacket offers its own cleaner, which will ensure the most gentle and effective wash.

How to clean vegan leather jackets: “Vegan leather is often more forgiving than genuine leather, ” says Mesquita. “You can gently hand wash it in cold water with mild soap.” However, to prevent tears or altering its shape, he says to “avoid vigorous scrubbing or wringing.”

	










Conditioning: If your genuine leather jacket is feeling stiff, Mesquita recommends applying a leather conditioner to keep the leather supple and prevent cracking. It’s natural that a leather jacket will lose its elasticity over long periods of use, as natural oils within the leather fibers can dry out in different weather conditions, so a leather conditioner can restore it to a flexible, comfortable fit. After cleaning your leather jacket, spot test a leather conditioner of choice, and then coat the leather using a microfiber cloth soaked in the product. Let the jacket dry for at least 24 hours, and wipe away any remaining residue before wearing.

Storage: No matter the slouchy or fitted style, it’s important to maintain the shape of your jacket to get the most use out of it over time. Mesquita advises to hang your leather jacket on a padded hanger for best structure support, as this will maintain its shape and avoid wrinkles, kinks, and bends. “Keep your jacket away from prolonged exposure to moisture,” adds Mesquita, “as this can damage leather. If it gets wet, let it air dry naturally at room temperature.” He also recommends using a leather protector or waterproofing spray as a shield against stains and moisture — but always make sure to spot test. 

	










Protection and repairs: If you own a vegan leather jacket, Mesquita says that minor repairs like stitching or patching small tears can be done at home with a sewing kit. But, regardless of real or faux leather, if your jacket is seeing significant damage, it’s best to bring it to the professionals, like Leather Spa in New York City.  

	Since 1910, WWD — often referred to as “the fashion bible” — has been the leading industry voice of authority for senior executives in the global women’s and men’s fashion, retail and beauty communities, while also informing the consumer media that cover the market. Today, WWD’s breaking news and trend coverage continues to be a trustworthy resource for both fashion insiders and consumers alike. Our shopping editors continue to uphold WWD’s editorial standards and values with quality, expert-backed product selections.

	To choose the best leather jackets for women, we interviewed a style industry expert for selections and recommendations, as well as key knowledge on leather jacket styling, long-term care, and popular brands among customers. We curated the best leather jackets for women based on emerging styles, classic designs, and current streetwear trends. We also considered wide research in the outwear market including comparisons of customer review quotes, innovative fabric usage, and our own leather jacket product testing. Additionally, WWD Shop editors conducted three rounds of product testing over one year-long period to determine high-quality construction and versatile design that’s satisfactory for the range of needs and style preferences. Learn more about us here. 

Caroline Huang Maguire is the Fashion Director at Shopbop. She works with fashion buyers and marketing teams to curate current shopping trends. With over 15 years of fashion industry experience under her belt, she’s an expert in shopping trends and emerging brands.

David Mesquita is the Vice President of Leather Spa, an artisan leather repair and care studio based in New York City, and has been working for the family business for over 34 years. His father, Carlos Mesquita, first opened Leather Spa in France, before moving it to New York City in the early 1980s. 

	










Olivia Cigliano is a Commerce Writer & Producer at Footwear News and WWD where she writes and edits shopping content across fashion, beauty, footwear, TikTok style trends, and more. Cigliano received her bachelor’s degree in journalism from Emerson College, and her byline can be found in publications including Elite Daily and CR Fashion Book. She is currently based in New York City. Cigliano updated this leather jacket shopping guide for 2024 with retailer new releases, editor’s choice recommendations, and fresh trends for summer. 
Sign up for WWD news straight to your inbox every day
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
WWD and Women's Wear Daily are part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All Rights Reserved.