The star took a page from Alex Chung's style notebook for her SiriusXM studio visit.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Selena Gomez was fresh-faced and casually dressed for a visit to the SiriusXM studios on Dec. 9 in Los Angeles. The star, who recently received a Golden Globe nomination for her supporting role in the Netflix movie musical Emilia Pérez, was all smiles for her appearance on Radio Andy's "The Jess Cagle Show with Julia Cunningham."
Gomez carried fall's suede trend into winter with a warm brown double-breasted trench coat from Alexa Chung's second collection for Madewell. Retail Diary author and Puck contributor Sarah Shapiro previously told Marie Claire's Julia Marzovilla she considers the suede trend an extension of pop culture's broader fixation on Western motifs, as seen on the runways of Louis Vuitton, Ralph Lauren, Miu Miu, and Bottega Veneta. Of course, the classic cut of Gomez's suede overcoat makes the piece feel more timeless than trendy. Designed to channel vintage outerwear, the calf-length piece showcases blazer-inspired peak lapels and a tie belt for optional cinching at the waist.
Selena Gomez poses with hosts Jess and Julia in a brown suede double-breasted overcoat from Madewell's second collaboration with Alexa Chung. 
The Only Murders in the Building actor layered her suede overcoat atop a white crewneck T-shirt. Her jeans were secured with a wide suede belt featuring an oval-shaped gold buckle. The perfect white T-shirt depends on who you ask, but lately I can't get La Ligne's vintage-inspired, slim-fit Molly Tee out of my head. Jennifer Lawrence wore hers with a cherry red sweater and a black maxi shirt shortly after announcing her second pregnancy with her gallerist husband Cooke Maroney in October.
Selena Gomez wears jeans, a white crewneck T-shirt, and a brown suede belt.
Her flippy lob haircut—which she first debuted at a special screening of Emilia Pérez in late October—was given a sleek blowout for the occasion.
During this week's interview on Cagle's show, the Rare Beauty billionaire spoke about how starring in the film reinvigorated her lifelong passion for music.
“More than anything, I’ve never felt so inspired,” Gomez told the hosts. “The work I’m doing now is everything I’ve worked hard to do, and I’m so proud and so fulfilled.”
Perhaps her suede trench is a sign of what's to come. I certainly wouldn't be opposed to a country album cycle.
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.
Hanna Lustig is a staff writer at Marie Claire, where she gets to gab every day about the topics she holds most dear: fashion, beauty, and celebrity. Hanna’s editorial journey began with formative internships at Elle and InStyle, where she was lucky enough to work for some of the smartest women in media while she was still in college at the University of Tennessee. Hanna then accepted a digital culture reporting fellowship at Insider, where she helped carve out a new beat dedicated to covering influencers. Those experiences later served her well as a staff writer at Glamour, where she developed a knack for spinning quick turnaround celebrity news and trend reporting into juicy feature stories. Some of her greatest hits include an earnest ode to the no-pants trend, this meticulously reported feature exploring the rise of endoscopic facelifts, this snappy take on the Chanel-designed fantasy of Sofia Richie’s wedding, this tribute to WAGs past and present, and this timeline of Katie Holmes’s life and career as told through her denim collection.
Diane Keaton once hung up on Hanna during an interview, but thankfully that mishap did not derail what has otherwise been a deeply fulfilling career writing for and about women. As one of Marie Claire's resident experts on style and culture, her current coverage ranges from exploring TikTok's contrast makeup theory and the return of the boat shoe trend to interviews with costume designers for hit shows like Nobody Wants This and The Penguin. When she’s not at work, Hanna can probably be found listening to pop music, talking to her dog, and gossiping with her best friends. For more of Hanna’s perfect opinions on pop culture, you can follow her on Instagram and X.

They've "never been fazed by being out in public."


The fashion cross-over I didn't know I needed.


From the coolest Adidas sneakers to luxury waterproof eyeliner.


With a corporate twist.


This runway look is unlike any other.


It's made for twirling—and daily life.


She's lapping the street style competition in looks we all can shop.


The dress's previous owner has a lot to do with the first Monday in May...


It also comes from an insider-favorite Adidas collaborator.


I can't resist following their lead.


From her closet to our carts.


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.