Selena Gomez's heart doesn't want to say goodbye to Rare Beauty anytime soon.
The Only Murders in the Building star addressed the rumors that she's getting ready to sell her famed beauty brand, and luckily for fans of Rare Beauty, Selena is sticking around for the foreseeable future.
"I don't think I'm going anywhere," she said during a conversation for the 2024 TIME100 Summit April 24. "I am enjoying this a little too much."
The 31-year-old—who is currently in a relationship with Benny Blanco —added that Rare Beauty has "so many fun things coming up" and that she's "just looking forward to being a part of this."
As she put it: "This is my pride and joy."
Rare Beauty is especially near and dear to her heart as the brand's focus isn't only on beauty, but also on mental health, with a percentage of sales going towards mental health care and support resources through the Rare Beauty Impact Fund.
"I didn't want to really enter the cosmetics world without a mission," she continued. "It was actually a dream that kind of happened within this brand, and on top of it we were able to make hopefully decent products."
And that focus on mental health support is particularly important to the Wizards of Waverly Place alum, as she's been very candid about her bipolar diagnosis.
"All these confusing things were happening," Selena explained. "Once I finally found the answer, it wasn't ‘Oh, I have this problem.' It actually made me feel better to know and understand what was happening in my mind." 
According to Rare Beauty's Vice President of Social Impact and Inclusion, Elyse Cohen, the Impact Fund has already raised more than $13 million dollars since its launch. And Selena is endlessly thankful for the community Rare Beauty has helped build.
"That is what makes me happy every night when I go to sleep," she said, "because it's mission driven."
Selena isn't the only celebrity to have her own beauty brand. Keep reading to see which other stars have entered the beauty game.
The one and only Rihanna changed the game when she came out with her Fenty Beauty line in 2017. Not only did she release 40 foundation shades, forging a new industry standard, but she has since created innovative and exciting products. She also released Fenty Skin and has Fenty Hair on the horizon.
In February, Selena announced Rare Beauty and it finally launched in September 2020. The brand's initial release featured a 12-range lineup. From foundation, makeup tools and liquid lipsticks to liquid liner, blushes and more, Rare Beauty has all your bases covered.
The Grammy winner launched her new haircare line, Cécred, which features an eight-piece collection that helps cleanse, condition and repair tresses.
"My entire life and career, I've worn my hair in so many different ways: natural, flat-ironed, braids, colored, weaves, wigs," Beyoncé said in a press release shared with E! News. "I want everyone to have the freedom to express their hair in ways that make them feel good."
Mother Monster delighted her fans when she released her own cosmetics brand, Haus Laboratories, in 2019. While the songstress is no stranger to the beauty world, she decided to create something for everyone. From glimmering lipsticks to long-lasting shadows, her makeup has become a holy grail. And in June 2022, Lady Gaga "re-imagined" her brand with completely new products, a new retailer and more.
The Modern Family alum debuted her beauty line called Toty with daily essentials—a CC cream, compact, serum and more—that prioritize suncare protection. "Growing up in Colombia, my life revolved around being outside in the sun," the actress said in a press release. "I loved the sun, but little did I know, the sun wasn't loving me back! Once I learned the true benefits of suncare and protecting my skin from sun damage and photoaging, I was hooked. I created toty with the idea that suncare should be an effortless part of your daily beauty routine—it's my biggest beauty secret."
It's safe to say Gwyneth's name is synonymous with Goop. After building her lifestyle and wellness empire, entering the beauty world was a natural next step. From power-packed face serums to unique body tools, the brand is chock-full of luxury products.
From vibrant liquid eyeshadows in holographic purples to universally flattering lip stains, Ariana Grande's r.e.m. beauty has everything you need to look out-of-this-world. In addition, the pop star recently entered the body care space with a collection featuring lotions, body washes and more.
Nearly a decade after debuting her eponymous fashion label, the former Spice Girls member launched her namesake beauty brand. From shimmery (and crystal-infused) eyeshadows to high-quality serums, Victoria's line blends luxury with glamour.
Michelle Pfeiffer
Michelle made a scentsational foray into the fragrance market with her brand, Henry Rose.
“I set out to create Henry Rose with a very clear vision," she told Elle Canada in March, "which was to create a fine fragrance that met three equally important criteria: disclosed 100 percent of its ingredients, met the strict health and safety standards of the Environmental Working Group, and could compete in the mainstream marketplace."
Ciara
The "Goodies" singer debuted her skincare brand, OAM—an acronym she created for the phrase "on a mission"—on Sept. 15. "You've been asking," she teased in an Aug. 29 Instagram, "and here it is. Meet my secret sauce." Her line will feature five vitamin C-infused products, including a serum, eye cream and cleanser (to name a few).
Serena Williams
The tennis champion came into the beauty space swinging. Serena launched Wyn Beauty, which features everything from foundation to lipstick and mascara, packaged in a vibrant chartreuse color. Another standout detail? The brand notes the line is created "with deeper skin tones as the starting point." 
The model released Rhode in 2022 to much success as her three-product line completely sold out after it hit online shelves. She has since launched a cleanser and lip glosses.
The singer launched GXVE by Gwen Stefani in March 2022, giving fans lipsticks in her signature red, eyeshadows in everyday colors and more. She rounded up her debut line with a face oil, brow products and liners in electrifying shades.
After collaborating with top cosmetics companies, the music sensation decided to release her own, Treslúce Beauty. She launched an eye collection first, which included an eyeshadow palette, eyeliners and falsies. Speaking to E! News in September 2021, she opened up about this exciting new chapter, sharing, "There's been something in the air for me, as a creative person, that felt it was just time."
Weeks after announcing they were pregnant in January 2021, the singer debuted their very own beauty brand: About Face. From a collection of wildly colorful eye shadows, dazzling highlighters and a range of liquid lipsticks, Halsey described their line as "make u(p) without rules." They also debuted a spinoff brand, af94, which is full of beauty products under $10.
Gabrielle Union
The actress released Flawless by Gabrielle Union, a haircare line that features products for "textured hair, protective styles and wigs." She and husband Dwyane Wade also introduced Proudly, a line made for melanated babies.
In early 2020, the actress overjoyed fans with her eponymous haircare line, TPH by Taraji. Luckily, the brand's lavish yet inexpensive product range is available at Target. Best of all? The Empire star keeps blessing us with fun tutorials on her Instagram. In 2022, she released a body care collection full of lotions, oils, body wash and so much more.
The supermodel finally shared her beauty secrets with us normals when she launched Kora Organics. Skincare lovers are fans of the brand's Noni Glow Face Oil, Noni Glow Sleeping Mask and Noni Night AHA Resurfacing Serum. Plus, some products are made with crystals. Now that's magical!
Jennifer Lopez
Fans can finally get that iconic J.Lo glow now that the star released her eponymous beauty line. From a luminous complexion booster to a power-packed face serum, the singer has all your essentials covered.
Alicia Keys
The singer entered the beauty space with a vision of how important self-care is. Keys Soulcare released with three key products: a gentle moisturizer, a crystal-infused roller and a relaxing candle.
The supermodel debuted her inclusive makeup line in 1994. Since then, Iman's namesake brand continues to be a force in the industry with its diverse collection of products that caters to Black, Indigenous and people of color.
Famous for her tear-dripping mascara on The Hills, it makes sense Lauren Conrad would step into the beauty space. For her initial launch, LC released a range of lipsticks, a gloss, a liquid liner and more. Best of all? Her line is vegan, cruelty-free and made with eco-friendly packaging.
The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills star can now add beauty mogul to her ever-growing resume! And in true Lisa fashion, her first-ever collection for Rinna Beauty featured three gorgeous lip kits—each including lipstick, gloss and liner.
Feeling like a material girl? Madonna's beauty brand has you covered. Named after her moniker and 2012 album, MDNA Skin, is luxury in a bottle—literally, as the line includes products in the $150, $200 and $600 range.
The actress launched her makeup brand, Honest Beauty, in 2015—and it's been a household staple since. Some fans faves from her line: the smudge-proof liquid lipsticks, the dual-ended mascara and primer and face masks.
In September 2022, the Blink-182 drummer announced that he expanded Barker Wellness into skincare, introducing products such a face serum, eye cream, moisturizer and more. He exclusively told E! News the product he loves to use when it's cold, sharing, "The Renewal Balm is amazing year-round but especially a great go-to for the months where it may be a little drier. It's packed with hydrating and rejuvenating ingredients."
The Golden Globe-winning actress first launched her Flower Beauty brand back in 2013. Since hitting the shelves, people have raved about its highly-pigmented blushes, nourishing lipsticks and durable setting sprays. Plus, most items cost fewer than a cocktail!
When it comes to beauty and fashion, Tracee Ellis Ross is always leading the way with her fun, fabulous and fierce lewks. So it was easy to see why she came out with her haircare line, Pattern. As the brand put it, it's "here to fulfill the unmet beauty needs of the curly, coily and tight-textured hair community."
Kylie Jenner
What started out as a demand for lip kits, Kylie Cosmetics has turned into a fully-fledged line. The reality TV personality sold a 51 percent stake of the company to Coty Inc. for $600 million in 2020. She has since launched several new collections.
Ever wonder how the '90s super looks so dang good? The 54-year-old star credits her skincare company, Meaningful Beauty. From neck treatments to SPF-infused day creams to plumping lip gloss, there's a little bit of everything.
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.