Source: Christopher Polk / Getty
Sexyy Red is turning up the heat this summer with her latest business venture—a bold and unapologetically raunchy line of lip glosses. Known for her explicit lyrics and no-holds-barred attitude, the rapper is bringing that same energy to the beauty world with her new makeup brand, fittingly named “Sexyy.”
On Monday (Aug. 19), Sexyy Red took to social media to unveil her lip gloss line in a series of provocative photos. In one shot, she cheekily posed with the box of glosses perched on her behind, letting fans know this launch is anything but conventional.
But it’s not just the poses that have people talking—it’s the names of the glosses themselves. True to her unfiltered style, the shades include names like “Coochie Juice,” “Bootyhole Brown,” “Nut,” “P***yhole Pink,” “Yellow Discharge,” “Gonorrhea,” “Blue Ballz,” and “Sex on the Beach” (which, in a twist, is fruit-scented). These NSFW names are sure to raise eyebrows and spark conversations, but that’s precisely the point.
Fans on Instagram are already showing major love for the new line, with many praising Sexyy Red as a “marketing genius” for her daring approach. While her lip glosses might make some blush, there’s no denying that she’s carving out her own space in the beauty industry.
Sexyy Red joins a growing list of musicians who have ventured into the world of makeup. Icons like Rihanna with her Fenty Beauty line, Selena Gomez with Rare Beauty, and Lady Gaga with Haus Labs have all found success in the beauty biz. But with her unique brand of raunchy charm, Sexyy Red is putting her own unforgettable spin on it.
Sexyy shared the announcement on her personal Instagram account. She posed in the camera with a variety pack of her new gloss covering her bottom with the caption, “BO$$ LADY SPEAKIN …. New and improved @sexyyred_products is back better den eva !! introducing NORTHSIDE PRINCESS the brand @getnorthside  My first product will b my lipgloss •CoochieJuice •Bootyh0leBrown •Nut •P*ssyholePink •YellowDischarge •Gonorrhea •BlueBallz •SexOnMyPeriod (fruit scented) .”


Sexyy Red Launches Raunchy Line of Lip Glosses With Flavor Names Like “Bootyhole Brown,” “Nut” & “Blue Ballz” 
						was originally published on
						globalgrind.com



									Listen Live								

									2025 Cincinnati Music Festival Lineup Announced								

									Win $125 + Tickets to Key Glock AND Tyler the Creator!								

									Text Club Terms								

									Country Meat Co. Marketplace Becomes the 1st Black-Owned Grocer in Cincinnati								

									WIZ Prom Crashers - Submit Your High School Today!								

									The Banks Goes 21+ on Weekend Nights Amid Safety Concerns								

									Who is Skai Jackson's Boyfriend "Yerkky Yerkky"?								

					We care about your data. See our privay policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.