Just like magic, the Russos are back.
Everything is not as it seems, Wizards of Waverly Place fans. Sure, the magical series may have ended in 2013, but it’s casting a resurrection spell over a decade later. A new sequel series will bring the Russo family back, and yes, that includes Selena Gomez reprising her role as the undisputed queen of sarcasm, Alex Russo.
The revival was first announced on Jan. 18, with Deadline reporting that Disney had ordered a pilot. Then, a little over two months later, Disney Channel picked up the new show, meaning it will live on for at least one full season. And it’s getting a perfectly spooky premiere date.
There’s a lot to be excited about the Russos performing their magic once again. For one thing, the original show’s two central cast members are returning. Gomez will guest star in the pilot episode as Alex, and David Henrie is slated to star in the series as a regular, reprising his role of Alex’s studious older brother Justin.
The revival, titled Wizards Beyond Waverly Place, is also being executive produced by the team behind Raven’s Home, the popular That’s So Raven sequel series that’s aired six full seasons on Disney Channel. Clearly, they have the recipe for success when it comes to bringing back beloved Disney classics.
As you wait for the Wizards return, here are all the details we know about the upcoming show.
The star of the revival series is Justin Russo, who has given up his magical abilities to instead lead a normal life with his wife and two sons. However, Justin must re-embrace the world of magic when a young wizard approaches him in need of a mentor.
Initially, Gomez and Henrie were the only original cast members confirmed to return, with Gomez only appearing as a guest star in the first episode. Then, a cute reunion pic confirmed David DeLuise and Maria Canals Barrera will reprise their role as parents Jerry and Theresa Russo.
Although Jake T. Austin was absent from the photo (and famously wasn’t around for much of the show’s final season), it sounds like he will be returning as Max to complete the Russo fam. Austin shared the reunion pic and wrote that he was “looking forward to getting together with [his] Wizards family.”
The rest of the new show’s main cast will be a whole new generation.
Janice LeAnn Brown will star as Billie, a promising young wizard whom Justin agrees to train in the magical arts. Mimi Gianopulos will play Justin’s wife, and Alkaio Thiele and Max Matenko will play the couple’s sons.
Upon the announcement that the reboot got a series order, Disney Channel shared a first look at the pilot episode, showing Gomez’s Alex leaning on her brother Justin’s shoulder. It’s an unexpectedly somber photo to celebrate the pickup news, although from Disney Channel’s post, it looks like they were recreating a pose from the original series.
Disney shared a first look at the new series on Sept. 24. In the clip, Alex convinces her resistant brother to begin teaching magic again, introducing him to a powerful young pupil, Billie.
Wizards Beyond Waverly Place will premiere on Oct. 29 on Disney Channel, with episodes streaming the next day on Disney+.
This article was originally published on 01.18.24
Be the first to know what's trending, straight from Elite Daily