The Last Leg, Foot Fault, I Am Darren and the best of the rest of the week's TV comedy
Our pick of the comedy on TV, radio and streaming this week…:
ONLY MURDERS IN THE BUILDING: Martin Short, Steve Martin and Selena Gomez return for a fourth series as a movie studio shows interest in bringing their true-crime podcast to the silver screen. Guest stars this season include Meryl Streep, Eva Longoria, Kumail Nanjiani, Melissa McCarthy, Eugene Levy, Zach Galifianakis and Paul Rudd. Disney+
ADAM HILLS: FOOT FAULT: The comedian takes viewers behind the scenes of a global campaign around the growing form of the sport - Para-Standing Tennis - and its potential to become a future Grand Slam and Paralympic event. Adam meets and plays with former Grand Slam winners and uncovers the barriers faced by aspiring tennis players with disabilities who want to be included in their sport at the highest level. Sky Documentaries, 9pm
ADAM SANDLER: LOVE YOU: The comic hits the stage for a new Netflix special featuring songs, jokes, party-crashing dogs and plenty of love, according to the streamer.
THE LAST LEG IN PARIS The Last Leg returns to its Paralympic roots, with Adam Hills, Alex Brooker and Josh Widdicombe mixing sporting action and comedy entertainment. They will be joined by comedian Josh Pugh, who'll bring all the news on the Games. Live studio guests for the first episode also include Rosie Jones and former rugby union player turned Paralympics presenter Ed Jackson. Channel 4, 10.30pm. It's back tomorrow and Friday at 9.30pm too.
ROB & ROMESH VS HOLLYWOOD STUNTS: Rob Beckett and Romesh Ranganathan's series returns, starting wth a show about stuntmen. In Los Angeles they meet The Fall Guy stars Ryan Gosling and Emily Blunt before training with the film's director David Leitch. Then, back to the UK, Rob and Romesh get set to perform a genuine stunt as they go from Hollywood to Hollyoaks. Sky Max, 9pm
I AM DARREN: In this comedy short, taking the form of a high-end sports mockumentary, Josh Pugh - yes, him again - plays a fictional, Paralympic tandem cyclist making his comeback at Paris 2024. BBC Three, 9.55pm
CLASSIC MOVIES - THE STORY OF… I'M ALL RIGHT, JACK!: The documentary series explores the 1958 workplace farce/satire in which Peter Sellers plays trade union shop steward Fred Kite, Sky Arts, 8pm
JOHN KEARNS: THE VARNISHING DAYS: Double Edinburgh Comedy Award winner John Kearns’ debut special, taped at London’s Royal Court Theatre, reflects on how his career's changed, post-Taskmaster, and so much more besides. Sky Comedy, 9pm
Published: 25 Aug 2024

Could you be a 2025 Edinburgh Comedy Award judge?


Matt Forde gets his first Radio 4 political comedy series


Russell Brand granted bail


'The god of wind is racist'


No second series for Chris McCausland’s talk show


Edinburgh Fringe partners with AI giant

Gig of the day Angela Barnes: AngstLyme Regis Marine Theatre

Book Now Scott Bennett: Blood Sugar BabySoho TheatreThursday 8th May from 19:00Book now

Book Now Sean McLoughlin: White ElephantCardiff Glee ClubSunday 4th May from 19:30Book now

Book Now Gary Meikle: NeurospicyInverness Town HouseThursday 15th May from 19:00Book now
Gig of the day Natalie Palamides: WeerSoho Theatre Walthamstow from 20:00

Book Now Elf Lyons: HorsesYork Theatre@41 MonkgateFriday 23rd May from 20:00Book now
Chortle had 173,000 unique visitors in April 2025. We are currently listing 20,992 upcoming comedy events.
– Sam Kinison
Website and all original content copyright © Chortle 2000 - 2025.
Designed and build by Powder Blue in association with
                        Chortle.
We see you are using AdBlocker software. Chortle relies on advertisers to fund this website so it’s free for you, so we would ask that you disable it for this site. Our ads are non-intrusive and relevant. Help keep Chortle viable.