Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
The film, written and directed by Jacques Audiard, hits Netflix on Nov. 13.

							By 

	Carly Thomas

Associate Editor

	The teaser trailer for Emilia Perez offers a glimpse at Zoe Saldaña, Selena Gomez and Karla Sofía Gascón in the critically acclaimed Netflix queer crime musical.

	From director-writer Jacques Audiard, the Spanish-language feature follows titular cartel boss Emilia (Gascón) who enlists Rita (Saldaña), an unappreciated lawyer, to help fake her own death so that she can finally embrace her true gender identity.



	“Through liberating song and dance and bold visuals, this odyssey follows the journey of four remarkable women in Mexico, each pursuing their own happiness,” the film’s logline reads.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	Movies
			



	
		
					Box Office: 'Thunderbolts*' Storming to $73M-$77M Opening, Alec Baldwin's 'Rust' Flops in Cinemas		
			














	
	TV
			



	
		
					Julia Garner Eyes FTX Limited Series at Netflix, Higher Ground Producing		
			








	The film also stars Gomez (Jessi), Adriana Paz (Epifanía) and Edgar Ramírez (Gustavo). Pauline Lamy was an executive producer on the project with Pascal Caucheteux, Jacques Audiard, Valérie Schermann and Anthony Vaccarello serving as producers.

	Earlier this year, Emilia Perez had its world premiere at the 77th Cannes Film Festival, where it won two awards, including the jury prize and best actress for Paz, Saldaña, Gomez and Gascón (the latter became the first trans actress to win in Cannes).

	“Women together — that’s something we wanted to honor when we made this award,” jury president Greta Gerwig said at the gala ceremony in May. “Each of them is a standout, but together transcendent.”

	In his review for The Hollywood Reporter, chief film critic David Rooney, wrote, “With Emilia Pérez, he [Audiard] has made something fresh, full of vitality and affecting, held aloft by its own quietly soaring power.”

Emilia Perez hits select theaters on Nov. 1 and starts streaming on Netflix on Nov. 13.
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.