This deals ends at midnight 

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

From Prime Big Deal Days and to Best Buy Member Deal Days, there are hundreds of deals to browse through this weekend. But here's one deal you won't find at just any retailer. 
Today only, you can get Disney Plus for just $1.99/month for your first three months. That's one of the best offers I've seen from Disney. After your three months are up, you can either cancel or keep your plan at the regular price of $9.99/month. 
Disney Plus: $1.99/month for 3 months @ Disney Plus
Ends today! Disney is offering a surprise discount on its Disney Plus Basic plan. For a limited time, you can get Disney Plus Basic (ad-supported) for $1.99/month for your first three months. After your three months are up, you can either cancel or keep your plan at the regular price of $9.99/month. You'll have access to the service's entire range of content including Marvel, Star Wars, Pixar and more.
Disney Plus: £1.99/month for 3 months @ Disney Plus
Ends today! Disney Plus is offering the same discount to subscribers based in the U.K, letting them pick up the service for £1.99/month for the first three months. After your promo period is over, you can cancel or keep your plan at the regular price of £7.99 per month.
We named Disney Plus one of the best streaming services currently available. If you've been wanting to try the service or waiting for the right deal, now is the time. Today's deal is also great in light of all the new Disney Plus shows in October. Upcoming shows include Agatha All Along (finale) and live broadcasts of Dancing with the Stars and the 2024 Rock & Roll Hall of Fame Induction. The deal comes just in time as Disney prepares to showcase other major new releases, including Pixar’s "Inside Out 2", which has already made waves as the highest-grossing animated movie of all time. 
Additionally, fans of the Disney Channel classic "Wizards of Waverly Place" can look forward to the new sequel series, "Wizards Beyond Waverly Place", starring Selena Gomez, set to premiere on October 30. 
Just make sure to snag this deal before midnight, as it's only valid through September 27.
Get instant access to breaking news, the hottest reviews, great deals and helpful tips.
As deals editor-in-chief at Tom’s Guide, Louis is constantly looking for ways to avoid paying full price for the latest gadgets, appliances, and apparel. With over 10 years of deals-hunting experience, Louis price checks against multiple retailers and searches high and low for the best deals to bring readers. He's also always on the look out for the best coupon codes to use when shopping. A born-and-bred New Yorker, Louis is also an avid swimmer and marathoner. His work has appeared on Gizmodo, CNET, and Time Out New York.

Tom's Guide is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury,
Bath
BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.