Beauty
They’re always switching it up on us.
If you had the most talented hair stylists and colorists on hand, you’d change up your hair regularly, too. That’s likely why, in just the first few months of 2024 alone, we’ve seen quite a few celebrities emerge with updated looks. Sydney Sweeney revealed a bob on the red carpet for the Vanity Fair Oscars after-party. We got a new single from Camila Cabello — with a platinum dye job to accompany her next era. We’ve even seen Zoey Deutch chop off all her hair and bleach it for an upcoming role. But we’ve also watched Megan Fox cycle through the color wheel — seemingly just for fun.
It can be hard to keep track of all the celebrity haircuts and color changes, with what feels like a new one every other day on Instagram, in a paparazzi photo, or at an event. So here, we’ve done the work of compiling the must-see looks of the year, all in one place. Read on to see all the best celebrity hair transformations of 2024, and make sure to check back regularly — you know there will be lots, lots more.
Megan Fox stayed mostly loyal to her dark brunette hair for many years — until she dyed it copper in May 2023. Since then, she’s chopped off some length and tried a rainbow of different shades, including bright red, Tumblr pink, and what her colorist Dimitris Giannetos is calling “Blue Jean.” 
Gigi Hadid might have caused a domino effect — just look at spring 2024’s fresh crop of bob haircuts — when she posted a video of her hair stylist Chris McMillan giving her a major chop.
Lighter, brighter hair colors are always a big trend for spring, but Zendaya’s recently highlighted lob cinches the deal.
Sydney Sweeney surprised everyone when she showed up to the Vanity Fair Oscars after-party with a freshly cut bob. She’s been embracing the shorter style, wearing it several different ways — straight, straight, wavy, and slicked back — all in the last month.
Dramatic cuts aren’t the only way to make a serious length change. Selena Gomez went from lob to lengthy (with bangs) between January and February.
Having sported a sleek bob for all of her (highly successful) award season, Edebri has more recently been seen with longer and curlier lengths. 
We love to see a hair transformation teasing a new music from a pop star, and Cabello’s icy platinum blonde look doesn’t disappoint.
Call it a make-under: Eilish dyed her bright red shadow roots back to a more natural black shade heading into the spring.
In preparation for an upcoming project, Zoey Deutch took her long, dark brown hair up into a gamine platinum pixie cut, courtesy of colorist Tracey Cunningham and stylist Bridget Brager.
Hailey Bieber is sure to set off a trend cycle now that her grown-out lob reaches past her shoulders and has been dyed a richer shade of espresso brown.
We’ve been loving Dixie D’Amelio’s short, ’90s-style cropped cut, but now in platinum blonde, the look has a whole new edgy energy.
Kardashian is known for making dramatic hair transformations — especially back and forth between her signature raven hair color and platinum blonde. But most recently, her go-to hairstylist Chris Appleton took her hair in a completely new direction with this shaggy pink pixie cut with natural roots.
For this year’s Met Gala, Michelle Williams interpreted the theme, “Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion,” by dying her icy blonde pixie cut a princess-perfect shade of pastel pink.
Soo Joo Park loves a bold, eye-catching hair color (she’s been platinum, baby blue, orange, and pink), but her new electric blue shade is out of this world.
The It Girl alum and actress cut off almost all of her hair for a face-framing pixie cut. Luckily, she has the bone structure to pull it off.
The singer-actress-chef and recently-engaged fiancée to Matty Healy changed her signature vampy black hair to a striking dirty blonde, and has been living out the “blondes have more fun” mantra ever since.
The actress and red carpet queen lobbed off several inches of her blonde ‘do for a fresher, shoulder-grazing bob that frames her face so well.
The Fenty Beauty queen is no stranger to a beauty transformation, constantly switching up her hair and makeup. But this switch-up is maybe the most incredible of all: letting us see her short, all-natural caramel curls, in honor of the upcoming Fenty Hair hair care line.
Alexa Chung normally doesn’t stray from her signature minimalist beauty look, but she just switched it up and dyed her hair a soft gingery auburn. 
The actress just stepped out at Wimbledon in England with a brand new hairstyle, taking a break from being a blonde with a fun new color: strawberry pink.
Corrin debuted a striking new jet-black hair color on the red carpet on July 7, proving their versatility after rocking both a buzzcut and blonde hair earlier this year. 
It’s not quite icy platinum, but Zendaya lightens up for summer nonetheless. On July 10, at a performance of a Jeremy O. Harris play in London, the star arrived with a new, sun-kissed blonde.
Mother Monster wowed at the Paris Olympics opening ceremony in her signature blonde, but she was just spotted in Malibu on Aug. 14 looking eerily similar to Charli XCX in a deep brunette middle part.  
Paramore just wrapped up a summer stint of opening for Taylor Swift’s The Eras Tour, and on the final night of their five-night Wembley Stadium run in London, lead singer Williams had a surprise up her sleeve: She dyed her hair back to her signature fiery red, bringing back the 2000s nostalgia of her classic look. 
Jung has been selective about her public appearances this year, but she just graced the Venice Film Festival red carpet and matched her sequined dress to her newly dyed auburn hair. 
Two days after walking Alaïa during New York Fashion Week as a brunette, Jenner has been “blonded” with some shading at the roots. (Though you know it still took hours to lift.)
In a reverse move from the preceding celebrity, Cabello has returned to dark hair basically a minute after attending NYFW as a platinum blonde.
And in a reverse reverse Uno, Jennie of Blackpink showed up at Chanel’s SS25 show in Paris as a blonde.
This article was originally published on April 3, 2024