By Patrick Hipes, Tom Tapp 

UPDATED with latest:  Wizards Beyond Waverly Place now has a premiere date — in time for spooky season — and directors, familiar faces from Disney Channel. A first look video gave a glimpse at David Henrie’s and Selena Gomez‘s return for the sequel show and more.

	Deadline broke the news of the sequel series in January. Jed Elinoff and Scott Thomas serve as writers and executive producers. Andy Fickman directed and executive-produced the pilot and will direct multiple episodes.




			Watch on Deadline		






	Selena Gomez revealed the Wizards of Waverly Place sequel title at Disney’s upfront in May 2024. The spinoff will be called Wizards Beyond Waverly Place. She also shared two first-look images which can be found below.

	










	The original show ran four seasons, winning Emmys and doing well in the ratings until star Selena Gomez decided it was time to graduate to more adult roles. The show ran from 2007-2012, with Wizards of Waverly Place: The Movie also airing on the Disney Channel in 2009. The cast returned for a stand-alone television special, The Wizards Return: Alex vs. Alex, in 2013.

RELATED: 2024 Premiere Dates For New & Returning Series On Broadcast, Cable & Streaming

	There have been rumors of another reunion ever since and now, after a decade, Disney is making them a reality.

	Now for the answers to the most important questions.

When will Wizards Beyond Waverly Place come out?

	The sequel series will premiere October 29, 2024, just in time for Halloween. The first two episodes will air at 8 p.m. ET/PT on Disney Channel.

Who will direct Wizards Beyond Waverly Place?

	Disney Channel alums Raven-Symoné and Danielle Fishel will direct episodes of the show.

Is Selena Gomez involved?

	Yes, Gomez will guest star in the pilot as Alex Russo. She is also executive-producing the series with David Henrie, her small screen sibling. 

Are other original cast members of ‘Wizards of Waverly Place’ returning for the sequel?

	Henrie is reprising the role of Justin Russo. He will be a series regular, which means we’ll see more of him in the series than Gomez.

Are any new actors joining the cast?

	Yes. New cast members include series lead Janice LeAnn Brown (Disney’s Just Roll with It), who will play the powerful young wizard Billie, whom Justin takes under his wing.  Taylor Cora will join the series’ regular cast in the role of Winter, Billie’s bubbly, quirky and oversharing best friend. Alkaio Thiele (Call Me Kat) will play Roman Russo, Justin’s oldest son. Max Matenko (Platonic) plays Milo Russo, Justin’s youngest son. Mimi Gianopulos (American Princess) will play Justin’s wife, Giada.

	










How will the ‘Wizards of Waverly Place’ sequel expand on the original series?

	In the sequel, Justin Russo is all grown up, with a wife and two sons. Justin has left his wizard powers behind, opting for a normal, human life. After a mysterious incident at WizTech, Justin gets a surprise when a powerful young wizard in need of training shows up at his door. He’s faced with a dilemma: Maintain his everyday life or embrace his past to ensure the future of the Wizard World.

Is there a trailer for Wizards Beyond Waverly Place?

	Both Selena Gomez and David Henrie appear in the trailer, which launched Sept. 24.

Is anyone else from the original series involved?

	Gary Marsh, the former longtime top Disney Channels creative executive who was the driving force behind Wizards of Waverly Place and was instrumental in getting Gomez on the network after she was discovered during an open casting call in Dallas, is also an executive producer.

What else is Gomez working on?

	Beyond music, Gomez is currently in the Disney family as a star and executive producer of the hit Hulu/20th TV television comedy series Only Murders In the Building, Season 4 of which premiered August 27. She’s also set to play Linda Ronstadt in a film based on the singer’s memoir Simple Dreams. David O. Russell is directing. Further, Gomez has an untitled Food Network series in the works that will debut in 2024. It will have her meeting up with some of the best chefs in the country in a quest to cook their most popular dishes when she visits their kitchens.
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.