She wore a diamond band on *that* finger.
Getty Images
 Selena Gomez continued to spark engagement rumors as she made a bejeweled entrance at the 2024 Emmy Awards. While the Only Murders in the Building actress posed solo in a crystal-encrusted Ralph Lauren black gown on the red carpet at the Sunday, September 15 ceremony, Benny Blanco proved he’s his girlfriend’s biggest supporter as he accompanied her to Los Angeles’s Peacock Theater. 

 Per video footage captured by E! News, the music producer could be seen following his girlfriend into the venue while trying his hand at matching couple’s style. Blanco complemented Gomez’s gown, which was trimmed with sparkling embellishment along the halter-style neckline, with his own black tuxedo trimmed with rose rhinestone designs on the lapels. During the show, Blanco could also be seen sitting next to Gomez.

Getty Images
 Gomez, who is nominated for her her first Emmy Award for the role of Mabel Mora in Hulu’s Only Murders in the Building, already had people speculating that she and Blanco had taken the next step in their relationship with her jewelry selection The star upped the sparkle on her red carpet look with a selection of Tiffany & Co. pieces, including drop platinum diamond earrings, a Lock bangle, three Victoria rings, two Jean Schlumberger by Tiffany rings, and a bracelet. One of the Victoria rings—a platinum band studded with marquis diamonds—was worn on her ring finger.

 While it’s unknown whether the Tiffany & Co. piece is part of her personal collection or a piece that was on loan from the jewelry company, it’s not the first time Gomez has worn a ring on that finger in recent weeks. In late August, the singer was photographed wearing a gold band on her ring finger while stepping out in Los Angeles, and she also posted a selfie of her with an emoji strategically placed over her left hand.

Getty Images
 Both Gomez and Blanco have stayed mum on engagement speculation, but he hasn’t been shy talking about seeing his relationship with the multi-hyphenate going the extra mile.

 “I take everything a day at a time. I just know that when I look at her, I just say, ‘I don’t know a world where it could be better than this.’ That’s what I always say to her,” Blanco said during an interview on SiriusXM’s The Howard Stern Show.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)