Selena Gomez has admitted she's unsure about going on another major tour after opening up about her adoption plans.
The 31-year-old singer said she loves the connection she gets with fans while touring, but admitted she also finds it to be a really "draining" experience. The comments come as her romance with Benny Blanco seems to be heating up.
Benny said he plans to have kids and marry Selena, with the Disney star revealing she was planning to adopt if she hadn't found a partner by the age of 35. Now, Selena has admitted touring might be put on hold.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Justin Bieber's sweet first time meeting Hailey Bieber resurfaces as fans gush over 'adorable' video
In a new interview, Selena said: "Nothing makes me happier than 90 minutes of being with my fans and just celebrating together." However, Selena explained that touring can be more physically and emotionally taxing than many people might realise.
She added to TIME magazine: "It is very emotionally draining for me. And then you realise you're just surrounded by a bunch of people that you're paying."
It seems Serena could also be busy starting a family very soon. Speaking to the publication, the singer said she had plans to become a single mother if she was still single at age 35, but those plans changed when she started dating Benny last year.
"It just happens when you least expect it," she gushed. Benny also admitted he wants to have kids with Serena during an appearance on the Howard Stern show.
The radio host asked Benny: "When are you going to propose to your very famous girlfriend?” He said: "When I look at her, I don’t know a world where it could be better than this."
Howard then shared that he was “predicting marriage” for them. “You and me both,” Blanco said, adding “I gotta get my act together.” When Selena was later asked about the exchange, she laughed, saying: "He can’t lie to save his life. If he’s asked a question, he’ll answer it.”
The couple have also had to deal with a lot of critics of their romance. Speaking to TIME, Selena said: "I know what people can do to people I love. My own fans, who I adore and feel like have shaped who I am, will say the most hurtful things to me about how I live my life."
She then gushed over Benny and said he has the "strength in him that none of that noise fazes him", describing him as "impressive". She said she doesn't know what the future holds, but does know he isn't going anywhere.
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.