"I'm very grateful and always thankful," the pop star wrote.

													By
												

	Hannah Dailey


Selena Gomez celebrated her 32nd birthday with an ocean view and a sparkly letter “B” necklace from Benny Blanco.

	On Monday (July 22), the singer-actress shared a few photos from her special festivities on Instagram. In one snap, she models a yellow babydoll dress while posing underneath a “Happy birthday Selena” balloon arrangement, with palm trees, sand and miles of blue water making up the background.

	In two other pictures, Gomez shows off her romantic accessory — a silver charm around her neck that boasts her boyfriend’s initial. “Thank you so much for your birthday wishes!!” she captioned the post. “I’m very grateful and always thankful … 32.”

	Blanco commented, borrowing a lyric from Jay-Z’s “Public Service Announcement”: “i got the hottest chick in the game wearing my chain.”

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	Earlier that day, the producer dedicated his own post to the Rare Beauty founder’s big day. “i used to play a teddy bear in ur music video and now i get to b urs in real life,” he wrote, sharing a photo from the pair’s “I Can’t Get Enough” music video shoot. “happy bday bb ! i love u !”

	“I love you,” Gomez added in the replies alongside a teddy bear emoji.

	Gomez closes out her 31st year with several new accolades under her belt, including her first-ever Emmy nomination in an acting category thanks to her performance on Hulu’s Only Murders in the Building. She also recently won best actress alongside her Emilia Pérez co-stars Zoe Saldaña, Karla Sofía Gascón and Adriana Pazat at the Cannes Film Festival.  

	In honor of her big day, however, the “Lose You to Love Me” singer is choosing to highlight just one specific endeavor: her Rare Impact Fund, which she says has raised $15 million to date for youth mental health initiatives all over the world.

	“As always, for my birthday this year I would be so grateful if you were able to donate to the Rare Impact Fund,” she wrote on Instagram. “Please visit RareImpactFund.org to learn more and to donate. No amount is too small, and this is the biggest gift you could ever give me. Love you all!”

	See Gomez’s birthday post below.
A post shared by Selena Gomez (@selenagomez)
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.