It's finally the best time of the year for movies, when all of the biggest titles of the year begin to hit theaters and campaign for those coveted awards. Netflix looks to keep up with the exciting rush of the fall movie season with its own packed slate of original movies starring some of the most talented stars of the screen. The streamer announced its fall movie calendar on Aug. 28.
While most of these movies had been on our radar for quite some time, including Joey King's sci-fi flick Uglies and Rachel Zegler's animated fantasy Spellbound, many of these movies finally received official word on their releases. A handful of Christmas movies, such as Lindsay Lohan's Our Little Secret, and horror titles like Woman of the Hour and Time Cut are some of the top picks this fall.
Unfortunately, one movie that had previously been slated for release in November 2024 has now been moved to Jan. 17, 2025, and it's one of the most star-studded Netflix movies on the docket. Jamie Foxx and Cameron Diaz join forces once again in the action-comedy Back in Action. However, the movie no longer debuts this fall, as the streamer opted to start the new year with two huge stars.
Check out the full list of over 30 new movies coming to Netflix this fall throughout September, October, November, and December!
Although full doesn't officially kick off on the calendar until Sept. 22, we can all get into the fall movie spirit a bit early on Netflix in the beginning of September. Throughout the month, the streamer will drop four new documentaries, beginning with a look back at Apollo 13 in the new doc Apollo 13: Survival. Other documentaries include true crime docs Into the Fire: The Lost Daughter and Jailbreak: Love on the Run and Will Ferrell's heartfelt road trip film Will & Harper.
Beyond documentaries, September brings plenty of exciting scripted films, including Rebel Ridge to start the month off with a dramatic bang, which leads into the dystopian YA popcorn movie Uglies. The page-to-screen adaptation stars two bonafide Netflix stars in Joey King and Chase Stokes. Keep some room on your watch list for the awards season treat His Three Daughters, a tearjerker starring a trio of talents: Carrie Coon, Elizabeth Olsen, and Natasha Lyonne.
Moving into October, Netflix truly spoils movie fans rotten with a host of different genres, though with an apt lean toward horror movies leading up to Halloween. It's What's Inside, The Platform 2, The Shadow Strays, Woman of the Hour, Don't Move, and Time Cut bring the chills and thrills to Netflix in October, again with lots of big stars. Ginny & Georgia's Antonia Gentry and Outer Banks' Madison Bailey team up for Time Cut, while Anna Kendrick stars in and directs Woman of the Hour.
But the stars continue to align with Laura Dern and Liam Hemsworth starring in the romance film Lonely Planet. The Oscar winner and the action star portray an age-gap relationship as an author finds unexpected love on a retreat in Morocco. October also features a pair of big-name documentaries, one focusing on the Menendez Brothers and another on Martha Stewart. There's plenty more exciting titles to put on for movie night during the peak of spooky season!
As previously mentioned above, Jamie Foxx and Cameron Diaz were previously set to release their action-comedy Back in Action in November, but Netflix pushed the movie back to January 2025. But even with those two big stars waiting in the wings for the new year, November still has plenty of star power on Netflix's movie roster thanks to Lindsay Lohan, Lacey Chabert, Selena Gomez, Zoe Saldaña, Rachel Zegler, Christina Milian, and so many more!
The holiday romantic comedy season begins in full force on Netflix in November with Christina Milian's Meet Me Next Christmas, Lacey Chabert's Hot Frosty, and Britt Robertson and Chad Michael Murray's The Merry Gentlemen debuting in the first three weeks of the month. Lindsay Lohan's Our Little Secret nabbed the pre-Thanksgiving release date on Nov. 27. Cannes award winner Emilia Pérez and animated family movie Spellbound are also among the month's new movies.
Technically, the last day of fall lands on Dec. 21 in 2024, which means the fall movie slate still goes strong well into the last month of the year. Following the foursome of Christmas rom-coms in November, the animated holiday movie That Christmas arrives in December along with the Christmas-set suspense thriller Carry-On. Ahead of the actual Christmas holiday, Kerry Washington stars in the Tyler Perry-directed World War II drama The Six Triple Eight.
What movies will you be checking out on Netflix this fall? Stay tuned for more Netflix movie news and updates from Netflix Life!
© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.