Sky’s the limit for Katy Perry – she may look to the stars for guidance after her latest album flopped with critics.
Storm clouds gathered as soon as the superstar launched her comeback with the three lead singles failing to Roar up the charts.
And full-length LP 143 has received a lukewarm response at best – but astrology fan Perry is somebody who sees the light in the dark.
READ MORE: Strictly winners 'exposed' before first live show as pair have 'instant fire'
Click for more brilliant Daily Star showbiz stories
She explained: “The stars are really my guide. I use the stars every single day as a way to GPS what’s coming next.
“Everybody looks up, ‘Well, what’s the weather going to be like today?’
Well, I look up at my stars and go, ‘Okay, this is what’s coming and how do I play it?’”
Twinkle-eyed Perry added: “Even in the negative, you can still find the positive… if you don’t find a way to sow seeds in the valleys, you’ll never find those fruits in the peaks.
“I find those fruits in the peaks, so you got to find what it is, and I’m an eternal optimist when it comes to that.”
The mum-of-one, who was widely criticised for working again with controversy-hit producer Dr Luke, also foresees a future writing for other artists.
She told Apple Music 1’s Zane Lowe: “It’s something I’d love to do more of later on.
“I write a big batch of songs, typically, and then sometimes I have parts that are not finished, or they didn’t work right on the record, and so they find other homes.
“There’s lots of other songs that Kelly Clarkson has done. Selena Gomez has done one. Britney has done one.”
Earlier this month, Perry proved how much of a pop powerhouse she still can be during her performance at the MTV VMAs.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.