And it's still in stock!!!
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we love. Promise.
Say it with me: We love it when celebrities wear affordable things! (Ahem, especially to fancy award ceremonies.) Selena Gomez, who was nominated for the 2024 Golden Globe for Best Actress in a Musical or Comedy Series for her work in Only Murders in the Building, showed up to the event wearing a gorgeous, custom Armani Privé gown paired with an under-$150 dainty purse from JW PEI. And, much to our surprise, it hasn't sold out yet!
The multi-hyphenate was seen wearing the brand's iconic Gabbi Bag—that’s been a hit on Amazon for years now—in its red crystal style. On JW PEI's site, the bag retails for $129. Not to mention, you can currently snag it for 12% off and receive free shipping. Look how stunning it is: 
Honestly, it's not shocking that Selena Gomez wore this specific accessory considering how much A-listers love JW PEI's Gabbi Bag. Other stars like Emily Ratajkowski and Gigi Hadid have both been spotted rocking the purse. Available in a slew of different bold and neutral colorways, the Gabbi Bag is available on Amazon with Prime shipping. FYI You can actually score most styles of the Gabbi Bag for under $80! Depending on the design, they range from $79.99-$129.00.
The specific bag that Selena wore to the Golden Globes is not available on Amazon at the moment, but you can shop it at JWPEI.com. Hurry up and get to shopping before you can't buy it anywhere!! I already know this is gonna be your new favorite bag...😏
Megan Uy is an associate shopping editor at Cosmopolitan, where she searches for the best products in all things fashion, home, beauty, sex, gifts, and more, so you don’t have to. When she’s not writing for the site, she’s whipping up some cool and trendy content for the fashion section of the print magazine. She’s been with the brand since 2019 (when she was an itty-bitty editorial fellow), and she's also written for Delish, House Beautiful, and People. Follow her on Instagram to get some BTS of the editor life and chaotic NYC content. Also, feel free to hit her up if you ever wanna discuss the madness that is TikTok. 
Work Backpacks That Don’t Scream ‘Corporate Drone'
I Have Wide Feet, These Are the Sneakers I Live in
Found: The Best Long-Wear Nail Polish for Summer
Wait—Meghan Markle’s Cutout Sneakers Are on Amazon
Travel Backpacks That Are Actually Cute Exist, FYI
Simply the Best Retinol Serums We've Ever Tested
These Summer Dresses From Amazon Are Next Level
My Booty Worships These Butt-Lifting Leggings
The Best Perfumes of All Damn Time (Yup, Really)
I Tried Quince's Lounge Sets and I Need More ASAP
The Fall 2025 Jewelry Trends? So Freaking Stunning
My Search for the Perfect Black Mini Skirt 
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.