To watch the best shows and movies on streaming, one provider won't suffice. Each streaming service offers its own unique entertainment lineup, and right now three major players are teaming up to make accessing content more affordable.
Disney+, Hulu and Max announced today, Thursday, July 25, that the platforms can now be bundled as an ad-supported plan ($17/month) or ad-free plan ($30/month). Available to new and existing customers, bundling these streaming services can save subscribers up to $18.98 per month when compared to signing up for them individually. 
Sign Up for the Bundle
To help you determine if this is the bundle for you, we've gathered everything you need to know about these services, including the rates of buying them individually, shows and movies offered in their streaming libraries and any extra features.
Disney+ is the platform of choice for Marvel and Star Wars fans with nearly the entire Marvel Cinematic Universe (except select Spider-Man films), all of the original Star Wars films and a variety of new shows from both universes. Along with blockbuster films, including Black Panther, The Avengers and Guardians of the Galaxy, Disney+ also has Marvel Original series like WandaVision, Ms. Marvel, SheHulk: Attorney at Law, Loki... the list goes on. On the Star Wars side, in addition to the classics, you'll find The Alcolyte, Obi-Wan Kenobi, The Mandalorian, Andor and more.
How Much Does Disney+ Cost?There are a few options for your Disney+ membership.
There were also previously bundled services with Hulu that included:
Now Disney+ (along with Max and Hulu) offers two more bundle options with the recent collaboration.
Learn More at Disney+
Hulu stands out from other streaming services because of its live television component and access to a wide variety of current shows that drop the day after airing on cable — though the live TV plan does not bundle Max. Hulu also has its own awesome original shows like Only Murders in the Building starring Selena Gomez or the chilling Handmaid's Tale. The streamer also offers an inside look into everyone's favorite reality TV family, The Kardashians.
Hulu carries exclusive FX Originals like the award-winning The Bear. There are also entire seasons of Emmy Award-winning series like The Dropout, Atlanta, Schitt's Creek, and Abbott Elementary.
How Much Does Hulu Cost? Below, we've listed the price tiers for Hulu, but keep in mind you can also get Hulu in the bundles with Disney+ and Max mentioned above.
Learn More at Hulu
The merger of HBO Max and Discovery+ created the streaming service we now know as Max. The streaming service features content from HBO, Discovery, TLC, HGTV, Food Network and more. Members can watch hit shows like True Detective, 90 Day Fiance, Succession, The Last of Us, Game of Thrones (and its prequel House of the Dragon) ... the list goes on.
Max has also introduced a B/R Sports Package, which is complimentary for a limited time. The add-on package gives viewers access to live sporting events, including NHL, MLB, NBA and NCAA games airing on TNT, TBS and TruTV.
How Much Does Max Cost? With Max, there are three tiers to choose from (along with the new bundles): 
Learn More at Max
RELATED CONTENT:
Streaming
Streaming
Streaming
Best Lists
TV
Streaming
News