The luxury sneaker maker Golden Goose is said to be planning to go public in Milan as soon as this week.
Sources told Bloomberg that Golden Goose might start working on its initial public offering this week following positive feedback from potential investors.
The Italian brand of pre-distressed sneakers is a hit with celebrities including Taylor Swift, Selena Gomez, and Hilary Duff. Investors are expected to value Golden Goose at about 11 times this year's estimated earnings. That would value the shoemaker at about $3.3 billion, Bloomberg calculated.
On its official web store, a pair of sneakers starts at about $364 and can go up to $2,598. The brand also sells clothing, beachwear, and accessories.
The people told Bloomberg that discussions were ongoing and that details of the offering, including its size and timeline, were still flexible.
The company is owned by the European private-equity firm Permira.
A representative for Golden Goose declined to comment.
Talks of the listing have come as Europe's lackluster IPO market looks for reinvigoration. Potential stock listings this year include the Luxembourg private-equity firm CVC Capital Partners, the Spanish fashion giant Puig Brands, and the Swiss dermatological brand Galderma.
But Golden Goose's IPO could be hurt by slowing demand for luxury goods.
Kering, the luxury retailer that owns brands including Gucci and Yves Saint Laurent, saw overall revenue decline by 10% in the first quarter of the year. Gucci saw a troubling 18% decline in sales, largely from decreased sales in China.
The two other sneaker companies to go public in recent years are performance footwear brands On Holding and Allbirds, which both target a much lower price point than Golden Goose. Last month, Allbirds, which once held the title for the most comfortable shoe, received notice from Nasdaq that it risked delisting because its stock was trading below $1 for 30 consecutive days. On Holding's stock, meanwhile, is up 47% in the past year.
Jump to