Share
FILE - Jeremy Allen White attends the 76th Primetime Emmy Awards at Peacock Theater on Sept. 15, 2024, in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Amy Sussman/Getty Images) 
LOS ANGELES - The 76th Emmy Awards has concluded at the Peacock Theater in Los Angeles.
"Shōgun" had the most nominations on Sunday night with 25 nods. Hulu's "The Bear" followed with 23 nominations and Selena Gomez, Martin Short and Steve Martin's "Only Murders in the Building" earned 21 nominations.
"Schitt's Creek" co-stars and father-son duo, Eugene and Dan Levy, hosted the award show on Sunday night. 
"My dad and I are not stand-up comics, so we're coming at it from a very different place," Dan told People. "But we're both really hard workers and we're determined to make it as great as it can possibly be. We want to create an atmosphere that feels really welcome and celebratory. This is a huge night in so many people's lives and we just want to be there to kind of make it as festive as possible for everybody."
Karen Wood, President of Backstage Creations, joins LiveNOW's Lexie Petrovic to give us an inside look at the 2024 Emmy Awards celebrity gift bags.
LIVE UPDATES: 2024 EMMY AWARDS 
Below is a look at the 2024 Emmy Awards complete winners list.
Drama series: "Shōgun"
Lead actor, drama series: Hiroyuki Sanada, "Shōgun"
Lead actress, drama series: Anna Sawai, "Shōgun"
Supporting actor, drama series: Billy Crudup, "The Morning Show"
Supporting actress, drama series: Elizabeth Debicki, "The Crown"
Guest actor, drama series: Nestor Carbonell, "Shōgun"
Guest actress, drama series: Michaela Coel, "Mr. & Mrs. Smith"
Comedy series: "Hacks"
Lead actor, comedy series: Jeremy Allen White, "The Bear"
Lead actress, comedy series: Jean Smart, "Hacks"
Supporting actor, comedy series: Ebon Moss-Bachrach, "The Bear"
Supporting actress, comedy series: Liza Colón-Zayas, "The Bear"
Guest actor, comedy series: Jon Bernthal, "The Bear"
Guest actress, comedy series: Jamie Lee Curtis, "The Bear"
Limited/anthology series: "Baby Reindeer"
LIKE WHAT YOU’RE READING? CLICK HERE FOR MORE ENTERTAINMENT NEWS
Television movie: "Quiz Lady"
Lead actor in a limited/anthology series or movie: Richard Gadd, "Baby Reindeer"
Lead actress in a limited/anthology series or movie: Jodie Foster, "True Detective: Night Country"
Supporting actor in a limited/anthology series or movie: Lamorne Morris, "Fargo"
Supporting actress in a limited/anthology series or movie: Jessica Gunning, "Baby Reindeer"
Animated program: "Blue Eye Samurai"
Talk series: "The Daily Show"
Scripted variety series: "Last Week Tonight with John Oliver"
Writing, variety special: Alex Edelman, "Just For Us"
Directing, limited/anthology series: Steven Zaillian, "Ripley"
Writing, comedy series: Lucia Aniello, Paul W. Downs, Jen Statsky "Hacks"
Writing, drama series: Will Smith, "Slow Horses"
Writing, limited/anthology series: Richard Gadd, "Baby Reindeer"
Directing, comedy series: Christopher Storer, "The Bear"
Directing, drama series: Frederick E.O. Toye, "Shōgun"
Reality competition program: "The Traitors" 
Structured reality program: "Shark Tank"
Unstructured reality program: "Welcome to Wrexham"
Game show: "Jeopardy!"
Host for a reality or competition program: Alan Cumming, "The Traitors"
Host for a game show: Pat Sajak, "Wheel of Fortune"
Governors award: Greg Berlanti
Get updates to this story on FOXNews.com.
All the news you need to know, every day
By clicking Sign Up, I confirmthat I have read and agreeto the Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX Television Stations