Despite being in prison, celebrities are still "scared" of P Diddy.
The hip-hop mogul, real name Sean Combs, was arrested on 16 September facing charges including racketeering conspiracy, sex trafficking and transportation to engage in prostitution. The 54 year old rapper has denied all the allegations made against him.
Even with the musician locked away, Diddy's name still packs enough punch to spook some industry insiders. A source told People: "He's so powerful. Everyone was afraid to cross him. Even though he's behind bars now, he's still so powerful. We all knew it even back then.", reports the Mirror.
READ MORE: Selena Gomez recalls weird encounter with P Diddy while dating Justin Bieber
READ MORE: Click for more brilliant Daily Star showbiz stories
That same insider dished out more, saying: "Everyone always chalked it up to being a creative genius when it came to his obsession with controlling things." Lawyer Tony Buzbee, who is reportedly representing an alleged 120 victims, spoke out and addressed rumours that high profile celebrities will be named as accomplices.
He stated: "Everyone is focused on what other celebrities were involved, who is going to be named, who is going to be outed. I don't expect that to happen this week. We want to make sure if we name individuals beyond Mr Combs that, we have done our homework because it is going to create a firestorm, and we understand that."
"If you were there in the room, participated, watched it happen and didn't say anything or helped cover it up, in my view, you have a problem."
Buzbee continued to tell TMZ that he has dispatched numerous demand letters to celebrities whom he alleges are implicated in the ongoing scandal. Diddy is currently detained at the Metropolitan Detention Centre in New York. Following his arrest and the accusations levelled against him, his legal representative Erica Wolff responded to the "meritless allegations".
She stated: "As Mr Combs' legal team has emphasised, he cannot address every meritless allegation in what has become a reckless media circus." In her conversation with TMZ, she further added: "That said, Mr Combs emphatically and categorically denies as false and defamatory any claim that he sexually abused anyone, including minors."
"He looks forward to proving his innocence and vindicating himself in court, where the truth will be established based on evidence, not speculation."
The Daily Star is now on WhatsApp and we want you to join us!
Through the app, we'll send you the sassiest showbiz stories, some naught headline and a seismic smattering of aliens...along with the latest breaking news of course.
To join our community, all you have to do to join is click on this link, select 'Join Chat' and you're in!
No one will be able to see who has sign up and no one can send messages except for the Daily Star team. We also treat our community members to competitions, special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners.
If you don’t like our community, you can check out any time you like. To leave our community click on the name at the top of your screen and choose Exit group. If you’re curious, you can read our Privacy Notice.
CLICK HERE TO JOIN
Have you joined Threads? Follow Daily Star to keep up to date on all things showbiz here
Want all the biggest Showbiz and TV news straight to your inbox? Sign up for our free Daily Star Showbiz newsletter
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.