Neatly manicured nails always look good, but it's even more important when you've just got engaged, as people will be looking at your hand a whole lot more than usual.
And so if you've recently been proposed to, or you have an inkling that it's imminent, get your fingertips ready for the spotlight with a fresh new manicure to mark the occasion. Similar to wedding nails, simple nude colours will always look timeless and clean, but we think you can have a little more fun with your engagement manicure, from opting for your all-time favourite shade to picking some love-themed nail art for that all-important Instagram snap.
 So read on as we've got plenty of inspiration for you to take to your next salon appointment, from pretty nail art ideas to the polish that Kate Middleton wore on her wedding day. 
The Princess of Wales rarely strays from her trademark sheer nude manicures, and on her wedding day to Prince William in 2011 she reportedly opted for Essie Nail Polish in the shade Allure, £8.99, a sheer, creamy off-white – and we think this makes a classic choice for any newly-bethrotheds.
 Townhouse salons are the go-to for chic, minimal nail art, and they have plenty of elegant bridal and engagement designs to select from. We love these tiny white hearts on a pale pink base – either add a heart to each finger, or keep it just to your ring finger for extra impact. 
The steady-handed amongst you can copy the look at home yourself with the aptly-named Nails.INC Whereabouts In Windsor Quick Drying Nail Polish, £8, and Essie Nail Polish in Blanc, £7.
Chrome nails aren't going anywhere this year, and this sheer pink with a super-glossy, slightly shimmery finish is a great way to make your new rock sparkle even more. Ask for a barely-there pink with a hint of sparkle like Bio Sculpture's Baby Heart Confetti in the salon, with a wash of chrome pigment over the top, or try Sephora Collection Nail Polish in Pink Glaze, £4.99, at home.
French manicures will never go out of style, but you can give yours a twist to mark the special occasion by switching up the white tips for another colour.
Copy this look above from London Grace salons with your nude of choice then Rimmel 60 Seconds Super Shine Nail Polish Danny Boy Blue, £3.99, painted carefully on the tips.
Brides-to-be don't have to stick to nudes, and we think this rich, glossy, purple-ly red done by celebrity nail artist Tom Bachik on Selena Gomez for this year's SAG Awards pairs perfectly with diamond jewellery. Tom used Essie Gel Couture V.I.Please, £8.99, followed by a super glossy top coat.