In the series' first look, 'Wizards of Waverly Place' star David DeLuise returns in his role as the family patriarch, Jerry Russo
 The Russos are back, but this time they're not in Waverly Place!

 On Friday, Aug. 9, Disney revealed a first look into the highly anticipated Wizards of Waverly Place revival series titled, Wizards Beyond Waverly Place. In a touching behind-the-scenes video of the production, original series stars Selena Gomez and David Henrie gear up to reprise their roles in the beloved Disney Channel show.

 Starring Henrie and Janice LeAnn Brown, the sequel series will follow "an adult Justin Russo (Henrie) who has chosen to lead a normal, mortal life with his family, Giada (Mimi Gianopulos), Roman (Alkaio Thiele) and Milo (Max Matenko)," the official synposis reads.

Disney
 The synopsis continues, "When Justin’s sister Alex (Gomez) brings Billie to his home seeking help, Justin realizes he must dust off his magical skills to mentor the wizard-in-training while also juggling his everyday responsibilities — and safeguarding the future of the Wizard World."

 The first look begins with a producer introducing Gomez, 32, and Henrie, 35, as they arrive on set for the first time. As she embraces Henrie on screen, the Rare Beauty founder reflects, "This is where it all started. We're home."

 As Henrie takes fans around the new Russo home, he teases how things "have changed" and "the Russos have grown." In the family kitchen, Henrie runs into Brown, who he introduces as the new series' lead.

Disney
 "Billie is rebellious and stubborn, sarcastic," Alex tells Justin in a pilot clip. When he points out that she "sounds like someone else I know," the Russo family wizard replies while making a face, "Haha, like me, I get it."

 The clip transitions to Henrie addressing fans at the series' first live taping and sharing his intentions with reviving the beloved series.

 "Who remembers the original Wizards of Waverly Place?" he asks as the crowd cheers. "We wanted to recreate that magic again for a new generation."

 Like the OG series, the new characters find themselves in sticky situations with magic involved. From dodging wand flares inside a giant pumpkin and zapping burritos to turning Justin's kids half invisible, fans are in for a treat as Billie encounters her fair share of magical scenarios.

 Despite the new additions, some things never change. As Alex, Justin and Billie enter the family lair, Alex smiles and remarks, "This takes me back."

Disney
 Eventually, the series' original theme song, Gomez' "Everything Is Not What It Seems" plays and takes viewers through a montage of the exciting new storylines they can expect. The clip features shocking moments, tender hugs between Gomez and Brown and a cameo from David DeLuise, who returns in his role as Russo family patriarch, Jerry Russo.

 "We're back!" Gomez says before Brown finishes, "With style!" The first look ends with Alex twirling her wand and Justin teasing, "Still got it."

 Never miss a story — sign up for PEOPLE's free daily newsletter to stay up-to-date on the best of what PEOPLE has to offer​​, from celebrity news to compelling human interest stories. 

 Wizards Beyond Waverly Place is slated to premiere on Disney Channel and Disney+ later this year.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)