Thank you, Mabel Mora.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

There are a handful of television shows that manage to convey a compelling story not only through a plot line but also by way of a character’s wardrobe. Hulu’s hit show Only Murders in the Building (OMITB) just so happens to be one of them. The murder-mystery comedy follows three neighbors—played by Selena Gomez, Steve Martin, and Oliver Putnam—as they team up to solve a series of twisted murders while becoming true-crime podcasters in the process. And to no surprise, it’s Gomez’s character, Mabel Mora, whose style steals the scene.
Set against the backdrop of autumn in New York, the binge-worthy saga often portrays Mabel as a poster girl for fall fashion. The witty detective cracks cases dressed in cozy cardigans cut from cashmere, pleated skirts layered over sheer tights, and striking coats in luxe fabrics and bold prints. (Turn on any episode of this thrilling whodunnit, and you’re guaranteed to drool over Mabel’s delectable outerwear—kudos to costume designer Dana Covarrubias.)
Given that fall is upon us in the real world, what better time to draw inspiration from Mabel’s fictional wardrobe than now? As we gear up for OMITB’s Season 4 finale (airing on Tuesday, October 29), we put together a list of Mabel’s best fall outfit ideas to recreate this season, from suede sets to leather-on-leather looks. Simply put, these looks are to die for.
According to Mabel, the first step in unraveling a mystery involves throwing on a lengthy leather coat. 
While many fictional detectives are typically depicted in trench coats and fedoras, Mabel solves crimes in a lustrous leather coat lined with must-touch shearling. After all, she’s not your ordinary investigator. Channel your inner Mabel by slipping into a double-breasted faux leather coat alongside a tweed shacket, a forest green crewneck top, and a belted pair of tailored trousers.
A super short pleated skirt can indeed be a fall staple. 
If you believe the mini skirt trend will fizzle out as temperatures continue to drop, allow Mabel to prove otherwise. The savvy crime solver makes a strong case for wearing the short silhouette during fall by pairing a pleated version with snug tights, a warm turtleneck, and a cropped collared jacket. Complete the look by sliding into ankle boots grounded with knife-sharp heels.
This detective follows her own fashion rules. 
Mabel isn’t afraid to step outside of the style box. Take this look, for example, which blends an argyle-printed cardigan with a textured fringe skirt. Even though both pieces make a statement on their own, Mabel pulls the look together in a way that doesn’t feel overwhelming. Provided that you’re not afraid to draw attention, go ahead and follow her lead.
A houndstooth coat, of course.
A black-and-white houndstooth coat is a solid addition to a cold-weather collection—but Mabel would say it's a must-have. As for styling the printed outerwear, she would tell you to wear it with streamlined black separates like a turtleneck sweater and a pair of ankle-grazing pants. Feeling really ritzy? Throw a pair of glossy houndstooth heels into the mix (as seen above).
Mabel seldom plays it safe on the fashion front. 
In episode 10 of Season 3, Mabel wears one of her most fearless looks to date: a quarter-sleeve, collared midi covered in golden sequins. Although the exact version from Badgley Mischka appears to be sold out everywhere, you can shop a similar style by Rotate below that offers the same radiant appeal.
In a cold world of fighting crime, Mabel’s armor consists of coats. 
Didn’t we say that Mabel’s coat collection is simply unmatched? One of our favorites is this roomy, cream-colored top coat. It’s not particularly extravagant compared to her other outerwear, but that’s what we love about it. This humble coat has “versatile” written all over it and will pair nicely with a range of outfits, including a checked mini and gray crewneck sweater.
Searching for an outfit that will rise to any occasion? Look no further.
This relaxed top-and-skirt combo can easily rotate through your wardrobe thanks to its effortless edge. All you’ll need is a black button-down shirt, a neutral-toned check skirt, and pared-down accessories. Wear it whether you’re heading into the office, stepping out for a cocktail, or, in Mabel’s case, investigating a homicide.
Step up your suede game with a velvety coat plastered in a color block pattern. 
It’s no secret that suede is taking yet another spin around fashion’s trend cycle. If you’re unsure how to style this quintessential fall fabric, Mabel will point you in the right direction (this woman can solve a fashion dilemma just as well as track down a perpetrator). Consider coordinating a suede color block coat with a red buttoned cardigan and a brown pleated skirt.
Pin this look to your fall style mood board, and we guarantee you’ll wear it on repeat.
A perfectly tailored trench, an intricately stitched sweater vest, and a crisp button-down shirt can all shine on their own. But the magic truly happens when these pieces are layered together in a way that delivers a sense of dimension. It’s a low-effort outfit formula that has a very high impact. Not to mention, this look is completely on par with the English country style trend.
There’s nothing wrong with choosing the minimalist route. 
While Mabel’s style often falls into statement-making territory, a few of her looks are relatively laid-back—such as this outfit, which champions two beloved capsule wardrobe basics. You can’t go wrong with a high-neck knit sweater and pinstripe pants. This uncomplicated pairing is ideal for days when you’re not looking to expend much fashion-related energy.
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.
Lauren is the Fashion Editor at Marie Claire, where she writes trend reports, shopping pieces, and celebrity news stories. Prior to Marie Claire, Lauren worked for Harper’s Bazaar and ELLE as a freelance editor with a specific focus on seasonal styles and coveted products. She also worked for Town & Country, where she developed a robust portfolio of fashion roundups and designer profiles.
Lauren graduated from the University of Pennsylvania with a bachelor’s degree in communications and a minor in journalism. While attending Penn, Lauren contributed to the university's fashion magazine, The Walk, while also interning for Philadelphia Style Magazine and EveryStylishGirl.
When she’s not exploring the world of fashion, you can find Lauren sharpening her skills as a DJ, discovering new restaurants in New York City (she’s a foodie), and spending quality time with friends and family. Follow her along at @laurenktappan.

It's time for an upgrade.


The 21-year-old Princess of Orange, Catharina-Amalia, has overcome a scary period in her young life.


She's currently on a break from her beloved sneaker collection.


With a corporate twist.


The classic outfit formula got a revamp.


The star loves a classic layer, and so does her on-screen character.


Yeehaw, times two.


Color felt so nice, she tried it twice.


Hear her out!


This style simply works on her.


She's doubling down on luxury.


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.