By ALESIA STANFORD FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  17:21, 23 August 2024   |  Updated:  17:51, 23 August 2024   
 90
View  comments
Meryl Streep and Martin Short raised a few eyebrows at the Only Murders in the Building premiere on Thursday evening. 
Streep, 75, and Short, 74, were seen holding hands on the green carpet. 
This comes after Short insisted that he and the Oscar-winning Hollywood icon were 'just friends.' 
The pair were at the season four premiere of their show which was held on the Paramount Studios lot in Los Angeles.
Also with them were co-stars Selena Gomez and Steve Martin.
The actors star as Loretta Durkin and Oliver Putnam, lovers who met when she was cast in the musical he was producing in season three. 
Meryl Streep and Martin Short raised a few eyebrows at the Only Murders in the Building premiere on Thursday evening
Streep, 75, and Short, 74, were seen holding hands on the green carpet
Deadline also shared a video of the two holding hands.
And fans reacted quickly.
'I simply love living in a world where 75 year old Meryl Streep is having a soft relationship launch with her 74 year old boyfriend, Martin Short,' wrote a fan in reaction to the hand-holding clip.
'Pls let them be real,' begged another.
'I love them together,' said a fan. 
A representative for Short had denied there was a romance between the two after they appeared together at the Golden Globes.
'They are just very good friends, nothing more,' the rep said at the time. 
The two seemed to feed the speculation when they joked around together on the green carpet prior to the screening, holding hands and making funny poses.  
Smart has been widowed since his wife Nancy Dolman died from ovarian cancer in 2010. They have kids Katherine, 40, Oliver, 38, and Henry, 35.
Streep was married to artist Don Gummer for nearly 40 years, but the couple quietly split in 2017. 
This comes after Short insisted that he and the Oscar-winning Hollywood icon were 'just friends'
They share four children, Henry, 44, Mamie, 41, Grace, 38, and Louisa Jacobson, 33.
Streep fans are excited at the prospect of a third Mamma Mia film after Christine Baranski raised the possibility in a recent interview. 
'I was in London with Judy Craymer at our favorite watering hole, she is planning Mamma Mia 3. She gave me the narrative plotline of how it's going to happen,' the Emmy winner told The Hollywood Reporter in a recent interview. 
The pair were at the season four premiere of their show which was held on the Paramount Studios lot in Los Angeles
Also with them were co-stars Selena Gomez and Steve Martin 
The actors star as Loretta Durkin and Oliver Putnam, lovers who met when she was cast in the musical he was producing in season three
'We'll all be on some fabulous Greek or Croatian island having a blast... I hope.' 
Craymer, who was a writer and producer on  Mamma Mia! Here We Go Again confirmed she has been working on the project.
'There is a story there, and I do think Meryl [Streep] should come back — and if the script is right, she would, I think, because she really loved playing Donna. I don't want to over-egg it, but I know there's a trilogy there,' she told Deadline in May.
Only Murders in the Building season four will debut on Hulu August 27. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group