Who needs agolden trophy when you can dress like one instead?

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Here are a few highlights from the 2024 Golden Globes, in no particular order: Margot Robbie dressing as Barbie (again!); Kylie Jenner and Timothée Chalamet's very public canoodling; Selena Gomez and Taylor Swift's mid-show gossip sesh; and of course, all our favorite stars taking home their well-deserved trophies. But the fun didn't stop when the ceremony ended. Jennifer Lawrence's Golden Globes after-party dress was yet another evening highlight—and quite literally, too: the actress gleamed and glistened in an opulent Proenza Schouler dress made of light-catching golden velvet.
Lawrence, who was nominated for Best Actress in a Musical or Comedy Motion Picture for her role in No Hard Feelings, ultimately didn't take home the award (did you catch what Lawrence mouthed to the camera when her category was announced?). But who needs a trophy when you can dress like one instead?
In a photograph of the star leaving the Golden Globes afterparty at Château Marmont, Lawrence wore a gold floor-length maxi gown with a draped cowl neckline. JLaw topped off her after-hours look with a cheetah print coat that featured a statement, dared-to-be-touched fur collar. The yellow base of her animal-printed coat further accentuated the golden hue of her velvet gown, a thoughtful color-coordination moment that can be attributed to the genius that is stylist Jamie Mizrahi.
Lawrence accessorized her stunning after-party gown with a pair of Manolo Blahnik's black strappy Chaos Sandals and carried a black purse with a golden top clasp.
Earlier in the evening, Lawrence wore a dark blue velvet Dior gown, which easily was one of the best red carpet looks at the 2024 Golden Globes. JLaw accessorized her plunging gown with blue diamond earrings and a stunning diamond necklace featuring a large teardrop stone, both from Tiffany & Co. jewelry. She carried a silver clutch by Dior and wore pointed-toe Aquazzara pumps.
As to be expected from the #relatable star, Lawrence had many hilarious and heart-warming moments during the awards ceremony. She reunited with Lenny Kravitz, her fellow The Hunger Games star, for a long-awaited Katniss and Cinna moment. And despite being in the same category as Emma Stone, Lawrence had the sweetest, most enthusiastic reaction to her friend taking home the award for her lead performance in Yorgos Lanthimos' Poor Things.
Despite not walking away with a trophy, it was a fantastic night for the actress. And I, for one, cannot wait to see what Lawrence wears for the upcoming 2024 Oscars in March.
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.
Emma is the fashion features editor at Marie Claire, where she explores the intersection of style and human interest storytelling. She covers viral styling hacks and zeitgeist-y trends—like TikTok's "Olsen Tuck" and Substack's "Shirt Sandwiches"—and has written hundreds of runway-researched trend reports about the ready-to-wear silhouettes, shoes, bags, colors, and coats to shop for each season. Above all, Emma enjoys connecting with real people to yap about fashion, from picking an indie designer's brain to speaking with athlete stylists, entertainers, artists, politicians, chefs, and C-suite executives about finding a personal style as you age or reconnecting with your clothes postpartum. 
Emma previously wrote for The Zoe Report, Editorialist, Elite Daily, Bustle, and Mission Magazine. She studied Fashion Studies and New Media at Fordham University Lincoln Center and launched her own magazine, Childs Play Magazine, in 2015 as a creative pastime. When Emma isn't waxing poetic about niche fashion discourse on the internet, you'll find her stalking eBay for designer vintage, reading literary fiction on her Kindle, doing hot yoga, and "psspsspssp-ing" at bodega cats.

They've "never been fazed by being out in public."


The fashion cross-over I didn't know I needed.


From the coolest Adidas sneakers to luxury waterproof eyeliner.


The fashion cross-over I didn't know I needed.


Even halfway across the country, she's still F1's best-dressed fan.


She's not an F1 WAG, but she sure nailed the aesthetic.


It's made for twirling—and daily life.


She one hundred percent pulls them off.


'Twilight,' Shania Twain, and beyond...


If this is her off-duty look, I can only imagine what Monday's event will bring.


This timepiece is apparently a billionaire essential.


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.