Married At First Sight stars are often made to change their clothes.
In an exclusive interview with reality star Amy Christophers, she revealed that Channel 4 bosses ordered the cast to change their outfits whenever they liked.
She said: “We were just told not to wear really busy patterns, obviously because we’re on TV. We also had to send a picture of what we were planning to wear, so if it was a group setting with the girls, a commitment ceremony, the hen parties, dinner parties, we had to send a picture to someone on production of what we were wearing.”
READ MORE: Selena Gomez recalls weird encounter with P Diddy while dating Justin Bieber
READ MORE: Click for more brilliant Daily Star showbiz stories
Amy then said that she and her co-stars were asked to switch out their look by the TV crew. If their clothes - whether pre-planned or not - were too similar to someone else’s, the MAFS contestants had to come up with something else.
Christophers revealed: “On the hen party I had my outfit planned and then last minute, they were like: ‘No, you can’t wear that,’ - I plan every single outfit, I’m gonna have my hair like this, shoes, everything, then last minute I had to change!”
Amy confessed the experience gave her “a bit of a freak out” as she realised her plans were thrown out of whack. Before going on the dating show, Christophers had planned out every detail of what she was going to wear.
The reality star wasn’t a big fan of what she ended up wearing, but “looking back” on her scenes in the show she now “understands” why they made her pick another outfit. In the end it all “worked out okay”.
Amy also exposed the MAFS contestant’s backstage antics and admitted that they “would sneak in alcohol down their trousers. She said: “We kind of ruined it for everybody because we got searched. [There were] secret stashes of prosecco on the go at all times so in the end, we’d sneak in the miniature ones because they didn’t do pat down [searches].”
“We were just shoving them down our trousers, like: ‘It’s fine, it’s fine!’ During commitment ceremonies there were no drinks at all, so we would meet up and have some sneaky proseccos and try to stop giggling.”
The Daily Star is now on WhatsApp and we want you to join us!
Through the app, we'll send you the sassiest showbiz stories, some naught headline and a seismic smattering of aliens...along with the latest breaking news of course.
To join our community, all you have to do to join is click on this link, select 'Join Chat' and you're in!
No one will be able to see who has sign up and no one can send messages except for the Daily Star team. We also treat our community members to competitions, special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners.
If you don’t like our community, you can check out any time you like. To leave our community click on the name at the top of your screen and choose Exit group. If you’re curious, you can read our Privacy Notice.
CLICK HERE TO JOIN
Have you joined Threads? Follow Daily Star to keep up to date on all things showbiz here
Want all the biggest Showbiz and TV news straight to your inbox? Sign up for our free Daily Star Showbiz newsletter
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.