It is time for the highly anticipated Season 11 finale of "The Masked Singer" where “One Mask Takes It All!” Season 11 culminates in the final two contestants — Gumball and Goldfish — delivering exceptional performances of songs like, “Latch,” “Heart of Glass,” “Renegade,” and “Don’t Let The Sun Go Down On Me” before the winner is revealed!
The Season 11 contestants boast a combined 22 Grammy nominations, 11 platinum albums, 33 Teen Choice nominations, 108 million records sold, 326 film appearances and have 1.7 billion Spotify streams! Nick Cannon hosts the wild and wacky fun as Robin Thicke, Jenny McCarthy Wahlberg, Ken Jeong and Rita Ora play detective.
Below, read our minute-by-minute “The Masked Singer” recap of Season 11, Episode 12, to find out what happened Wednesday, May 22 at 8:00 p.m. ET/PT on FOX. Then be sure to sound off in the comments section about your favorite costumed characters on Fox’s reality TV show and who you think deserved to win it all.
SEE Thelma Houston ('The Masked Singer' Clock) on twerking her way to 3rd place at 81 years old and launching career of Lenny Kravitz
Keep refreshing/reloading this “The Masked Singer” live blog for the most recent updates.
8:00 p.m. — “Previously on ‘The Masked Singer’!” In Episode 11, the three remaining contestants battled it out for the final two spots. Following a three-way Battle Royale, Clock was unmasked, revealing Grammy winner Thelma Houston. Who will take home the Golden Mask trophy tonight? And who are Goldfish and Gumball? It's time to find out!
8:05 p.m. -- Goldfish and Gumball descend from the ceiling in epic fashion for this "Masked Singer" finale. Tonight, both will be unmasked, but only one will be awarded the highly coveted Golden Mask Trophy. Up first, let's find out how Gumball has rolled through the competition. In his clue package he reveals, "I'm in the finale? What?! This experience has been unreal, and it's been wonderful to show what I am capable of musically. But I've fought for it, surviving two smackdowns and two battle royales? In my life, I've had to fight to be seen. Imagine trying to do something thousands of times and only being successful a handful of them. And yet, in Hollywood, that's considered a victory. I've been on TV for almost two decades nonstop, and yet being here I feel like I've finally gotten to show who I really am. Tonight I'm up for the biggest fight of my life against Goldfish. So, I'm gonna pour my heart and my soul into these last two performances. Win or lose, this journey has changed everything. And I don't want to stop doing this on the other side of this show because it brings me so much joy, so thank you "Masked Singer" for this experience. I have truly felt like a kid in a candy store."
8:10 p.m. -- To open the show, Gumball is singing "Latch" by Disclosure featuring Sam Smith. He has consistently improved each week and his voice sounds incredible. He's definitely the comeback kid this season. He's showing off some nice dance moves as well. And now beatboxing? What can't he do? The panel takes us on a guessing journey for Gumball. Here were there guesses so far: Jamie Dornan or Taran Killam (Ken), James Marsden, Jason Sudeikis or Derek Hough (Jenny), Kevin Jonas, Zachary Levi or James Van Der Beek (Robin), Chase Crawford, Jack Black, Taylor Kitsch or Joseph Gordon-Levitt (Rita).
8:15 p.m. -- It's time for Goldfish to swim up on stage next. In her clue package she reveals, "I have loved being able to swim into new territories as the golden girl on this stage! As a little girl I was never really great at expressing myself. It's not really something I grew up around. But lately, I have been on a journey of self-discovery, and being here I've been able to express myself so freely. I come from a working-class family that has no connection to Hollywood whatsoever, so there's no reason I should have made it. But I'm proof that with enough love, hard work and dedication, you can truly do anything. And, I'm so proud of my performances and I can't wait to have kids when that time comes so I can be like, 'Look at mommy go!' Now I gotta say, I know I'm up against some steep competition, but winning this would be the ultimate pat on the back. It would really honestly mean so much. It makes me emotional because I've always thought of myself as an actor first. Singing kind of does come second. Doing 'The Masked Singer' is my way of giving everyone a music moment. The response has made me want it to never end."
8:20 p.m. -- Goldfish is singing "Heart of Glass" by Blondie. She's a sultry diva, and with flames of fire lighting up the stage behind her, Goldfish is heating up the stage! She sounds great, per usual and shows great stage presence. Now the panel takes us on their guessing journey for Goldfish. Here are some names they've thrown out this season: Lea Michele, Nina Dobrev or Vanessa Hudgens (Rita), Selena Gomez, Sarah Hyland or Julianne Hough (Jenny), Hilary Duff (Robin), Carly Rae Jepsen, Kristen Stewart or Nicole Scherzinger (Ken).
8:25 p.m. -- When we return from commercial Nick has Rita hit the blue button, which means there's a special Prime delivery. Rita opens the box and pulls out the Golden Mask trophy.
8:30 p.m. -- Returning for his final performance of the season is Gumball. He's rockin' out to "Renegade" by Styx, finishing out the competition on a fun high. "He is killing it!" Rita screams as Gumball belts it out. Ken calls it "pitch perfect" and "outstanding" from beginning to end. Gumball says, "Tonight, that performance was really about my folks. I told you that they had been in a rock band, but they never were able to pay the bills through their artistry, so they worked hard. Forty, 60, 80 hours a week, just to get to the weekend so they could do what they love and perform on stage. So, I realize now why it was so special to them, because I know tomorrow I go back to my day job. This has been the time of my life and I'm so thankful and honored to have been on this stage. Thank you."
8:40 p.m. -- With the last performance of the season, Goldfish is singing "Don't Let the Sun Go Down on Me" by Elton John. It's a more emotional approach than Gumball took -- will it pay off? After the moving rendition, Goldfish says, "It's the power of music." Next she adds, "This experience has been so incredible and so special for me. It really surprised me because not everybody knows what I actually do, and the fact that you guys have all truly seen me for what I love doing really lights a fire under my little fish tail. Thank you guys so much, it means the world to me." Then Jenny gives a quick shout out to Rita, and thanks her for stepping in for Nicole this season.
8:50 p.m. -- Well, it's time y'all. Who has won the Masked Singer trophy? And who is the runner-up about to unmask first? But first, Nick reveals one final clue, stating, "Gumball, Goldfish...this isn't the first time you've been co-stars on camera." Then the host reveals the results. The winner of "The Masked Singer" season 11 is Goldfish! But before we find out who she is, Gumball will take his mask off first. The judges reveal their final guesses: Derek Hough (Jenny and Robin), Taran Killam (Ken) and Joseph Gordon-Levitt (Rita). Well, it's time to find out! Gumball finally pulls off that big ol' head of his and reveals himself as "Friday Night Lights" and "Ginny & Georgia" star Scott Porter! He managed to sing his way all through the finale without being guessed.
9:00 p.m. -- At last, it's time to find out once and for all who Goldfish is. Before the mystery winner is revealed, the judges submit their final guesses: Vanessa Hudgens (Rita and Jenny), Nicole Scherzinger (Ken) and Hilary Duff (Robin). At last, the goldfish removes the gills and reveals she is, in fact, "High School Musical" and "Spring Breakers" star Vanessa Hudgens! That's a wrap for Season 11.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…
Take a trip back to the Academy Awards ceremonies of the recent past with Gold Derby’s Oscars Playback series. Hosts Joyce Eng and Christopher Rosen recap every Oscar ceremony of the 1990s and 2000s. Joyce and Chris tackle the highs and lows of each show and see how the winners aged. It’s a wonderful night for Oscar, whenever you watch!

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media