* zooms in *
Gather round, it's time to read into things. Selena Gomez just hopped on Instagram to announce that 100 percent of Rare Beauty sales at Sephora on 10/10 will go towards "increasing access to mental health resources and education for young people around the world." Which is major! And while doing so, she went ahead and dropped this mirror selfie, featuring gold bands on both her ring fingers. 
Could mean something. Could mean nothing. But either way, this pic comes amid a ton of engagement rumors about Benny Blanco and Selena Gomez, which kicked off back in August when Sel posted this photo:
Oh, and then DeuxMoi dropped an anon tip saying they'd made things official:
Meanwhile, the last time a source weighed in was back in May, when Entertainment Tonight dropped this insider intel: “They have talked about their future and while they don’t have set plans in place, they are excited at the idea of continuing to grow together and get closer. They make each other happy and their friends and family are thrilled for them.”
Just FYI, Selena actually opened up about her and Benny’s relationship during an interview with Vanity Fair on September 9, saying "We always make sure we’re protecting what we have, but there’s no rules. I want him to always be himself. I always want to be myself.”
She added that when she does get married, “I’m not changing my name no matter what. I am Selena Gomez. That’s it.”
8 Takeaways From Prince Harry’s New BBC Interview
JoJo Says Kath Was “Uncool” to Allege She Cheated
JoJo Breaks Silence on Mickey Rourke’s Homophobia
A$AP Rocky on Sharing Clothes With Rihanna
Blake Lively Gives First TV Interview Post-Lawsuit
Princess Charlotte Will Eventually Be Worth £4B
Walton Goggins Ends Interview Over Aimee Lou Wood
Wills "Sickened" by Harry Leveraging Royal Status
Timothée's List of "Demands" for Dating Kylie 
Sydney and Brandon Allegedly Spotted Holding Hands
Is Lexi Wood Coming Back to Summer House?
Hailey Bieber’s Gucci Dress Is So Cinderella-Coded
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.