Filed under:
Serendipity 3, open since 1954, adds a second New York location in Times Square
Serendipity 3 opened on the Upper East Side in 1954 and soon became a mid-century hangout for the likes of Andy Warhol (who used to barter for meals with his drawings) and Marilyn Monroe (where she would come and study scripts). Over time, Serendipity built out its menu: To this day, the trademarked Frrrozen Hot Chocolate dessert remains its calling card, a recipe so beloved Jackie Kennedy Onassis once tried to buy it for a White House party. (Oprah later got it.) As the restaurant approaches its 70th anniversary, the brand is expanding in New York for the first time: A second Manhattan location will open at 157 West 47th Street, near Seventh Avenue, inside the OYO Times Square Hotel on August 20. 
The Times Square outpost is far from Serendipity’s only attempt to expand: There were iterations in Westport, Connecticut, Boston, Las Vegas, Boca Raton, Florida, Tokyo, and Washington D.C. All have since closed.
It’s a common misconception that the “3” attached to its name is the number of locations. It references the trio of founders: Stephen Bruce (the only still surviving), Calvin Holt, and Patch Caradine. Initially, they opened Serendipity as an antique shop with a cafe in the back, later transitioning into a full-blown restaurant. The UES location is filled with memorabilia — only old Hollywood patrons have been swapped for celebrities like Selena Gomez, who was, at one point, an investor. Their 30 millionth Frrrozen Hot Chocolate was anointed to Cher, a longtime customer, on the Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon last winter.
Joe Calderone, the creative director of Serendipity 3, who has been with the company for four decades, has the task of ushering the legacy spot into its next big move. 
“We’re always at capacity; we needed more space,” he says. During COVID, Serendipity 3 underwent some interior design updates on East 60th Street. Even still, the new Times Square location looks entirely distinct from it, forgoing old-school whimsy for modernity. The restaurant worked with the architecture team Wid Chapman, also behind Rice to Riches. 
It’s challenging to build on the name of a brand that has lived so many lives, one that broke several Guinness World Records, and was referenced on the television show Girls. A TikTok account called Designing Spaces gave it new eyes in 2023 discussing the Upper East Side’s nostalgic interiors. 
“It’s really a 2024 very playful take on the 1954 original location,” says Calderone. “But we’re still keeping some older artifacts. We’re known for our antique clock; it was taken from a building that was being demolished and the original owners wheeled it down the street; we found a big clock in London and had it shipped to New York.” 
Instead of sourcing more lamps for Times Square, the team worked with artist Allison Eden, who makes glass mosaic installations. Tiffany lamps were synonymous with the original and revived their popularity. “We saved them from the children of the antiques dealers, who were putting them in the trees and throwing rocks at them,” Bruce told T Magazine in 2019. On East 60th Street, they call the fireplace seating, the “movie table,” because that’s where John Cusack and Kate Beckinsale sat in the namesake Serendipity movie, circa the early 2000s. In Times Square, a fireplace features glass flames coming out of it as a loose homage.
Reproductions of Andy Warhol artworks paper the walls in a space resembling a set from the Barbie film. “Andy would use the space as kind of another Factory because he’d bring guests and colored pencils — we even sold, before he was famous, his artwork for, like, $20 framed, at the gift shop,” says Calderone. Milton Glaser and Seymour Chwast, the iconic artists part of Push Pin Studios, long ago designed Serendipity’s stirrers; these and other design details — the fire and ice mascots — will live on in the new outpost. 
Like its Upper East Side original, the plan is to open for breakfast until late night. There will be a couple of over-the-top items added to Times Square; otherwise, the full menu — including their foot-long hot dogs, here with Italian and Buffalo-flavored toppings (even with mac and cheese) — will follow to the Theater District. These days there are 13 varieties of the Frrrozen Hot Chocolate (there’s even a vegan version). While the UES has its beer and wine license, here they’ll also have a selection of cocktails.
Serendipity 3 is an institution unlike any other in New York, a window into a past where businesses didn’t have to be labeled as one thing. While many old businesses shutter due to rising expenses and rent hikes, the brand isn’t going anywhere: The restaurant owns the brownstone at 225 E. 60th Street.
Serendipity 3’s name has been delivered all over the country. Any day someone who longs for the memory of the place can get their Frrrozen Hot Chocolate mix shipped directly to their home — though nothing can replace drinking one in their old-fashioned soda fountain glass. For Calderone, “fashion, food, and fabulousness,” is at the core of the business, no matter where it is exported.
Sign up for our newsletter.
Check your inbox for a welcome email.
Oops. Something went wrong. Please enter a valid email and try again.