Selena Gomez found a rare love with Benny Blanco. 
In a new cover story for the Hollywood Reporter, the “Only Murders in the Building” star was asked why she has allowed the world in on their relationship — despite previously keeping her love life private. 
“I guess this is the safest I’ve ever felt in one, and I see a future with this person,” Gomez candidly answered. 
The “Wolves” singer, 32, began dating Blanco, 36, in July 2023 but they didn’t go public with their romance until December of that year. 
Since then, she and the producer have been known to share snippets of their relationship online — which Gomez says is a means to protect their peace. 
“When you put a little bit out there, people are not as hungry to hunt you down,” she said. “Like, if they hear something, they’re going to, but if you’re like, ‘I did it,’ they’re like, “Oh, well, there’s you, just going to Sushi Park.’”
Despite being famous for over 20 years, the multi-hyphenate “still feels like [she has] a private life.” 
“I have my places to go, and no one bothers me at,” she teased, noting that “there’s so much of [her] relationship people don’t see.”
Along with finding fulfillment in her personal life, Gomez’s career has also skyrocketed in the last few years — from becoming a billionaire (thanks to her Rare Beauty line) to earning her first Emmy nomination. 
“I love where I am in every aspect of my life right now, and I’m really proud of how far I’ve come,” she told the outlet. “I feel healthy. I feel happy. I feel peaceful.”
Although she and Blanco didn’t start dating until last year, the two have known each other for years, even collaborating with J. Balvin and Tainy on the 2019 song “I Can’t Get Enough.”
While appearing on Kai Cenat’s livestream Tuesday, Blanco said they had been friends for “10-plus years” before Gomez made a move. 
“She asked me out,” he said. “It was crazy.”
However, given their close friendship, Blanco “didn’t even realize [they] were on a date” until mid-way through the meal. 
“She was like, ‘Well, I would have worn something different to this date,’” he recalled. “And I was like, ‘Wait, what? We’re on a date?’ I had no idea.”
After the successful dinner date, Gomez asked to hang out again and the producer realized she might actually “like” him.
“I literally just kissed her and then the rest is history,” he said. “She is my best friend.”
Advertisement