Khloe Kardashian has left her fans completely gobsmacked after she ventured outside for a super sexy photoshoot in the snow, wearing nothing but a bikini and a large fur coat.
In the first picture, Khloe posed with a large fur coat round her shoulders as she gazed at the camera, wearing nothing but a skimpy bikini and a large fur hat. She wore her long blonde locks in blown out layers that tumbled over her shoulders as she pouted for the picture while snow completely surrounded her.
READ MORE: Kim Kardashian selling G-string so skimpy it 'won't cover anything' in the front
READ MORE: Selena Gomez accepts weight gain and says she will 'never look like' former self
For her other snaps, Khloe dropped the coat to show off her curves and stuck her leg out from underneath the giant jacket. She looked toned and tanned as the coat slipped off her shoulder while she tilted her head up in the air.
Close up selfies showed off the star’s full face of makeup, which included a flawless base, contour, nude lipstick and layers of mascara as she lifted her hand up to adjust the hat.
Khloe uploaded the snaps to her Instagram profile and showed off her shape to her 310 million followers, who were clearly left totally floored by her cheeky ensemble. Many of them couldn’t believe the Kardashian sister’s daring outfit in the near freezing temperatures.
In the caption, Khloe wrote: “It’s giving mob wife vibes…faux mob wife, of course,” as fans flocked to the comment section to share their thoughts. Her sister Kylie Jenner branded Khloe “hot” while Scott Disick called her “too hot to handle”.
Someone joked that the outfit was “giving hypothermia” while another person called her “beautiful” and many more left her fire emojis in the comments. Someone else typed: “Hot, gonna melt the snow,” as another fan added: “Bestie! This is your ‘pop off era’ and we’re all here for it!”
Another comment read: “Let me pick my jaw up off the floor,” as one follower simply wrote the word “perfection”. Her snaps come after she recently posted some pictures wearing a rather risqué outfit made up of teeny blue panels to cover her modesty.
The dress had a large cut out section across her chest that exposed her curves as Khloe’s makeup artists stood around her.
Have you joined Threads? Follow Daily Star to keep up to date on all things showbiz here
For more of the latest showbiz news from Daily Star, make sure you sign up to one of our newsletters here.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.