Beau Lamarre was seen with Kourtney Kardashian days before he was charged with the murder of ex Jesse Baird and his boyfriend.
Channel Ten presenter Jesse, 26, and his 29-year-old boyfriend Luke Davies were confirmed dead by Australian police while serving police officer Lamarre was charged with two counts of murder on Friday. Lamarre, who used to be a celebrity blogger, handed himself in at Bondi police station on Friday morning at around 10.30am.
He later appeared before a court and didn't apply for bail. Lamarre was spotted brushing shoulders with Kourtney Kardashian and her husband Travis Barker just last week. The cop snapped a selfie with the A-listers while they were visiting Sydney as part of the Blink-182 tour.
He shared the photo on social media and tagged the stars. “When Keeping up with the Kardashians take Sydney! Sneaky onset selfies …,” Lamarre captioned the post. Over the years, Lamarre has been photographed with Kim Kardashian as well as Taylor Swift, Miley Cyrus and Selena Gomez.
Police found a firearm at Baird's home in Paddington, Sydney, along with a large amount of blood and a cartridge case. Det Supt Daniel Doherty revealed police had been hunting a white van and that the vehicle was finally located on Friday morning. He also confirmed that it will be claimed in court the van was used to “transport the bodies and dispose of the bodies”.
The bodies of Baird and Davies have not yet been found, however, bloody clothes belonging to the TV host and his boyfriend Davies were found in a skip. A previous police statement on the case read: "Following inquiries, detectives are looking at a line of inquiry that a third person may be able to assist with the investigation. Police are currently trying to locate him. Detectives will continue to look at all past relationships and associations."
Lamarre was named a person of interest in the case after the investigators learned that he once dated Jesse, whose colleagues have shared messages over his disappearance. Stacey Thompson, who worked with Baird on children's show Totally Wild, told DailyMail: "I'm shocked actually. I worked with Jesse for a few years and we sat across from one another in the TW office.
"He was a lovely work friend, always professional and keen to learn. I prefer not to comment further at this time, until more details come to light." Lamarre's case has been adjourned until April 23. Police cited needing to have time to prepare evidence. Outside court, Lamarre’s lawyer didn’t answer questions, according to the Guardian, with the outlet also saying that a member of the New South Wales homicide squad confirmed Lamarre had been part of a specialist team within the force.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.