Britney Spears has revealed that she married herself. 
The Toxic hitmaker, 42, took to social media with a throwback video of her in a satin cream dress and a veil, and revealed that marrying herself was the ‘most brilliant thing I’ve ever done’. 
Taking to social media with the video, Britney wrote: ‘The day I married myself … Bringing it back because it might seem embarrassing or stupid, but I think it’s the most brilliant thing I’ve ever done !!!’
It’s not clear when or how Britney celebrated this unusual union, but she divorced 30-year-old ex-husband Sam Asghari one year ago. 
The pair were married for 14 months before deciding to part ways, although they had been together since 2016.
What ensued was an apparently messy divorce, which came after it was reported he accused the popstar of cheating. 
The couple did not have children together but Britney does have two sons with ex Kevin Federline. 
To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web
							browser that
							supports HTML5
								video
Up Next
In the wake of the divorce, Britney sparked concern with erratic social media activity and sprawling captions. 
In one post she directly addressed the divorce, writing: ‘As everyone knows, Hesam and I are no longer together … 6 years is a long time to be with someone so, I’m a little shocked but … I’m not here to explain why because it’s honestly nobody’s business !!!
‘But, I couldn’t take the pain anymore honestly !!! In some sort of telepathic way I have been receiving so many messages that melt my heart from friends and I thank you !!!
‘I’ve been playing it strong for way too long and my Instagram may seem perfect but it’s far from reality and I think we all know that !!! I would love to show my emotions and tears on how I really feel but some reason I’ve always had to hide my weaknesses !!!
‘If I wasn’t my dad’s strong soldier, I would be sent away to places to get fixed by doctors !!! But that’s when I needed family the most !!! You’re supposed to be loved unconditionally … not under conditions !!!!
‘So I will be as strong as I can and do my best !!! And I’m actually doing pretty damn good !!! Anyways have a good day and don’t forget to smile !!!’
In Sam statement, also posted to Instagram, he wrote: ‘We will hold onto the love and respect we have for each and I wish her the best always.
‘S**t happens. Asking for privacy seems ridiculous so I will just ask for everyone including media to be kind and thoughtful.’
Court documents cited ‘irreconcilable differences’ as the reason for divorce after the couple married at Britney’s Thousand Oaks home on June 9 the year before in front of a celebrity-stacked guestlist including Paris Hilton, Selena Gomez, and Madonna.
Shortly after their divorce, Britney’s memoir was published, in which she made a number of revelations about her time in the spotlight. 
She claimed Justin Timberlake had pressured her into an abortion during their short 00s relationship, and also discussed the heartbreak of her conservatorship, which restricted her freedom for 13 years. 
Britney described how during this time she became a ‘child-robot’, having lost her womanhood. She became an ‘entity’, rather than a person on stage, the star explained.
‘I always felt I had music in my bones and my blood; they stole that from me,’ she wrote.
She was previously married to Kevin and also her childhood friend Jason Alexander. 
She and Jason said ‘I do’ at a chapel in Las Vegas in 2004, but it was very short-lived. 
Despite making things official, they annulled their married 55 hours after it had begun and Jason later claimed he was mislead into doing so with the promise of a continued romantic relationship. 
Reflecting on the marriage, Jason told Toxic: The Britney Spears Story podcast: ‘It was like five in the morning, we’re still in bed talking and she wanted me to come on tour with her. 
‘And I was like, “I can’t. I love to come on tour with you, but I got to go back and I have my senior year football. I earned a scholarship. I’m not going to just walk away.” 
‘And that was when she was like, “Well, I got something I got to ask” and I’m like, “What’s that?” And then she pretty much asked me if I would get married.’ 
Kevin was Britney’s second spouse whom she married just months after her Vegas nuptials. 
She met the background dancer in 2004 and agreed to be his wife just three months later, however, it was only to last two years before divorce was on the horizon. 
Citing ‘irreconcilable differences’, the pair split two months after welcoming their second son together, Jayden. 
Got a story?
If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.
Arrow
MORE: Massive NHS overhaul could see robot surgeons and ‘patient passports’ rolled out nationwide
Arrow
MORE: Woman posted sexual photos of her dad’s ex-lover on escort site in ‘vindictive’ plot
Arrow
MORE: Man ‘kidnapped girl, 9, outside Harrods before drugging and sexually assaulting her’