The Our Place Always Pan, having sold out 10 times in the US and accumulated a waiting list of over 50,000 people, has become one of the most sought-after kitchen items in recent years. But you might be wondering, what's so special about this saucepan?
Keen to see if it was worth the buzz, I put the 10-in-1 pan to the test over several weeks and the chic cookware did not let me down. Not only is the game-changing pan a visual treat, but its functionality is also top-notch.
It can do everything from searing to steaming, boiling, baking, straining and serving. If your kitchen cabinets are overflowing with various pots and pans, there's nothing better than discovering a piece of cookware that can solve this issue reports MyLondon.
READ MORE: Jet setters buy £20 dentist-approved teeth whitening product that fits in your holiday luggage
READ MORE: Antler shoppers can save up to £100 on cabin cases that are 'perfect' for EasyJet and Ryanair
Usually selling for £130 at full price, the Always Pan is now down to £95 in the Our Place spring sale, offering up to 34% off. It's also available at Selfridges for the same discount here.
This limited-time deal saves shoppers £35, so if you're planning to invest in one, now is an excellent time to grab this offer. The Our Place spring sale also includes their best-selling bundles - the 4-piece Cookware Set Pro is reduced from £535 to £350.
It includes The Perfect Pot, Mini Perfect Pot, Mini Always Pan and the brand new Titanium Always Pan Pro which alone costs £175.
The Always Pan was surprisingly lighter than I anticipated. Crafted from aluminium, it boasts a specially designed lightweight construction, ensuring it doesn't feel like you're lifting weights when transferring it to the sink or dining table filled with food or water.
When it comes to cooking, this pan heats up in no time at all. I hardly noticed any waiting time as it warmed up so quickly. Plus, it retains heat exceptionally well, keeping your food piping hot and is oven safe up to 230C.
Now I find myself preparing most of my meals in the Always Pan. It's been used for everything from pasta dishes to fried eggs and pancakes.
I particularly enjoy using the steaming function for vegetables and dumplings. It excels at cooking every dish I've tried, eliminating the need for most other kitchen pans.
This is especially useful when considering storage space. While it's perfect for cooking for one or two people, those with larger families might find the Large Always Pan more suitable.
Without a doubt, the Always Pan is the most aesthetically pleasing piece of cookware I own. Available in a variety of shades including sage, spice, lavender and blue salt, it can match any kitchen interior.
Even Selena Gomez has collaborated with them on a design. At £95, the Always Pan might seem a bit steep, but trust me, it's worth every penny when you're using it nearly every day. For comparison, the Ninja Foodie 9-in-1 Possible Pan will set you back £99.99 (usually £1299.99) and a Le Creuset Pan even more at £155.
There are cheaper options out there, like this multipurpose pan from Amazon for £53.88. But remember, if you want to keep the Always Pan in tip-top shape, you've got to treat it right. The makers recommend using a low-medium heat and never heating an empty pan.
Stick to high smoke point oils and steer clear of aerosol spray oils. Don't even think about sticking it in the dishwasher. Hand wash only and only once it's fully cooled down.
That means no chucking it under cold water straight after cooking. Also, avoid scours and abrasive cleaning agents. You'll need to give your family or housemates a crash course on how to care for the Always Pan before they get their hands on it.
You can snap up the Always Pan in the Our Place spring sale here. They've also just launched the Titanium Always Pan Pro for £175, which boasts nonstick technology that's coating-free.
Pros:
Cons:
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.