Watch CBS News

Updated on:  September 11, 2024 / 8:18 PM EDT
          / Essentials
        

            We may receive commissions from some links to products on this page. Promotions are subject to availability and retailer terms.
          
Whether you have an assortment of random cookware in your kitchen or none at all, investing in a matching cookware set can be highly beneficial. Purchasing a cookware set for your kitchen provides a cohesive and organized look to your kitchen and can sometimes be more cost-effective than buying individual pieces. Even if you have a small kitchen, there are mini cookware sets available to suit your needs.
Below, you'll find some of the best cookware sets on the market from top brands like Our Place, HexClad, Caraway and more. These selections include pots, pans, Dutch ovens, and other essentials for home cooking.
Whether you have a limited budget or need cookware compatible with induction stovetops, we've gathered options for every type of range and need you can think of below.
The mini versions of Our Place's bestselling Perfect Pot and Always Pan are ideal for cooking for one without taking up too much kitchen space. When you bundle the minis, you can get 22% off your purchase. 
The cookware is nonstick, oven-safe up to 450 degrees and comes with stirring utensils for each, as well as a dedicated nesting space on the cookware for easier storage. What's more, the duo comes in multiple pretty color options, including blue, green, purple and more. 
Caraway is a direct-to-consumer ceramics line that uses a mineral-based, non-toxic, nonstick coating on its cookware. According to the Caraway website, Caraway cookware releases 60% less carbon dioxide than other nonstick models. On top of that, Caraway pots and pans are known for being especially easy on the eyes.
"I am struck by how great this cookware looks and performs," a reviewer says. "I've used nearly all the pieces, and aside from the practical use of pots and pans, they clean and store very easily. I love the hanging slipcase for the lids as well."
This Caraway cookware set includes a 10.5-inch fry pan, 3-quart saucepan, 4.5-quart sauté pan and a 6.5-quart Dutch oven. Purchase also includes magnetic pan racks and a canvas lid holder, which will make keeping your kitchen organized so much easier. 
HexClad pans are worth the price because they combine the performance of stainless steel cookware, the durability of cast iron and the convenience of nonstick. The brand is even backed by Gordon Ramsay. 
This set comes with a 12-, 8- and 10-inch fry pan as well as corresponding lids for each. It's also dishwasher- and oven-safe and can be used on induction cooktops. 
Right now, you can score this cookware set for 25% off the original price, translating to a savings of $132.
Get cooking with this top-rated, 12-piece, hard anodized set from Ninja. The set features a mix of frying pans, saucepans, sauté pans and pots in different sizes. All of the glass lid pots and pans included in the Ninja 12-piece cookware set have a scratch-resistant coating and are nonstick, oven-safe and dishwasher-safe.
The Ninja Foodi cookware set has a 4.5-star rating on Amazon. One reviewer wrote, "These pots and pans are simply amazing. They are beautiful, versatile, sturdy, easy to clean, the lids fit well. Love them." 
Great Jones makes modern kitchen pieces that last. The female-founded brand boasts a wide variety of cookware and bakeware, plus mixing bowls, kettles and more.
This must-have cookware set has everything you need to cook a holiday feast, make a cozy Sunday night dinner or throw together a casual weeknight meal. The set includes an 8-quart stock pot, a deep sauté pan, a 3-quart saucepan, a nonstick frying pan made with a non-toxic ceramic coating, two stainless-steel lids and a gorgeous 6.75-quart enameled cast-iron Dutch oven that comes in seven colors. It is dishwasher safe, but hand washing is recommended.
The Carote 11-piece pot and pan set comes with detachable handles, which are game changers when it comes to saving space in cabinets and drawers. 
With this set, you get two handles, which are about 7.5 inches long and easily snap into place onto the pots and pans. There are two pots, including two and three-quart saucepans, and three pans, including an 8-inch and 10-inch frying pan as well as a 10-inch saute pan. These sizes are pretty standard and will allow you to cook a variety of dishes, ranging from scrambled eggs to stir-fries. 
Another standout attribute is the set's 7-inch and 8-inch silicone storage lids, which allow the saucepans and 8-inch frying pan to double as food storage containers that you can put in your fridge. The set also comes with two traditional lids for cooking: one 8-inch and one 10-inch. 
These pots and pans are compatible with all cooktops, including induction, and can be put in the oven and dishwasher. Just like all nonstick pans, the brand recommends you use gentle dish soap and nonabrasive sponges when cleaning to avoid damage. You should also refrain from using metal utensils, as that can easily scratch the pan.  
The Carote 11-piece nonstick pot and pan set has a 4.4-star rating on Amazon. One reviewer wrote, "I love being able to take the handle off for easy storage. All cookware should be made this way! The extra lids are great, too. I can cook and store in the same pot!" 
This Food Network nonstick cookware set includes a 1.5-quart covered saucepan, a 2.5-quart covered saucepan, a 3-quart covered sauté pan, a 6-quart covered Dutch oven, an 8-inch open fry pan and a 10-inch open fry pan. Crafted with titanium-infused ceramic nonstick coating, these pans are safe for use on gas, electric and glass or ceramic cooktops, and they're oven-safe (without lids) in heat up to 350 degrees.
"Well, this set is holding up and still looks great after a year of good cooking," a reviewer says of this nonstick cookware. "Easy to clean, beautiful appearance and perfect for everyday use."
Carolin Lehmann is an expert in health, fitness, furniture, apparel, gift guides and books for CBS Essentials. She's always testing new products to recommend. Some of her current favorites include Stanley cups and Alo Yoga workout sets.

          Here's how to watch the Cardinals take on the Seahawks today.
        

          Find out how (and where) to watch the 49ers face off with the Packers today.
        

          Find out how (and where) to watch the Cowboys take on the Commanders today.
        

          Want to watch the Philadelphia Eagles vs. Los Angeles Rams NFL game today? Here's how.
        

          Here's everything you need to know about watching the Kansas City Chiefs-Carolina Panthers game today.
        

          Want to know how to watch the Tampa Bay Buccaneers vs. New York Giants NFL game today? Here's what you need to know.
        

          Want to know how to watch the New England Patriots vs. Miami Dolphins NFL game today? Here's what you need to know.
        

          Find out how (and where) to watch the Lions face off with the Colts today.
        

          Find out how (and where) to watch the Vikings face off with the Bears today.
        

          Buffalo Trace Distillery in Frankfurt, Kentucky, ground to a halt last month when the nearby Kentucky River rose to over 48 feet.
        

          It was the sacrifice of U.S. and European Allied soldiers during World War II that formed the bedrock of an alliance that has lasted for over 80 years.
        

          Sovereignty defeated a field of 18 challengers to win the 151st Kentucky Derby Saturday at Churchill Downs.
        

          Delays persisted Saturday at Newark Liberty International Airport. They come a day after United Airlines announced they'd be cutting back flights at the airport​ due to persistent equipment and staffing issues.
        

          The driver of the car, 38-year-old Rodney Hinton Jr., was charged with aggravated murder in the Cincinnati deputy's death, police said.
        

          Warren Buffett announced Saturday he would step down as CEO of Berkshire Hathaway at the end of the year.
        

          Warren Buffett said he will recommend to Berkshire Hathaway's board that Greg Abel should become CEO at the end of the year.
        

          The owner of the Three Brothers Diner says customers are cutting back on spending amid economic worries.
        

          Altman's World venture wants to convince people to scan their eyeballs to prove they're human amidst a proliferation of AIs and bots.
        

          President Trump's budget proposal for fiscal year 2026 would cut spending at the majority of departments and agencies.
        

          It was the sacrifice of U.S. and European Allied soldiers during World War II that formed the bedrock of an alliance that has lasted for over 80 years.
        

          Cardinals are set to gather in Vatican City next week to choose Pope Francis' successor as the leader of the Catholic Church.
        

          Warren Buffett said he will recommend to Berkshire Hathaway's board that Greg Abel should become CEO at the end of the year.
        

          The Department of Justice has filed a lawsuit against the state of Colorado, the city of Denver and a list of local leaders.
        

          Australia's vote comes just a week after Canada's elections, where President Trump's influence was also felt.
        

          Warren Donaldson, 64, says Kareem Abdul-Jabbar's awareness campaign encouraged him to get his symptoms checked out.
        

          Laid-off employees ranged from those working in firefighter health programs, to those approving new respirators.
        

          There were at least 111 cases of measles reported in the last week of March, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
        

          Sneezing this spring? Here's why seasonal allergies are so bad this year and what you can do to feel better, according to experts.
        

          Since flu season is still ongoing, data is preliminary and may change, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said. Experts say it will likely increase.
        

          Everyone on board – three women, a child and the 29-year-old pilot – were rescued from their perch atop the capsized plane in "excellent condition," officials said.
        

          The Holy See released a video Saturday of the preparations for the May 7 conclave after Pope Francis died on April 21.
        

          The Greek police's division for organized crime was investigating the incident, while authorities were also investigating whether the woman might have had ties to extreme leftist groups.
        

          The aerial bombing on Saturday in South Sudan killed at least seven and caused significant damage to the hospital's pharmacy, destroying all medical supplies.
        

          Prime Minister Anthony Albanese became the first Australian leader to win a second consecutive three-year term in 21 years.
        

          Folk supergroup I'm With Her returns to Saturday Sessions to perform from their sophomore album "Wild and Clear and Blue" seven years after releasing their first album. "Wild and Clear and Blue" will be available next week. Now, from their new album, here is I'm With Her with "Year After Year."
        

          Folk supergroup I'm With Her returns to Saturday Sessions to perform from their sophomore album "Wild and Clear and Blue" seven years after releasing their first album. "Wild and Clear and Blue" will be available next week. Now, from their new album, here is I'm With Her with "Ancient Light."
        

          Forget the vinyl revolution: For old-school music fans, cassettes are making a comeback. Superstars are offering some of their latest songs on the fragile, finicky devices, and there's a surprising surge in cassette sales. Here's why some fans are looking to the past to see the future of music.
        

          Chef Mario Pagan is nothing short of a culinary ambassador for Puerto Rico. The island where he was born and raised is now home to four of his fine dining restaurants, all of which feature food that tells a story with bold Caribbean flavors. His most recent establishment transformed a former theater in an up-and-coming San Juan neighborhood into a dramatic new eatery.
        

          Artist Joshua Vides is known for his all-star collaborations and his ability to transform everyday objects into two-dimensional illustrations. He opened up to Dana Jacobson about his creative journey and developing his unique style.
        

          Rockstar Games apologizes after announcing that Grand Theft Auto 6, its eagerly awaited video game, won't be released until next year.
        

          Bree Smith, a Nashville mom, says the deepfakes quickly multiplied, accompanying offers for private dinners and intimate acts in exchange for hundreds of dollars.
        

          From labor shortages to environmental impacts, farmers are looking to AI to help revolutionize the agriculture industry. One California startup, Farm-ng, is tapping into the power of AI and robotics to perform a wide range of tasks, including seeding, weeding and harvesting.
        

          Mastercard is working with companies to use artificial intelligence to help shoppers shop and make payments. William Antonelli, a contributor at Business Insider, joins CBS News with more.
        

          Epic Games, the maker of "Fortnite," filed an antitrust lawsuit alleging that Apple had built an illegal monopoly around its popular App Store.
        

          In the summer of 2010, panic spread across the region when the Deepwater Horizon oil rig exploded​ in the Gulf.
        

          The mummy was found in Aspero, a sacred site within the city of Caral that was a garbage dump for over 30 years until becoming an archaeological site in the 1990s.
        

          A notably large brood of periodical cicadas will emerge from the underground across parts of the eastern U.S. this spring.
        

          There are other meat-eating caterpillars that "do lots of crazy things, but this takes the cake," the study's author said.
        

          Shortening permitting procedures for mining and oil drilling could adversely affect the environment, communities and endangered species, experts say.
        

          The driver of the car, 38-year-old Rodney Hinton Jr., was charged with aggravated murder in the Cincinnati deputy's death, police said.
        

          Kendy Howard was found dead in her bathtub. While dispatched as a suicide, clues at the scene made Kootenai County authorities suspicious.
        

          Maria del Carmen Morales and her son were shot dead last week. They had been searching for another son who went missing last year.
        

          Jennifer McCabe, a key witness in Karen Read's second trial for the death of Boston police officer John O'Keefe, is back on the stand to tell her story of what occurred on the night O'Keefe died. CBS News legal analyst Rikki Klieman has more.
        

          Hip-hop mogul Sean "Diddy" Combs rejected a plea deal offer on Thursday. The 55-year-old recording artist is facing federal charges that include sex trafficking and racketeering. He has pleaded not guilty. Jury selection is set to begin on Monday for his trial.
        

          An astronaut who missed out on the first all-female spacewalk is getting her chance six years later.
        

          The European Space Agency's Biomass satellite is currently in orbit over the Amazon rainforest.
        

          The Hubble Space Telescope "opened a new window to the universe" when it launched into space. Now, 35 years later, NASA is releasing some stunning images to celebrate.
        

          This asteroid is bigger than scientists anticipated, about 5 miles long and 2 miles wide at its widest point — resembling a deformed peanut.
        

          During the peak of the Lyrid meteor shower, 10 to 20 meteors could be seen per hour, NASA says.
        

          Protests against the Trump administration took place across the U.S. Saturday. The demonstrations were held to mark the 250th anniversary of the start of the Revolutionary War.
        

          A look back at the esteemed personalities who've left us this year, who'd touched us with their innovation, creativity and humanity.
        

          Hundreds of thousands took to the streets, in Washington, D.C. and other cities across the United States, in opposition to the policies of Donald Trump, in the largest protests since he returned to the presidency.
        

          A look into a grieving husband Jan Cilliers' investigative work after his wife Christy Giles and her friend Hilda Marcela Cabrales died after a night out.
        

          Peterson's death sentence for the murder of his pregnant wife Laci has been overturned. Now his supporters are pushing for a complete retrial.
        

          Saturday is the 151st Kentucky Derby. While the race is legendary, so too is the state's bourbon. Nicole Sganga shows how one distillery hit by disaster has beat the odds and reopened.
        

          President Trump's attempt at papal humor sparked worldwide outrage on Saturday. With the conclave just days away, the White House released an AI-generated photo of him in full pope attire.
        

          This week, President Trump marked 100 days in office. For some Americans, it has been a time of smashing success. For others, it was chaos and danger. But for America's allies, it has been a time of reckoning and backlash. Elizabeth Palmer has more.
        

          In a BBC interview, Prince Harry said he did not know how long King Charles, who has cancer, had to live. Harry also expressed a desire to make peace with his family. Ramy Inocencio has more.
        

          The latest shot in President Trump's global trade war was fired on Saturday. New tariffs on imported car parts took effect but the economy proved resilient. Willie James Inman has the latest.
        
Copyright ©2025 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved.