Disney Channel seems set for a major reunion, as more stars sign on to the reboot of Wizards of Waverly Place. The original show, which featured Selena Gomez as Alex Russo and David Henrie as Justin Russo, ran on the Disney Channel from 2007 to 2012.
The series saw Gomez shoot to stardom and pursue a successful singing and acting career, with the Same Old Love musician going on to join the star-studded cast of Disney’s Only Murders in the Building in 2021.
Now, the Russo family is returning for a reboot entitled Wizards Beyond Waverly Place, which will be dropping on the Disney Channel and Disney Plus this coming Autumn.
Alongside Gomez and Henrie, two more huge Disney Channel stars have signed on to the project, according to The Hollywood Reporter .
Raven-Symoné, who starred as the titular character of Disney’s That’s So Raven between 2003 and 2007, will return to the channel to direct the reboot.
The show has also welcomed Danielle Fishel, who is best known for playing Topanga Lawrence on the teen sitcom Boy Meets World and who later reprised her role for 2014’s Girl Meets World on Disney Channel, as a director.
The Disney icons will be stepping behind the camera for a few episodes in the show’s first season.
Wizards Beyond Waverly Place follows Justin, who has chosen to live a normal, non-magical life with his wife, Giada (Mimi Gianopulos), and their two kids, Roman (Alkaio Thiele) and Milo (Max Matenko).
However, when his sister Alex brings Billie (Janice LeAnn Brown) to his home asking for his help, Justine realises he has to call on his magic skills once more to mentor the new wizard-in-training and safeguard the future of the Wizard World.
It is worth noting that, while Gomez is not set to be a recurring character on the show, fans will get to see her reunite with her on-screen brother in the first episode of the new series.
Both Gomez and Henrie will serve as executive producers on the show, which is set to air on Disney Channel on October 29.
Describing the reunion with Russo, Henrie previously said: “It was awesome. We didn’t want it to end. It was great.
“She’s so good. She has such a quick wit that’s only gotten stronger.”
Wizards Beyond Waverly Place will debut the first two episodes on Disney Channel on October 29, 2024. All eight episodes will then be released on Disney Plus the following day, October 30.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.