Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
Comedy sensation Miranda Hart recently moved singer Selena Gomez to tears, revealing that the pop star's candidness about her own Lyme disease battle inspired her to do the same.
The comedian, 51, opened up about how Selena's courageous health journey gave her the bravery to disclose her own Lyme disease diagnosis, which she announced this week.
Comedian and actress Hart, 51, has released her book, I Haven’t Been Entirely Honest With You, which is described as a “honest exploration of the lessons she has learned on her journey from illness to recovery”.
The TV star, best known for popular BBC sitcom Miranda, has spoken about being diagnosed with Lyme disease.
Hart said on The Graham Norton Show: “I watched Selena’s documentary (My Mind And Me) and it gave me the courage to be vulnerable and share my feelings about my disease. It kept me writing.”
Gomez, 32, rose to fame as part of Disney series Wizards Of Waverly Place, and more recently has gained plaudits for her role in Disney+ series Only Murders In The Building alongside renowned comedy stars Steve Martin and Martin Short.
In 2020, Gomez announced she had been diagnosed with bipolar disorder during an emotional online chat with fellow former Disney star Miley Cyrus.
The Texas-born star, who is a Grammy-nominated singer, went on to explore her struggles in a “uniquely raw and intimate” Apple TV+ documentary, titled My Mind And Me, which charted her six-year rise to fame.
Hart said: “The book is not just about illness; it is about how I learnt to live well and free with joy and meaning despite my circumstances. I now feel I can be in the world as me. I feel fully free, if not fully recovered.”
Lyme disease is a bacterial infection that can be spread to humans by infected ticks, according to the NHS website.
Hart recently got married and has not revealed her husband’s identity, but told the BBC show of their July wedding: “It was a very small gathering and for no reason at all it was Hawaiian themed with inflatable flamingos, coconut bowling and a steel band.”
Gomez appeared on the show alongside actress Zoe Saldana as they promote their upcoming operatic musical Netflix film Emilia Perez, which follows four women in Mexico.
Doctor Who star Ncuti Gatwa and Oscar-winning A Fish Called Wanda actor Kevin Kline are also guests.
Singer Rag’n’Bone Man, real name Rory Graham, performs a song from his third studio album, What Do You Believe In?
The Graham Norton Show airs on BBC One on October 11 at 10.40pm and is also available on BBC iPlayer.
ChronicleLive is now on WhatsApp and we want you to join our communities.
We have a number of communities to join, so you can choose which one you want to be part of and we'll send you the latest news direct to your phone. You could even join them all!
To join you need to have WhatsApp on your device. All you need to do is choose which community you want to join, click on the link and press 'join community'.
No one will be able to see who is signed up and no one can send messages except the ChronicleLive team.
We also treat our community members to special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners.
If you don't like our community, you can check out any time you like. To leave our community click on the name at the top of your screen and choose 'exit group'.
If you’re curious, you can read our privacy notice.
Join the ChronicleLive Breaking News and Top Stories community
Join our Court & Crime community
Join the Things to do in Newcastle and the North East community
Join our Northumberland community
Join our County Durham community
Join our Sunderland community
Join our NUFC community 
Join our SAFC community
Join our Great North Run community