By JACQUELINE LINDENBERG FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  07:16, 6 October 2024   |  Updated:  05:54, 17 October 2024   
 17
View  comments
Zoe Saldana turned heads in an eye-catching ensemble at the screening of the film, Emilia Perez, during the 47th Mill Valley Film Festival in San Rafael, California on Saturday.
The Avatar actress, 46 — who received a coveted French honor with the entire Emilia Perez cast, including Selena Gomez — flashed a cheerful smile as she stepped onto the red carpet at the glitzy event.
The French musical crime comedy — which was directed by Jacques Audiard — is slated to drop on Netflix next month on November 13. 
Saldana stunned in a fitted, sheer dress that was made of a black lace material and fell down towards her ankles. 
The top portion of the ensemble was secured with off-white buttons while a black, leather belt wrapped around her waist for a stylish flare. 
Zoe Saldana, 46, turned heads in an eye-catching ensemble at the screening of the film, Emilia Perez, at the 47th Mill Valley Film Festival in San Rafael, California on Saturday
Zoe slipped into a pair of closed-toed, black heels which coincided with the monochromatic color scheme of her look. 
The beauty's dark locks were pushed back with a headband, allowing the strands to effortlessly flow down in light waves behind her back. 
The star opted for minimal accessories, and added dainty earrings as well as a black, choker necklace and silver rings on each of her hands. 
Saldana's makeup was glammed up, and comprised of a layer of mascara to her lashes as well as a light shadow around her eyes. 
A warm blush was added to her cheekbones for a radiant glow, while a glossy, nude-colored tint was worn on her lips for a finishing touch.  
The actress was seen showing off her fashionable ensemble as she struck a variety of poses on the red carpet ahead of the screening. 
Zoe took on the role of Rita in the Spanish language film, alongside other stars such as Selena Gomez, Karla Sofia Gascon, Edgar Ramirez and Adriana Paz. 
The premise is: 'In Mexico, a lawyer receives an unexpected offer to help a feared cartel boss retire from his business and disappear forever by becoming the woman he's always dreamed of being,' per IMDB.   
The French musical crime comedy - which was directed by Jacques Audiard - is slated to drop on Netflix next month on November 13
Saldana stunned in a fitted, sheer dress that was made of a black lace material and fell down towards her ankles
The top portion of the ensemble was secured with off-white buttons while a black, leather belt wrapped around her waist for a stylish flare
Emilia Perez first premiered at the 77th Cannes Film Festival back in May, where it competed for the Palme d'Or. 
The project eventually won the Jury Prize during the festival, while the female ensemble won the Best Actress award. 
In August, the musical crime comedy was released in theaters in France - and is slated to become available on Netflix in the U.S. and U.K. starting on November 13. 
The movie was also selected as the French entry for Best International Feature Film for the upcoming 97th Academy Awards. 
Most recently, Gomez and Saldana, as well as the rest of the cast were honored with the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres at Villa Albertine  - the French Institute for Culture and Education - in NYC. 
Villa Albertine director, Mohamed Bouabdallah - and French Culture Diplomat to the United States - awarded the cast. 
Earlier this week on Thursday, Selena was spotted out in the Big Apple while proudly wearing the medal on her outfit. 
Gomez jumped to her main Instagram page to give a closer glimpse at the medal as well as the moment some of the stars were given the honor. 
In one image, Saldana could be seen holding a big smile on her face as she stood on a stage inside a spacious room. 
Selena has previously opened up about Emilia Perez and her role - and during an interview with The Hollywood Reporter last month in September, she talked about the bond she shares with her fellow castmates. 
'I'm so grateful to have women around me that lift me up in every way. And yes, I have a special connection with these women.' 
She added, 'I feel so grateful that I get to go on this journey with them. We're also happy for each other and we cheer each other on, and I love that. That can be rare.' 
Most recently, Gomez and Saldana, as well as the rest of the cast were honored with the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres at Villa Albertine - the French Institute for Culture and Education - in NYC; Zoe seen far left 
Gomez jumped to her main Instagram page to give a closer glimpse at the medal as well as the moment some of the stars were given the honor
Earlier this week on Monday, Saldana wowed in a plunging, red sequin dress at the Emilia Perez premiere during the 62nd New York Film Festival (seen above) 
Earlier this week on Monday, Saldana wowed in a plunging, red sequin dress at the Emilia Perez premiere during the 62nd New York Film Festival. 
She was joined by other co-stars including Gomez, Adriana Paz and Karla Sofia Gascon at the event. 
Selena was elegant in a figure-hugging, black halter-styled gown that clung to her frame and contained a large, black bow detail on the back. 
The group was later seen on stage during a Q+A discussion during the screening - which took place at the Lincoln Center.  

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group