By Evie Scott on March 16, 2024 at 12:00 PM EDT
Elizabeth Hurley proved just the ticket for her Instagram fans as she showed off another bikini look in January 2023. Kicking last year off to a swimwear-heavy start, the 58-year-old model and actress thrilled her fanbase with footage of herself splashing about ocean waters, making sure to flaunt her sensational swimsuit body. Dropping jaws as she continues to defy her age, Liz sizzled in a stringy bikini while enjoying a sun-drenched break in The Maldives. She even gave a nod to singer Selena Gomez as she used the "Wolves" singer's beats to accompany her video.

Scroll for the video. All smiles as she enjoyed a blissful bay with turquoise waters, Liz was largely filmed thigh-deep in the waters as she jokingly inched her way in. Rocking a vibrant blue two-piece with silver sparkle accents on the fabrics, the ex to Hugh Grant jazzed up her swimwear with some glitter effects, here further drawing the eye to her heaving cleavage and toned waistline.

Flaunting her long legs and curvy hips as she had fun in the sun and soaked up the ocean air, Liz let her brunette locks fall loose as she also donned shades, spinning around in glee at one point as the camera also took in a tiki hut in the backdrop. In a caption, the Netflix star wrote: "#maldives" with a red heart emoji. Fans have left over 200,000 likes, and the comments are out of control.
"What an absolute babe," one fan replied. "You make every morning good and make the sun rise," another gushed. Liz was also called "stunning" by more than one fan.

Slipping her curves into a wilder look for this photo, Liz posed in a plunging, animal-print bikini as she modeled a cheetah look from her Elizabeth Hurley Beach brand. Flaunting her abs and killer curves, the blue-eyed beauty told her followers: "Ay!! My favorite Cheetah Bikini is back in stock," then driving fans to shop on her website.
Despite largely modeling tiny bathing suits as she continues to promote her 2005-founded brand, Liz has actually revealed that a more covered-up look is her staple. "A huge staple in my wardrobe are cashmere jumpers. I get cold all of the time and I have them in every color, and every year I love to get another one – I hand wash them and look after each one carefully so that it lasts," she told fashion brand Karen Miller.
"When I’m home in the countryside I look pretty scruffy. However, I always brush my hair," the swimwear queen continued.

This shot came around Easter as Liz posed by leafy greenery while stunning in a skimpy white bikini with an elegant gold chain finish. "Happy Easter," she wrote in the April 2023 share.