Britney Spears got into a fight with her on-and-off boyfriend Paul Richard Soliz at the Chateau Marmont in Los Angeles, prompting an ambulance to arrive at the scene.
An LAPD fire department spokesperson confirmed to Page Six that the ambulance was called to the luxury hotel on Thursday around 12:42 a.m.
“We received a 911 call reporting an adult female, who had been injured,” the LAFD rep says. “The caller did not have much information regarding the nature of the injury. We sent one ambulance to the location.”
The ambulance remained at the scene until 1:17 a.m. but did not transport anyone to the hospital.
A source told the publication that Spears left the hotel with her security and is “home now and is safe.”
Photos obtained by the New York Post show the “Toxic” singer, 42, holding a white pillow and what appears to be a brown blanket outside the hotel. Soliz was spotted standing next to her in a blue flannel shirt and black jeans. 
She was also reportedly surrounded by her bodyguards.
The pop star and Asghari, 30, meanwhile, recently settled their divorce nine months after their split. 
The former couple were married for 14 months before Asghari filed for divorce in August 2023 amid claims Spears cheated.
Spears hired Hollywood powerhouse divorce lawyer Laura Wasser to represent her. A source told Entertainment Tonight that Spears maintained she “didn’t cheat” and was “hurt” amid the breakup at the time.
Spears and Asghari are waiting for a judge to sign off and finalize the split, according to documents obtained by People on May 2. 
“The divorce was amicable and the prenup was not challenged,” a source told the publication. “Britney is continuing to flex her freedom and is moving on.”
The insider also claimed that the rumor that Spears is in “financial distress” following her divorce is not true.
The Grammy Award winner met her former husband, who is a fitness trainer, model and actor, on the set of her “Slumber Party” music video in 2016. 
They got engaged in September 2021, two months before her 13-year conservatorship came to an end.
Their wedding took place on June 9, 2022, at their Thousand Oaks home, with star-studded attendees including Madonna, Paris Hilton, Selena Gomez, Drew Barrymore and Donatella Versace.
Just over a year later, Asghari filed for divorce from Spears and cited “irreconcilable differences” as the reason for the breakup. He confirmed the split on Instagram and said the exes “will hold onto the love and respect we have for each other.”
Spears addressed Asghari’s divorce filing for the first time on Instagram the next day, telling her fans she was “a little shocked” at the turn of events.
“I’m not here to explain why because it’s honestly nobody’s business !!!” she said in a statement. “But, I couldn’t take the pain anymore honestly !!! In some sort of telepathic way I have been receiving so many messages that melt my heart from friends and I thank you!!!”
Asghari was Spears’ third husband. 
She was previously married to Jason Alexander for 55 hours in January 2004, and then to Kevin Federline from October 2004 to July 2007. 
Spears has two sons, 18-year-old Sean Preston and 17-year-old Jayden James, from her second marriage. 
TMZ was first to report the news of Spears’ Chateau Marmont incident. The Post has reached out to Spears’ rep for comment.
Advertisement