"She was doing some little homage," Hawke explained of his presence in the music video.
Maureen Lee Lenker is a senior writer at Entertainment Weekly with over seven years of experience in the entertainment industry. An award-winning journalist, she's written for Turner Classic Movies, Ms. Magazine, The Hollywood Reporter, and more. She's worked at EW for six years covering film, TV, theater, music, and books. The author of EW's quarterly romance review column, "Hot Stuff," Maureen holds Master's degrees from both the University of Southern California and the University of Oxford. Her debut novel, It Happened One Fight, is now available. Follow her for all things related to classic Hollywood, musicals, the romance genre, and Bruce Springsteen.
 Taylor Swift might just have inspired some folks to stand atop desks and recite poetry with her "Fortnight" music video.

 The record-breaking artist pays tribute to 1989 film Dead Poets Society in her music video for the first single off new album, The Tortured Poets Department, "Fortnight." And it was Swift's idea to deliberately reference the film, according to Ethan Hawke who appears alongside other Dead Poets castmate Josh Charles in the video.

Taylor Swift/YouTube
 "I think there's some kind of psychic connection she was trying to provide for the fans about The Tortured Poets Department and the Dead Poets Society," Hawke mused on SiriusXM's The Jess Cagle Show With Julia Cunningham. "She was kind of doing some little homage, and so she asked a couple of us old dogs to come out and make our presence known."

 Hawke and Charles play researchers at a bizarre, Victorian Gothic–style clinic in the black-and-white video.

 Though Hawke has an impressive list of credits, including four Oscar nominated performances, he joked that he'll probably be best remembered for his cameo in Swift's video.  

 "As I was flying out there [to film it], I thought, 'You know, I've worked so hard in my life, and I have a feeling this will be in my obituary,'" he said. "I might get a few other mentions. 'You might know him as the doctor in the background of the 'Fortnight' video, however, he did do some other things with his life.'"

 Hawke previously told Stephen Colbert about the extreme secrecy he and Charles had to maintain once they were booked for the gig.

 "You can't imagine what it's like to walk through an airport with a friend you've known for 35 years, that you grew up with, and watch all the young people in the airport with their Eras sweatshirts on and their Taylor Swift things, and we've got something on them," Hawke quipped on The Late Show. "We're going to meet the queen ourselves!"

 He didn't even tell his teenage daughters because he signed an NDA, though he says they were annoyed when they found out that he was in the video instead of them.

 "I tell my teenage daughters that I'm going to meet Taylor, and everybody at school is going to know," he said. "When they did find out, the look on their face was one of profound disappointment. 'Don't pay attention to my dad, my dad's an idiot, you should be calling me.' Taylor belongs to them, you know? I can't have that on them. I had to low-key it."

 Swift is no stranger to celebrity cameos in her videos. Previous music videos have featured appearances by the likes of Ryan Reynolds, Selena Gomez, Zendaya, Mariska Hargitay, Miles Teller, and Laura Dern.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)