ByAnne Easton
ByAnne Easton,
 Contributor. 
Jeremy Allen White stars as Carmen “Carmy” Berzatto in "The Bear." 
As the third season is set to premiere soon, the first season of the Award-winning series The Bear is getting a broadcast run on FX.
The series, which until now has streamed exclusively on Hulu, will air a special marathon beginning on Sunday, June 2nd.
Two episodes will air beginning at 10pm ET for four nights with the penultimate and season one finale wrapping up the event on Wednesday, June 5th.
The Bear follows young chef Carmen “Carmy” Berzatto who takes over his brother’s sandwich shop after his death. Assisting him in the transformation are his cousin Richie and Syndey, a new-to-the-business sous Chef.
In the second season, Carmy and the team attempt to renovate the space and convert the low-key restaurant into a fine dining establishment.
Created by Christopher Storer, the series stars Jeremy Allen White as Carmy, with Ayo Edebiri as Sydney and Ebon Moss-Bachrach as Richie. The first season of The Bear debuted in June 2022 with the second following in 2023.
Right out of the gate, The Bear was a critical success, with the first season taking home ten Emmy awards, including Outstanding Comedy Series, as well as Lead Actor for White and Outstanding Supporting Actress for Edebiri. The series also earned top honors for writing and directing.
This isn’t the first time that a series normally shown exclusively on Hulu has aired on a linear channel.
In January, ABC broadcast the first season of Only Murders in the Building over four consecutive Tuesday nights. The series, which debuted in 2021, had recently aired season four between August and October of 2023.
Only Murders, which features Steve Martin, Martin Short and Selena Gomez as amateur sleuths who detail their adventures via a podcast, had to be edited to meet broadcast standards, which defer from those allowed on streaming services. Those edits were mostly likely for language that is not sanctioned for network airing.
To make the streaming version fit into an allotted broadcast timeframe, ABC paired down both recaps of episodes and credit rolls.
Paramount also found ratings success when it brought its hit Yellowstone to the CBS network, airing the first season of the Kevin Costner western in the fall on Sunday nights following football.
While the primary reason behind running Only Murders and Yellowstone on network television was to fill programming holes caused by the lengthy WGA and SAG-AFTRA strikes, there are thoughts that the practice could help bring more viewers to these shows and thus result in an increase in subscription numbers for the streamers that carry them.
Is The Bear, and more importantly Hulu, hoping for just this type of boost? Seems likely. However, the series already has the benefit of being critically acclaim so those in the know are most likely already in the door. But, for those who are, for whatever reason, not already engaged with the series, having the series available to them on a linear channel rather on a pay service might just do the trick.
Whatever the case, it’s the perfect chance for die-hard fans of The Bear to watch it again — or for first-time viewers to catch up.
Season one of ‘The Bear’ will be airing on four consecutive nights, Sunday, June 2nd through Wednesday, June 5th at 10 pm ET on FX. 
Season three of ‘The Bear’ premieres Thursday, June 27th on Hulu.