Expert-picked Mother's Day gifts for every type of mom, from $15
Sections
Shows
More
Follow today
More Brands
The 2024 Emmy nominations were announced July 17 and, as predicted, plenty of Emmy favorites made the list. Actors Jean Smart ("Hacks") and Christine Baranski ("The Gilded Age") got nominated, as did the critically acclaimed series "Fargo," "The Bear" and newcomer "Baby Reindeer."
Naturally, though, conversation started about the surprises and snubs from this year's batch of Emmys nominations. 
The good news? Selena Gomez finally earned a first Emmy nod for Hulu’s “Only Murders in the Building," getting her up to speed with her co-stars Steve Martin and Martin Short, who were both nominated again this year.
This year also marks the first time "The Morning Show" co-stars Jennifer Aniston and Reese Witherspoon earned nominations for the same season.
Among the omissions this year? No love for big screen stars Kate Winslet (“The Regime”), Emma Stone ("The Curse") and Nicole Kidman (“Expats”), who will have cuddle up to their Oscars to soothe the sting of being shut out of the nominations.
Here's a fuller list the 2024 Emmy nominations surprises and subs.
Aniston and Witherspoon have previously been nominated for playing rival news anchors on "The Morning Show," but 2024 marks the first time the two co-stars are nominated in the same season. The pair will face off in the outstanding lead actress in a drama series category.
Gomez finally earned a nomination for outstanding lead actress in a comedy series for playing the wry, level-headed millennial Mabel, who acts as a kind of comedy straight-man alongside her wackier co-stars Steve Martin and Martin Short, who were both nominated again this year.
Unlike others in the outstanding lead actor in a drama series category — all of whom were predicted to wind up nominees this year — Elba swooped in and earned a surprise Emmy nod for his role as a negotiator on Apple TV+'s "Hijack." 
Though FX's faux campy vampire docuseries "What We Do In the Shadows," was previously recognized with a nomination for best series, Berry this year became the show's first actor to receive a nod in any category. Berry was nominated in the outstanding lead actor in a comedy series department.
Former "Top Chef" winner Kish earned a nomination for outstanding host for a reality or reality competition program for her first season as host of the show. Kish was named the show's new host after longtime host Padma Lakshmi announced her exit in 2023.
Overlooked by the Academy for too long, the beloved FX comedy "Reservation Dogs" got some recognition for its final season: a nomination for outstanding lead actor in a comedy, for D’Pharaoh Woon-A-Tai, and another nomination for outstanding comedy series.
Oscar winner Winslet failed to earn a nomination for her portrayal of a megalomaniacal, mold-fearing chancellor of an unnamed Central European in HBO’s political satire “The Regime.”
Stone, who earlier this year won her second Oscar for "Poor Things," was overlooked for her role as a HGTV home-renovation star whose life gets upended by supernatural forces on Showtime’s kooky black comedy “The Curse."
Kidman, yet another Academy Award winner, came up empty handed for her critically acclaimed performance as an American expatriate living in Hong Kong on Amazon Prime Video’s "Expats."
TV veteran Grammer, who racked up four Emmys playing Dr. Frasier Crane during the original run of "Frasier," failed to earn a nomination for his performance in the show's Paramount reboot.
Gina Vivinetto is a trending news reporter for TODAY.com
© 2025 NBCUniversal Media, LLCApple®, Apple logo® and App Store® are registered trademarks of Apple Inc.