Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
The eco-conscious fashion label frequently seen on Taylor Swift and Olivia Wilde has teamed with the athletic footwear brand on a chic new shoe collection.

							By 

	Danielle Directo-Meston

E-Commerce Writer

	If you purchase an independently reviewed product or service through a link on our website, The Hollywood Reporter may receive an affiliate commission.

	Two Hollywood street style staples have joined fashionable forces for the ultimate “It” girl shoe collab.

	The Reformation x Hoka collection has officially launched today — and the three-pair range features the best-selling Mach 6 LS sneaker ($160) reimagined in recycled materials and three new colorways. Available in ivory and gray alongside an all-over monogrammed merlot red, the everyday walking and running trainers feature an organic cotton mesh canvas upper and heel overlay and recycled polyester lining, reinforcements and laces. 

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	Lifestyle
			



	
		
					Celebrity Stylists Love T3's Hair Tools -- But This Is Really Why the New Aire IQ Smart Hair Dryer Is Worth Buying		
			














	
	Lifestyle
			



	
		
					Battle of the Summer Beauty Sales: 10 Hollywood-Coveted Products to Buy at Walmart Over Amazon		
			








Related: The Best Hoka Sneakers for Walking, Running and Lounging

	They’re finished with an LWG-certified suede mudguard and Hoka’s signature cushioned midsole, rubber outsole and bird logo. All shoes include two extra pairs of recycled shoelaces, and the kicks can be recycled in the U.S. and Canada via Reformation’s RefRecycles program. Win-win, indeed. 

	Per Hoka, the Mach 6 is its “lightest, most responsive” and breathable everyday sneaker that “delivers a snappy ride that’ll take you from street to studio in seconds.​ This lively trainer has been fine-tuned for extra energy return with a super critical foam midsole and updated for enhanced durability with strategic rubber coverage in the outsole.”

	To showcase the new kicks, the brands tapped Prancercise founder Joanna Rohrback — who went viral in 2013 for her playful twist on exercise — to star in the campaign.

	Olivia Wilde, Reese Witherspoon, Camila Cabello, Kylie Jenner, Kate Hudson, Gwyneth Paltrow, Harry Styles and Blake Lively are just a handful of stars who’ve stepped out in Hoka’s high-performance footwear. (Rihanna’s makeup artist, Priscilla Ono, also swears by Hokas for long days on set.) As for Ref, celebrity #Refbabes include Taylor Swift, Jessica Alba, Selena Gomez, Jennifer Aniston, Lupita Nyong’o, Paris Hilton and Gabrielle Union, and the Los Angeles-based fashion label recently tapped Kasey Musgraves to design a country-chic collection.

	See every pair from the Hoka x Reformation collab below, and shop the full collection online at thereformation.com and hoka.com.
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.