Posted in: Conventions, D23, Events, Hulu, Pop Culture, Preview, streaming, TV | Tagged: d23, hulu, OMITB, Only Murders in the Building, preview, season 4
Check out Disney's D23 display for Hulu's Steve Martin, Martin Short, and Selena Gomez-starring hit series Only Murders in the Building.
With less than three weeks to go before Hulu's Steve Martin, Martin Short, and Selena Gomez-starring hit series Only Murders in the Building hits our screens for its fourth season, the hit streaming series is making its presence known this weekend during Disney's big D23 fan expo. Attendees were given a chance to check out recreations of some of the show's familiar surroundings – and an opportunity to take part in "The Great Pin Pursuit." Since a whole lot of us couldn't make it to the event, Bleeding Cool wanted to pass along an image gallery showing what awaited attendees at the OMITB floor display.
Our amateur podcasting crew finds itself wrestling with the shocking events at the end of the third season surrounding the murder of Charles' (Martin) stunt double & friend, Sazz Pataki (Jane Lynch), when the Hulu series returns later this month. Questioning whether she or Charles was the intended victim, their investigation leads them all the way to Los Angeles – where a Hollywood studio is readying a film about the 'Only Murders' podcast. As Charles, Oliver & Mabel race back to New York, they embark on an even more epic journey — traversing their building's courtyard to delve into the twisted lives of the Arconia's West Tower residents. Now, here's a look at how D23 is looking for Only Murders in the Building:
Earlier this year, we were introduced via social media to Martin, Short, and Gomez's respective big-screen counterparts earlier this summer – Eugene Levy (Schitt's Creek) as "Charles," Zach Galifianakis ("The Hangover" films, Between Two Ferns) as "Oliver," and Eva Longoria (Deadly Housewives, Flamin' Hot) as "Mabel." In addition, this season sees Molly Shannon, Kumail Nanjiani, Melissa McCarthy, Desmin Borges, Siena Werber, Lilian Rebelo, Richard Kind, Daphne Rubin-Vega, Catherine Cohen, and Jin Ha joining the cast – with Meryl Streep returning as Loretta Durkin.
A post shared by Only Murders in the Building (@onlymurdershulu)
ABC/Hulu head Craig Erwich made two things clear during the TCA 2024 Winter Press Event from earlier this year. First, ABC would be open to airing more seasons of the streaming series – with the first season of "Only Murders" airing on the network to reinforce a WGA & SAG-AFTRA-impacted fall primetime schedule. Second, Erwich likes what he's seen so far script-wise for the upcoming fourth season.
"We're certainly open to doing it with 'Only Murders' again and or other shows. When we look at both ABC and Hulu, it's one big chessboard, so you're able to see where certain audiences watch certain shows; some migrate from one platform to another. 'Only Murders' was really a perfect show to put on ABC, not only did we know that not a lot of people had watched it yet, as popular as it is, which is hard to believe, but 'Only Murders' has that broad, comedic, aspirational tone and quality that I think aligns very well with the ABC brand," Erwich shared.
One big thing the Hulu series has going for it is how well it pairs with the network's popular shows. "You can imagine watching 'Abbott Elementary' and 'Only Murders In The Building' in the same session. That's why we think the experiment was very successful; we were really happy," he added. And what about Season 4 – which was given a green light back in October 2023? While Erwich couldn't offer a release window, he did confirm that he's read a number of the scripts. "I don't have any news on the release date," he explained – before adding, "I've read the first four or five scripts, and they're incredible."
Only Murders in the Building is returning for Season 4! The trio's journey is far from over. #OMITB pic.twitter.com/Xv2BxdCWfR
— Hulu (@hulu) October 3, 2023
Hailing from writers and series co-creators Martin and Hoffman, the series is produced by 20th Television (a part of Disney Television Studios) – and executive-produced by Martin, Hoffman, Short, Gomez, Dan Fogelman, and Jess Rosenthal.
Enjoyed this? Please share on social media!