By Author Tyler Johnson


Published: Aug 21, 2024 at 11:27 AM • Category David Beckham 

Reading Time:  5 minutes 
Meghan Markle enjoys the loyal support of a massive global fan base — but the Duchess of Sussex has quite a few enemies, as well.
The Duchess has notably been feuding with the royal family for years. Because of this, some high-profile mutual acquaintances have felt the need to take sides.
The folks with fancy titles have mostly sided with the Windsors, of course, but it was widely assumed that non-royal celebs — especially the ones who spend a lot of time in the US — would join Team Sussex.
Enter Victoria Beckham to the chat. 
Once upon a time, the Duchess and Posh Spice had a delightful friendship. 
More than once, Meghan was spotted wearing Victoria’s designs to high-profile events. 
In fact, these two were so close, Posh was reportedly in talks to design Meghan’s wedding dress. While you may think the Duchess going in a different direction might’ve caused a rift, such was not the case. 
Far from it, as both Victoria and David Beckham happily attended the royal couple’s wedding with a smile – which, as we know is a big deal for Posh! (Kidding!)
Prince Harry was reportedly overjoyed that Posh and Meg got along so well, as he’s long enjoyed his own friendship with David Beckham.
However, years later, the alliance between these two power couples went kaput.
Insiders say the trouble began at the start of 2023, when Meghan suspected the Beckhams of leaking private information to the press.
David was reported “absolutely bloody furious” over the the accusations. According to the DailyMail, what followed was a “tense phone call” between David and the Duke. 
At the time, the source insisted that “any making up now is so unlikely.”
By the end of 2023, it looked as though the Sussexes and the Beckhams had officially decided to go their separate ways.
But then, a surprising development took place.
Harry joined David at BMO Stadium in LA on September 3, 2023 to take in a soccer match between Los Angeles FC and Inter Miami, the team that Beckham owns.
The A-listers were not joined by their wives, and neither we seen sitting together in David’s box. 
Still, Prince Harry was IN the box, while other celebrities at the game, such as Selena Gomez, were relegated to watching from the field. 
Was this an olive branch from David to Harry? Furthermore, is there even a point of reconciling if their wives can’t do the same?
The most common theory, of course, is that Meghan and Victoria both steered clear of the event for fear of being forced to make awkward small talk with one another.
Then again, one insider pushed things even further. They allege that Posh and the Duchess have launched a full-scale social war against one another in recent months, with both parties making it clear to their famous friends that they’ll be expected to choose sides.
“Meghan has been uncharacteristically quiet in the public domain,” the source recently told the Daily Mail.
“But she has powerful new friends, so don’t expect the silence to last long,” the insider added.
“Any making-up now is so unlikely.”
But then again, not impossible. 
In 2022, a source told The Sun that “when Meghan moved to London, Victoria shared a whole bunch of beauty tips, but not long after, some of these emerged in print and Meghan was furious.”
Once again, the husbands stepped in to mend fences.
“Harry is very protective of Meghan and decided to deal with the matter head-on by directly contacting his good pal David,” The Sun’s source alleged at the time. “Afterward, they got things back on track, but it took a few months.”
So, things were fixable, just not for long. 
Of course, there are those who believe that Meghan’s absence had more to do with her feelings about Harry than her animosity toward Victoria.
Harry and Meghan had been appearing separately more often than ever at the start of 2024, and there are conflicting theories as to why that might be.
Some say Meghan has decided to distance herself from Harry for professional reasons, as she hopes to establish herself as more than just the wife of a beloved royal.
But others think Harry and Meghan have hit a rough patch in their marriage, and their future as a couple has become uncertain.
However, by the summer of 2024, if there was any problems in their marriage, the pair were able to hide it well. The pair were spotted kissing and dancing the night away on a trip to Colombia. Meanwhile, she was dutifully by his side at all of his major charity events, like the Invictus Games. 
Given Harry’s strained relationship with his family, it’s better he focus on keeping his marriage intact!
But back to Meghan and Victoria…
Remember that trip to Colombia?
Well, during their trip, the former royals met with local communities and Colombian vice president Francis Marquez. During the visit, Meghan made a statement with her outfit of choice, wearing a silk £597 chocolate brown shirt by none other than Victoria herself!
The shirt came from VB’s 2020 collection and given that Meghan rarely re-wears items, this could be a telling gesture.
Sounds like it could be, according to brand and culture expert Nick Ede who told The Sun: 
“For Meghan to wear VB when all the world is watching her on her tour of Columbia is a smart move.”
“Both are two of the most famous women on the planet with uber famous husbands and with Meghan showing support by wearing VB it will be a positive sign and good PR for Meghan and her brand,” he added. 
It’s definitely a move in the right direction – but then again, we hear Vicky is cozied up to Kate Middleton these days – so this olive branch might be in vain!
Demi Moore & Joe Jonas DATING?! His ‘Over The Top’ Feelings, Revealed
Ice-T’s Divorce & Marriage History With Coco Austin, Explained