\201cAnd she’s talking to you while she’s doing it!\201d

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Turns out, Taylor Swift is a woman of many talents...just ask actor Channing Tatum.
In a recent interview on SiriusXM, later posted on X, formerly known as Twitter, the Magic Mike star praised Swift for her ability to whip up a meal that could rival that of a Michelin star chef.
While praising the mega pop star for her ability to "just turn around and give you an anthem," noting that Swift products hit after hit "in her sleep," Tatum said what's equally impressive is her skills in the kitchen.
"What's beautiful, and also frustrating, is that she can also just cook like a random, 3-star Michelin, Italian meal," the actor said at the time. “She’ll be like, “What do we want to eat tonight? Give me a genre.’ And then all of a sudden we’ll be like, “Italian.” And then she’ll just whip out a risotto.”
"Not fair," the SiriusXM co-host said. I mean, spot the lie.
To make things even more impressive, Tatum said that Swift can create delicious meals while playing doting hostess.
“And she’s talking to you while she’s doing it,” Tatum explained, before revealing one of Swift's favorite homemade desserts.
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.
“And then warm Pop-Tarts at the end of the night," he continued. "Homemade.”
That Swift is an accomplished amateur chef is not entirely new information—in a video posted to promote her new The Tortured Poets Department album and the hit single "Fortnight," Swift and boyfriend Travis Kelce could be seen cooking together, prompting the Kansas City Chiefs tight end to touch on his girlfriend's cooking prowess.
"I thoroughly enjoy cooking with her, so it’s something I would rather just keep personal," the NFL star said at a previous press conference. “Taylor makes a great pop tart and cinnamon roll."
Swift also famously appeared on her BFF's Selena Gomez's cooking show, Selena + Chef, praising her bestie for catching the cooking bug.
After calling in on an episode in which Gomez cooks with famous chef Roy Choy, Swift demands she is sent the recipe for Korean BBQ Texas Breakfast Taco.
"If you don't send me the recipe, we're going to have words," Swift told Gomez. "I want to be served that."
Swift went on to say that she's "very jealous" of Gomez's set up.
"The fact that you guys are cooking together, it's pretty great," she continued. "I'm really envious."
"It's her love language," Gomez added, referring to Swift's love of cooking, going on to say that Swift is "her big cooking person."
Danielle Campoamor is Marie Claire's weekend editor covering all things news, celebrity, politics, culture, live events, and more. In addition, she is an award-winning freelance writer and former NBC journalist with over a decade of digital media experience covering mental health, reproductive justice, abortion access, maternal mortality, gun violence, climate change, politics, celebrity news, culture, online trends, wellness, gender-based violence and other feminist issues. You can find her work in The New York Times, Washington Post, TIME, New York Magazine, CNN, MSNBC, NBC, TODAY, Vogue, Vanity Fair, Harper's Bazaar, Marie Claire, InStyle, Playboy, Teen Vogue, Glamour, The Daily Beast, Mother Jones, Prism, Newsweek, Slate, HuffPost and more. She currently lives in Brooklyn, New York with her husband and their two feral sons. When she is not writing, editing or doom scrolling she enjoys reading, cooking, debating current events and politics, traveling to Seattle to see her dear friends and losing Pokémon battles against her ruthless offspring. You can find her on X, Instagram, Threads, Facebook and all the places.

It's time for an upgrade.


The 21-year-old Princess of Orange, Catharina-Amalia, has overcome a scary period in her young life.


She's currently on a break from her beloved sneaker collection.


The "Blank Space" singer was nowhere to be seen.


Mr. Perfectly Fine has responded to "Mr. Perfectly Fine".


She's supposedly the "megacelebrity friend" in Baldoni's lawsuit.


Abrams opened for Swift during the Eras Tour.


Sorry, Olympia. You'll have to get that autograph next time.


...and then removed it.


It was hidden in *checks notes* an interview with a Swedish DJ.


Their relationship has shifted over time.


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.