By Jill Goldsmith 
Co-Business Editor

	Meghan, The Duchess of Sussex, otherwise known as Meghan Markle, will headline a keynote panel alongside Katie Couric and Brooke Shields at South By Southwest’s 38th edition kicking off later this week.

	Sociologist and DEI author Nancy Wang Yuen also joins Breaking Barriers, Shaping Narratives: How Women Lead On and Off the Screen at 1 pm CT on March 8 in honor of International Women’s Day.

SXSW unspools March 8-16 in Austin, Texas.

	Markle is co-founder of The Archewell Foundation and Archewell Productions with her husband Prince Harry. She recently signed a deal with Lemonada Media to launch a new podcast and distribute Archetypes, her podcast that explores labels that attempt to hold women back.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	













	News
	



	
		
					Prince Harry Seeks Reconciliation With King Charles, Saying He Doesn't Know How Long His Father Has Left To Live		
			















	Acquisitions
	



	
		
					Shudder Acquires Supernatural Thriller 'Good Boy' From Director Ben Leonberg After SXSW Premiere		
			







	Couric is the Emmy Award-winning journalist and bestselling author; Shields a two-time Golden Globe Award-nominated actress, model, entrepreneur, and author. Yuen is a sociologist, pop culture expert, and Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Consultant at Peoplism. SXSW says the panel will address women’s representation in media and entertainment, “which has come a long way, but there’s still much to be done, especially for women of color and mothers,” and the impact of social media on the mental health of teenage girls in particular.




			Watch on Deadline		






	”Meghan, The Duchess of Sussex, Katie Couric, Brooke Shields, Nancy Wang Yuen, and [moderator] Errin Haines are the perfect finishing touch to eight days of remarkable Keynote Speakers,” said Hugh Forrest, SXSW co-president and chief programming officer. “We are so honored to host this distinguished group on International Women’s Day for a significant discussion on the importance of representation in media and entertainment.”

	Previously announced featured speakers and panelists this year include Selena Gomez, Kirsten Dunst, Sydney Sweeney, Conan O’Brien, Daniel Kwan and Daniel Scheinert, Colman Domingo, Ilana Glazer, Pamela Adlon and Lilly Singh, as well as Executive Vice President of the European Commission and Commissioner for Competition Margrethe Vestager and Dell Technologies CEO Michael Dell.
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.