Billal Rahman is an immigration reporter based in London, U.K. He specializes in immigration policy and border security. He has uncovered allegations of misconduct among border agents under investigation and exposed claims of abuse at ICE-run detention centers in the U.S. He joined Newsweek in 2024 from The Independent. He has covered the British Post Office scandal and the conflict between Israel and Hamas. Originally from Glasgow, he studied Journalism in Edinburgh and then worked for STV News before moving to London in 2022. You can contact Billal at b.rahman@newsweek.com.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
Radiohead frontman Thom Yorke stormed offstage after Pro-Palestine protesters interrupted his solo performance in Melbourne, joining a list of musicians who have left the stage during performance.
Video circulating on social media from the concert at the Sidney Myer Music Bowl shows an audience member shouting "the Israeli genocide of Gaza" and then saying "half of them were children" about the death toll.
Yorke replied, "Come up here and say that. Right here, come on. Hop up on the f****** stage and say what you wanna say. Don't stand there like a coward, come here and say it. You want to piss on everybody's night?"
The protester then appeared to say: "How many dead children will it take for you to condemn the genocide in Gaza?"
According to the Hamas-run health ministry, 43,204 people have been killed since October 7, 2023.
Yorke said, "OK, you do it, see you later then" and walked offstage.
He returned to perform Radiohead's 1997 hit "Karma Police".
Eric Clapton
Eric Clapton left the stage while playing "Cocaine" at a show at the Hydro in Glasgow in 2014.
He stormed off due to technical problems and returned briefly to perform another song, before walking off again.
A "Team Clapton" statement on his website said at the time: "Unfortunately, last night we experienced a steadily worsening technical problem with the PA system that the band battled with throughout the show, but by the last song of the set it became unbearable on stage and Eric was unable to complete that number."
Justin Bieber
The pop star walked offstage at a gig in Manchester in 2016 after repeatedly asking concertgoers to stop screaming between his songs.
"But the screaming in these breaks has got to stop. Please and thank you.
"I don't think it's necessary when I'm trying to say something and you guys are screaming."
The global star returned to finish his set and explained his reasoning for leaving the stage to the audience.
"I feel like I wanna connect with you," he said.
"The point of the no-screaming thing is that when I'm looking at you in the eyes, you know that we're actually having a moment and having a connection."
Mariah Carey
Mariah Carey's New Year's Eve performance at Times Square in 2016 was plagued by multiple technical glitches, which led to her storming offstage.
"We're missing some of these vocals, but it is what it is," she said, trying to maintain her composure. "Let the audience sing."
As she was performing "We Belong Together," she was forced to stop due to another glitch.
"It is what it is. It just don't get any better," Carey said as she walked offstage.
Selena Gomez
During a performance at the Staples Center in Los Angeles in 2013, Selena Gomez stormed off after suffering from tech issues.
"Are you guys having a good night? I promise a lot cooler people are gonna come out tonight. Is it okay if I perform two more songs and you guys can get to it?"
Gomez did not complete her set and was followed by Ariana Grande.
Newsweek is committed to journalism that's factual and fair.
Hold us accountable and submit your rating of this article on the meter. 
Newsweek is committed to journalism that's factual and fair.
Hold us accountable and submit your rating of this article on the meter. 
Billal Rahman is an immigration reporter based in London, U.K. He specializes in immigration policy and border security. He has uncovered allegations of misconduct among border agents under investigation and exposed claims of abuse at ICE-run detention centers in the U.S. He joined Newsweek in 2024 from The Independent. He has covered the British Post Office scandal and the conflict between Israel and Hamas. Originally from Glasgow, he studied Journalism in Edinburgh and then worked for STV News before moving to London in 2022. You can contact Billal at b.rahman@newsweek.com.
Billal Rahman is an immigration reporter based in London, U.K. He specializes in immigration policy and border security. He has uncovered allegations of misconduct among border agents under investigation and exposed claims of abuse at ICE-run detention centers in the U.S. He joined Newsweek in 2024 from The Independent. He has covered the British Post Office scandal and the conflict between Israel and Hamas. Originally from Glasgow, he studied Journalism in Edinburgh and then worked for STV News before moving to London in 2022. You can contact Billal at b.rahman@newsweek.com.
Billal Rahman is an immigration reporter based in London, U.K. He specializes in immigration policy and border security. He has                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC