Now 
77
 Sun 
75
 Mon 
77
First Alert Weather Team will be on STORM ALERT  with the risk for scattered storms across the region. Some of the storms may be severe.
by Lindsey Mastis
TOPICS:
WASHINGTON, D.C. (7News) — Scammers are turning to voice cloning to mimic celebrities' voices to steal money from fans and Artificial Intelligence is making it harder for people to spot these scams.
Recently, social media ads featuring a cloned Taylor Swift voice have been making the rounds.
“Hey ya’ll, it’s Taylor Swift here. Due to a packaging error, we can’t sell 3,000 Le Creuset cookware sets. So I’m giving them away to my loyal fans for free,” the ad says in what sounds like Swift’s voice.
Scammers want people to think Swift is participating in a free giveaway. However, according to Guardio Security, which posted the video and a warning, the scammers take people to a fake website and ask for a delivery fee in an effort to steal information.
SEE ALSO |Fairfax County sees increase in crypto-based scams; how you can avoid them
7News On Your Side’s Lindsey Mastis also reached out to Le Creuset and they sent this response:
“Le Creuset is not involved with Taylor Swift for any consumer giveaway. All approved Le Creuset giveaways or promotions come from the official Le Creuset social accounts. Consumers should always check Le Creuset’s official social accounts and website before clicking on any suspicious ads."
ID R&D took the audio and ran it through their software which confirmed the voice was fake.
Alexey Khitrov, Founder of ID R&D, said it’s important to use critical thinking skills when seeing giveaways and other offers online.
“We really need to have a common sense filter applied to the information that we consume because right now, the voices that have been generated by AI are so good that humans are not as good in distinguishing between cloned voice and real voice,” he said.
SEE ALSO | Man arrested near Taylor Swift's NYC townhouse after reported break-in attempt
Khitrov also said it’s a good idea to check with official sources. Le Creuset, Taylor Swift, and Selena Gomez have verified social media accounts. If they’re not posting about a giveaway that you see elsewhere, it’s a red flag.
In some cases, scammers are buying ads on social media sites to target victims.
Scams like this are likely to continue. And in the future, it could include a video that was manipulated with Artificial Intelligence to make it look like they’re saying it on camera.