Hangry bear gobbles up ducklings at the zoo in front of horrified children: ‘That was not nice’ – LINK
SLPS paying parents to transport kids to school – LINK
Young Woman Who Called Boyfriend Up to 100 Times a Day Diagnosed with “Love Brain” – LINK
Turkish dental surgeon screwed tooth implant into father’s BRAIN cavity in horrific blunder – then dumped him at a hospital and fled – LINK
Each State’s Favorite Boozy Drink to Order on a Plane – LINK
Claussen pickle-flavored sparkling wine cocktail enters the summer beverage fray – LINK
Apple juice lot recalled due to high arsenic levels; product sold at Publix, Kroger, more – LINK
Scammers stole more than $3.4 billion from older Americans last year, an FBI report says – LINK
Seriously? Sour Patch Kids Oreos? – LINK
A man repeatedly punched by Mike Tyson in a viral video taken on a JetBlue flight is suing the former heavyweight champ — 2 years after the incident – LINK
Huntingtown Man Fires Shots At Cyclists On Charity Ride – LINK
MUSIC
It seems that the rumor about Linkin Park touring with a female singer in place of the late Chester Bennington might have some truth to it. Billboard reports that the band’s booking agent, WME, is taking offers for a 2025 tour and festival dates for a lineup with a female singer plus original members Mike Shinoda, guitarist Brad Delson and bassist Dave Farrell. Billboard doesn’t mention the band’s two other remaining members, drummer Rob Bourdon and keyboardist Joe Hahn – LINK
I Prevail vocalist Brian Burkheiser is sitting out two radio festivals and the band’s spring European tour. The band issued a statement saying, “Brian recently underwent surgery for a longstanding medical issue in February. The doctors involved were confident this timeframe but unfortunately the recovery process has taken longer than initially expected. Brian’s recovery is going well, but he’s not ready to take the stage quite yet” – LINK
“In Touch” magazine says that Justin Bieber and his wife Hailey are only spending a few nights a week together. A source says Hailey wanted some space, so Justin got his own place in Beverly Hills, and allegedly, they’ve been having issues over, quote, “his exes, starting a family, and his endless adolescent tantrums.” The source says, quote, “He’s lost without her.  But he’s trying to be tough about it because this is something Hailey wants . . . [He’s] hoping this is just a phase and they can go back to the way things were by summer’s end” – LINK
REST IN PEACE:
Pioneering guitarist Duane Edy has passed at 86 – he was the “King of Twang” and known for his iconic instrumentals, like “Rebel Rouser” and the theme from TV’s ‘Peter Gunn’ – LINK
MOVIES
Sex scenes in major movies have declined 40% since 2000, according to a new study. On the other hand, the number of movies without ANY sex scenes has gone up from an average of 20% per year to 50% – LINK
At the premiere of Jerry Seinfeld’s new Pop-Tart movie, Jerry reunited with “Seinfeld” cast members Michael Richards – which was his first red carpet appearance in almost a decade, and Jason Alexander – LINK
Airbnb is offering fans a chance to stay in homes from different movies, along with unique events with celebrities.  They’re calling it “Icon” experiences, and they’ll continue to roll out throughout the year – LINK
Here are some highlights:
MISC
Tyra Banks tried alcohol for the first time when she turned 50.  She says it was nasty and wasn’t worth it. At 50, Banks has let go of certain expectations and is embracing her age with open arms. “I’m a momma and an entrepreneur,” she says of her Smize & Dream ice cream venture. “I do Zoom meetings with no makeup and throw my wig on… 50 feels good” – LINK
TV
Dan Schneider is suing Investigation Discovery for defamation over their docuseries “Quiet on Set: The Dark Side of Kids TV”. He says the show destroyed his “legacy and reputation” by falsely implying that he sexually abused children who worked for him and Nickelodeon.  He added that while two child abusers did work on Nickelodeon shows, he had no knowledge of the abuse. Schneider is seeking unspecified damages, and a court order to either have defamatory segments of the series removed, or have it completely taken off streaming – LINK
AND FINALLY
Shaq spends $1,000 on pedicures because he knows his feet are “ugly” and “stinky” and he likes to paint them with sparkles and designs to try to make them look pretty – LINK
TV TONIGHT
Thursday, May 2nd
TOP TALK SHOW GUESTS:
DON’T MISS TV:
WHAT TO STREAM:
Scrublands (AMC+, Sundance Now – series premiere)
Need help accessing the FCC Public File due to a disability? Please contact Melissa Johnson at publicfilestlouis@hubbardradio.com
This web site is not intended for users located within the European Economic Area.

YouTube Terms of Service |
        Google Privacy Policy |
        Google Terms of Service 

© 2025 Hubbard Radio St. Louis, LLC