Michelle is a Newsweek editor based in the New York metro area. Her focus is reporting on celebrity and entertainment news. She has in-depth knowledge of pop music and fandom. Michelle joined Newsweek in 2024 after editorial positions at Us Weekly, iHeartRadio and more. She is a cum laude graduate of Drew University. You can get in touch with Michelle by emailing mmcgahan@newsweek.com. You can find her on X @MichelleMcGahan. Languages: English.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
Taylor Swift's mom, Andrea Swift, was not featured on the cover of Glamour's issue about celebrity moms — and fans immediately took notice.
On Thursday, October 3, Glamour unveiled their newest issue, the cover story entitled Women of the Year: The Moms. The magazine cover itself featured a photo shoot with Donna Kelce (Travis and Jason Kelce's mom), Tina Knowles (Beyoncé's mom), Mandy Teefey (Selena Gomez's mom) and Maggie Baird (Billie Eilish's mom). Where then, fans wondered, was Andrea Swift — the mom of arguably the biggest star this past year?
"Where tf is andrea swift," one person asked via X (formerly known as Twitter).
"No andrea swift? damn," another echoed.
Other fans shared their own (hilariously unverified) theories behind Andrea's absence.
"I just know Andrea Swift printed the invitation email and put it through a shredder," one Swiftie quipped.
"andrea swift left the group chat 😭," a second joked.
Some others, however, took to X to use Andrea's absence as an opportunity to unfavorably compare all of the other moms — including Donna — to Taylor's mother.
"andrea swift more relevant and successful !! idc what that f**king magazine cover says," one user tweeted.
Another Swiftie was so taken aback at the reaction to Donna's presence on the cover "over" Andrea's —"TAYLOR MADE YOU. @dkelce1," one person wrote, referencing how the Kelce family's fame skyrocketed after Travis started dating Taylor last summer — that they tweeted, "What is up with all the donna slander, omg. are y'all ok???"
"it's very weird!" one user responded in agreement. "andrea swift doesn't need you to defend her! get a hobby!"
Meet the Moms! Maggie Baird, Donna Kelce, Tina Knowles, and Mandy Teefey are Glamour's Women (and mothers!) of the Year. ✨Between them they've raised #BillieEilish and #Finneas O'Connell, #Travis and #JasonKelce, #Beyoncé and #Solange Knowles, and #SelenaGomez—some of the... pic.twitter.com/RKBNjClj1W
Taylor and Travis' moms have formed their own bond after their famous kids began dating in summer 2023.
Just two weeks ago, Donna and Andrea gave each other a huge hug while cheering on Travis' Kansas City Chiefs during the team's September 15 game against the Cincinnati Bengals (which the Chiefs won 26-25).
Taylor, for her part, has frequently been photographed sitting next to Donna at Chiefs games, with photos and videos featuring the duo rooting for Travis and talking and laughing together.
Michelle is a Newsweek editor based in the New York metro area. Her focus is reporting on celebrity and entertainment news. She has in-depth knowledge of pop music and fandom. Michelle joined Newsweek in 2024 after editorial positions at Us Weekly, iHeartRadio and more. She is a cum laude graduate of Drew University. You can get in touch with Michelle by emailing mmcgahan@newsweek.com. You can find her on X @MichelleMcGahan. Languages: English.
Michelle is a Newsweek editor based in the New York metro area. Her focus is reporting on celebrity and entertainment news. She has in-depth knowledge of pop music and fandom. Michelle joined Newsweek in 2024 after editorial positions at Us Weekly, iHeartRadio and more. She is a cum laude graduate of Drew University. You can get in touch with Michelle by emailing mmcgahan@newsweek.com. You can find her on X @MichelleMcGahan. Languages: English.
Michelle is a Newsweek editor based in the New York metro area. Her focus is reporting on celebrity and entertainment                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC