Days after Selena Gomez announced she is engaged to Benny Blanco, her fiancé shared more photos from his proposal.
If you're hungry for more about Selena Gomez and Benny Blanco's engagement, come and get it.
The singer's fiancé shared never-before-seen images from his proposal days after she announced the two are set to marry. While viewers learned from Selena's Dec. 11 Instagram post that Benny, 36, popped the question during a romantic Taco Bell picnic, the record producer showed that the event was professionally filmed.
Images shared on his Instagram Story and TikTok Dec. 14 signal the proposal took place on a soundstage made to look like a park, complete with extensive lighting and camera equipment. In addition to a Taco Bell meal, the couple also enjoyed a Champagne toast.
Benny proposed to Selena, 32, with a marquise-cut diamond engagement ring estimated to be worth $225,000.
With the jewelry piece, the songwriter seemingly paid homage to the Rare Beauty founder's hit tune "Good for You," which includes the lyrics," I'm a marquise diamond / Could even make that Tiffany jealous / You say I give it to you hard / So bad, so bad / Make you never wanna leave / I won't, I won't."
Many celebs left congratulatory messages on Selena's post, including Cardi B, Jennifer Aniston, Gwyneth Paltrow, Gordon Ramsay, Emily in Paris stars Lily Collins and Ashley Park, Nina Dobrev, Lil Nas X, Cara Delevingne, Padma Lakshmi, Mariska Hargitay and the "Come & Get It" singer's longtime BFF Taylor Swift.
"Yes," the "Cruel Summer" singer wrote in the comments section, "I will be the flower girl."
In addition, Selena's two main Only Murder in the Building costars shared their own roles in her life.
"Congratulations to Benny and Selena," Steve Martin wrote on Instagram Dec. 12, alongside a 2021 pic of himself and Martin Short appearing with the bride-to-be, "from her two weird uncles."
Selena responded on her Instagram Story, "Love you guys!!"
Behind the scenes look of the studio where Benny Blanco recreated a date to propose to Selena Gomez pic.twitter.com/b6jJmL5190
Selena and Benny—born Benjamin Joseph Levin—began dating in July 2023 and kept their relationship private until she confirmed the pair's relationship on social media that December.
Look back at the pair's road to romance...
Blossoming Romance
Selena Gomez and Benny Blanco began dating in July 2023, around Selena's birthday, Benny said on the Howard Stern Show in May 2024.
But they only began to spark romance rumors in late 2023. That December, Selena confirmed the speculation, commenting on a fan page's Instagram post, regarding Benny, "He is my absolute everything in my heart."
She continued, "Why has he been the best thing that's ever happened to me. He's still better than anyone I've ever been with."
The Rare Beauty founder also shared a photo on her Instagram Story of her leaning her head on what looked to be Benny's chest.
With This Ring...
Selena later shared this pic on her Instagram Stories, which shows her wearing a bejeweled "B" ring.
That Kiss
...including a pic of the two kissing. 
Quality Time
Also in December 2023, Selena shared several photos of herself hanging out in New York City with Benny and their friends.i
Appreciating Art
Two days after Christmas 2023, Selena shared new pics of the couple at what appeared to be an art exhibit.
PDA Alert
Selena posted this pic of herself and Benny one day before New Year's Eve 2023.
Slam Dunk Date Night
The pair attended the Los Angeles Lakers' home game against the Miami Heat in January 2024.
Can't Keep Their Hands to Themselves
The couple packed on PDA in this February 2024 snapshot.
Happy Birthday Benny
Selena shared a tribute to her boyfriend on his 36th birthday in March 2024.
Birthday Tribute
"Happy birthday baby!" Selena wrote on her Instagram. "Your emotional endurance, positive disposition, unbelievable talent (that blows me away), undeniable humor and loving, kind heart absolutely kill me. I love you @itsbennyblanco."
PDA Alert
Selena included this kissing pic in her birthday tribute to Benny.
Naughty PDA Alert
...and these couple's pics as well.
Open Book
Selena celebrated the release of Benny's Open Wide in April 2024, captioning photos of the pair enjoying a cake shaped like his cookbook, "So proud."
Happy Fourth of July
Selena shared this pic of the two on Independence Day 2024.
Who Said "I Love You" First?
In July 2024, just ahead of their first dating anniversary, the two answered a viral "Who's Most Likely To" TikTok challenge, during which they were asked who was the first to say "I love you" to the other person. The answer? Selena.
Getting Cozy
Selena and Benny cuddled up in cute photos in July 2024 following her 32nd birthday.
Night Adventures
The actress captioned a gallery of summer photos, "Thank you for sharing your life with me today and everyday."
Beach Babes
The musicians soaked up the sun together on lounge chairs.
Dinner Date
Selena shared a silly pic of the two enjoying a bite.
Summer of Love
They're just loving each other like a love song, baby.
Incognito
The two were bundled up with masks on during one of their outings.
Pucker Up!
In another snap, Selena wore Benny's beanie as they pursed their lips for the camera.
Not Single Soon
The "Eastside" artist gave Selena a kiss on the cheek in a sweet summer snap in July 2024.
Good for You
He wrapped his arms around her in another adorable Instagram pic.
She Said Yes!
"Forever begins now," Selena wrote in December 2024, while revealing their engagement. Benny quipped in the comments, "hey wait… that’s my wife."
Golden Couple
The couple enjoyed a date night at the 2025 Golden Globes.
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.