Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
"I honestly feel like I'm going to wake up any minute now this whole thing has been a dream," she said. 

							By 

	Christy Piña

Associate Editor

Jessica Gunning took home the award for best supporting actress in a limited series, anthology or TV movie for her role in Baby Reindeer at the 2024 Emmys.

	“I honestly feel like I’m going to wake up any minute now this whole thing has been a dream,” she began her acceptance speech. “I’m so incredibly proud to be part of Baby Reindeer. So, I just would love to say a huge thank you to everybody who let me, really.” 



	Gunning also took a moment to praise the show’s creator and star, Richard Gadd.





	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	Movies
			



	
		
					Far East Film Festival: Yihui Shao's Feminist Drama 'Her Story' Wins Top Prize		
			














	
	Movies
			



	
		
					Oscars Keep 2026 Date as L.A. Marathon Agrees to Reschedule to Avoid Conflict		
			








	“My biggest thanks has to go to, Mr. Richard Gadd. I’ve tried so many times to put into words what working on Baby Reindeer meant to me, and I fail every time. So I’m going to sing,” she joked, before adding, “I’ll keep it simple and just say thank you for trusting me to be your Martha. I will never, ever forget her or you or this. So, thank you.”

	









#BabyReindeer star Jessica Gunning wins supporting actress in a limited or anthology series at the 2024 #Emmys pic.twitter.com/3igGcQJjLw

	She was up against Ripley‘s Dakota Fanning, Under the Bridge‘s Lily Gladstone, Baby Reindeer‘s Nava Mau, Lessons in Chemistry‘s Aja Naomi King, Feud: Capote vs. The Swans‘ Diane Lane and True Detective: Night Country‘s Kali Reis.

	The win marks the first for the hit Netflix series on Sunday. 

	The 2024 Emmys are the second ones to take place this year, with the 2023 Emmys being pushed back due to the dual writers and actors strikes from last year.

Presenters at TV’s biggest night this year include Kristen Wiig, Viola Davis, Lily Gladstone, Selena Gomez, Steve Martin, Martin Short, Matt Bomer, Colin Farrell, Mindy Kaling, Jimmy Kimmel, Greta Lee, John Leguizamo, George Lopez, Ebon Moss-Bachrach and Jean Smart. 

	This year’s nominees were led by FX’s The Bear (with 23 nominations, a comedy series record), Hulu’s Only Murders in the Building (21), HBO/Max’s True Detective: Night Country (19) and Netflix’s The Crown (18).

	Netflix led all of the nominees with a total of 107 noms, followed by FX with 93, HBO with 91 and Apple TV+ with 72.  Disney as a whole, which includes projects across FX, ABC, Hulu and Disney+, had a personal-best tally of 183 Emmy nominations this year.

	The 76th annual Emmy Awards, co-hosted by father-son duo Eugene and Dan Levy, are broadcasting live from the Peacock Theater in Los Angeles from 5-8 p.m. PT/8-11 p.m. ET.
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.