With Cyber Week in full swing, it’s time to start the week with a bang. 
The shopping Super Bowl brings some of the best sales we’ll see all year — and while Black Friday and Cyber Monday are over, there are still plenty of ways to grow your closet for less with fashion finds from brands like Alo Yoga, Madewell, J.Crew and more.
Whether you’re searching for holiday gifts or treating yourself to something special, you’ll no doubt find something that fills the bill (without racking up bills) below.
Plus, for more shopping inspiration, check out our guides to the best extended beauty deals and sales on Oprah’s “Favorite Things.”
Even with Cyber Monday over, Nordstrom’s got deals for days; get up to 60% off on amazing finds from brands like Hoka, Alo Yoga, Spanx, Topshop and more. 
lululemon’s “We Made Too Much” section is the place to be for specials on top styles ranging from the viral Everywhere Belt Bag to the Align Cropped Cami Tank Top.
No need to wait in big lines to score Bloomingdale’s can’t-miss markdowns. Enjoy 15%, 20% or 25%  on a selection of thousands of designer finds ranging from cashmere to coats (with a purchase over $100, $200 or $400, respectively).
For inspiration, check out what our editors are adding to cart. 
In the wake of Cyber Monday, Free People’s sale section is still bursting with bargains.
Thanks, Spanx! The brand’s running one of its best sales yet for one more day: 30-50% off everything, including Oprah’s AirEssentials “favorites.”
While Sole Bliss never has sales (even for Cyber Monday), today shoppers can score these Oprah-approved winter boots for 20% off. 
A whole crew of stars swears by J.Crew’s styles, many of which are up to 50% off during its massive extended Cyber Monday event.
Everlane’s extended Cyber Monday deals are ever so good this year: up to 50% off almost everything on the site. 
Diamonds may be a girl’s best friend, but Melinda Maria’s bling costs far less. The brand’s known for designs that look just like precious stones — and right now, save up to 50% on select styles during the designer’s extended Cyber Monday sale. 
Taylor Swift’s toted Mansur Gavriel’s classic leather bags on many occasions — and right now, the brand’s in its Cyber Monday era. Take an extra 20% off select styles before they sell out.
From Taylor Swift’s US Open mini to the dress Jennifer Aniston owns in multiple colors, Reformation is packed with star-powered pieces — all included in its 25%-off sitewide sale.
Brochu Walker’s designs ooze quiet luxury and have caught the eyes of everyone from Oprah to celebrity stylist Jamie Mizrahi, the latter of whom recently collaborated with the brand. Right now, you can shop all cashmere and diamonds for 30% off with the code CASHMERE24.
These deals are beyond good. Enjoy 25% off sitewide and up to 75% off sale items, and stock up on the butter-soft sports bras and leggings stars like Jennifer Aniston and Jennifer Lopez wear.
Plenty of stars’ breezy sundresses and lacy blouses hail from LA-based brand Dôen. And at the Taylor Swift-loved label’s extended Giving Thanks sale, shoppers can take up to 65% off select styles.
Deck the halls for less with Anthropologie’s sales on home decor.
Get ready for winter with 45% off everything at Cozy Earth. Oprah and Kris Jenner are both obsessed, with the latter once telling the brand she sleeps on its sheets “every night.”
If you’ve been eyeing Madewell pieces, this deal’s practically made for you. Save up to 70% off almost everything during the brand’s Cyber Week sale.
Get $50 off every $200 you spend at Saks Fifth Avenue with the code CYBER24SF.
From Hailey Bieber to Kendall Jenner, plenty of stars sweat in style with Alo. While the brand rarely has sales, it’s offering 30% off everything on its site for one more day.
Got deals on the brain? Rihanna’s lingerie label is offering up to 75% off sitewide for new VIP members this Cyber Week.
Act fast to score great extended deals at DSW right now, including on top brands like Adidas and Timberland.
British jeweler Monica Vinader’s long list of A-list fans includes everyone from Kate Middleton and Meghan Markle to Selena Gomez and Jennifer Lawrence. For a limited time, save up to 50% off sitewide.
While Saks Off Fifth is a treasure trove of high-end deals on the daily, right now shoppers can take an extra 60% off coats, hats, gloves and cashmere.
These deals won’t leave you tight on cash. Score Sheertex’s rip-resistant tights — which we’ve spotted on Taylor Swift and Selena Gomez — for 25% off.
Save up to 50% off select styles at Net-a-Porter. (Highlights include high-end labels like Khaite, Loewe and The Row.)
Score double discounts on sale styles at Neiman Marcus, where hundreds of items are up to 75% off.
With 40% off almost everything on the site, it might be hard to pick favorites. Just ask Meghan Markle, who sported several of the brand’s styles at the Invictus Games this summer.
Score 30% off a wide range of styles at Outdoor Voices, including the brand’s famed exercise dresses.
Birdies’ surprise extended Cyber Monday event has officially taken flight. Not sure where to start? Katie Holmes and Meghan Markle both own the brand’s ballet flats.
Don’t sleep on Eberjey’s 25% off sitewide sale. The label’s comfy pajamas are beloved by Selena Gomez, Jennifer Lopez and Sofia Richie (to name but a few).
It’s prime time to save big at Amazon, with big discounts on clothing and jewelry. (Check out our ultimate guide to the sale for all the best deals.)
Add some sparkle to your shopping cart with up to 50% off the Jenny Bird earrings stars and editors are obsessed with.
A whole posse of stars love Posse’s pieces, which are currently up to 60% off. (Case in point: Meghan Markle and Katie Holmes own the same striped dress from the label.)
JW Pei’s handbags cost far less than most celebrity go-tos, but they’ve earned a starry following all the same. Find your own favorite for up to 55% off right now — and if you buy two bags, use code 24BF20 to snag an extra 20% off!
Dive into Cyber Week with deep discounts (we’re talking 40% off sitewide) at Andie Swim. Demi Moore and Mindy Kaling both love the brand’s suits.
Even high-end labels like Retrofête are getting in on the action this Cyber Week. Enjoy 30% off almost everything, including the gorgeous cocktail dresses stars love.
Talk about a deal worth sharing with your girlfriends. Save 35% off sitewide and up to 60% off sale, including the Compressive Pocket Leggings Oprah and Gayle King both swear by. 
It’s the last day to save 40% off almost everything at Victoria’s Secret and VS Pink. 
Famous Jennifers (Lopez and Aniston, that is) can’t stop rocking Havaianas’ budget-friendly flip-flops. And right now, you can shop the same sandals for 40% off.
Sarah Flint’s cushioned heels blend fashion and function, scoring fans like Meghan Markle, Paris Hilton and Amal Clooney. Walk in their favorite shoes for less right now, with 40% off sitewide.
Get your closet into the holiday spirit with 30% off sitewide at Jennifer Behr.
Catbird’s delicate designs have scored celebrity devotees like Taylor Swift, Phoebe Bridgers and Jenny Slate. During the brand’s biggest sale of the year, you can add some to your own jewelry box with 20% off sitewide.
Whether you’re eyeing Jennifer Aniston’s Mini Alidia Ring or toasting to 2025 in Blake Lively’s Martini Earrings, score 30% off almost everything at BaubleBar. (Custom items are 20% off, too.)
From Meghan Markle to Taylor Swift, we’ve spotted plenty of stars wearing this brand’s goddess-inspired necklaces. Save 30% sitewide right now.
While Rue Sophie’s known for its timeless styles, the brand’s Cyber Week deals — up to 60% off! — will come and go in a flash.
Take up to to 60% off styles from top brands, like Hoka and Asics.
Save up to 40% off on styles from NYDJ, which Oprah called her “favorite denim brand” on her 2017 “Favorite Things” list. Just be sure to apply the code BFSALE at checkout.
Whether you’re looking for lab-grown diamonds or more budget-friendly bling, Ring Concierge’s 30% off sitewide sale has sparkle that suits.
With collaborators like Sydney Sweeney and Pamela Anderson, Frankies Bikinis is a Hollywood staple. Save up to 70% off sitewide while deals last.
Get ready for family photoshoots with Hanna Andersson’s matching pajamas, all still 50% off right now.
Kick off winter in style with an extra 30% off at Aldo.
Save up to 70% on luxe cashmere creations from one of stars’ favorite sweater sources.
Time is ticking to save up to 30% on almost all watches and accessories. We have our eye on the Harlow Watch Choker, which looks strikingly similar to Taylor Swift’s viral 2024 Grammys accessory.

					Take up to 60% off on brands like Free People, Levi’s, Tom Ford, and other trending brands at Nordstrom’s Cyber Monday sale.				

					Score big on designers like Burberry, Tory Burch, Rag & Bone and more at Bloomingdale’s Cyber Monday event.				

					Save up to 65% on brands like Levi’s, Calvin Klein, Nike, and more for Macy’s Cyber Monday Sale.				
Yes! Many brands extended Cyber Week sales beyond December 2, but shop quickly before deals–and inventory–run out.
Right here, at Page Six! If you’re in the market for celebrity-worthy styles on a budget, luxury beauty and skincare for less, or gifts so good you’ll want to keep them for yourself, check out our expert-curated Black Friday and Cyber Monday deals for the best of the best.
This article was written by Hannah Southwick, Commerce Writer/Reporter for Page Six Style. Hannah spies deals on actually affordable celebrity-worn styles, puts Hollywood’s favorite labels to the test and finds the beauty products that keep stars red carpet-ready. She consults stylists and industry pros — including celebs themselves — for firsthand product recommendations, trend predictions and more. In addition to writing for Page Six since 2020, her work has been featured in USA Today and Parade.