MyNewsLA.com

					Breaking news for Los Angeles, Orange and Riverside counties				
“Shogun,” FX’s tale of 17th century Japan based on James Clavell’s novel, will enter Sunday evening’s Emmy Awards already holding the record for most wins by a drama series in a single year, and it is widely expected to pad that mark, while the network’s “The Bear” could also eclipse a record for comedy series.
The two shows were the top nominees heading into Emmy season, with “Shogun” collecting 25 overall nominations, and “The Bear” earning 23, the most ever received by a comedy series in a single season (besting the 2009 mark of 22 set by NBC’s “30 Rock”).
During Creative Arts Emmy Awards ceremonies held last weekend, when the bulk of the Emmy honors are presented, “Shogun” collected a record-shattering 14 awards, besting the mark for a drama series (12) set by “Game of Thrones” in 2019, and the record for any program in a single year set in 2008 by the miniseries “John Adams,” which won 13.
So while “Shogun” has already made Emmy history, it is widely expected to inflate its record-setting numbers Sunday. The show is considered a strong favorite to win for outstanding drama series, and to earn prizes for lead actor and actress Hiroyuki Sanada and Anna Sawai, respectively. Tadanobu Asano is also considered a favorite for supporting actor in a drama series.
Hoping to upend “Shogun’s” run in the outstanding drama series category are Netflix’s “The Crown” and “3 Body Problem”; Prime Video’s “Fallout” and “Mr. and Mrs. Smith”; HBO’s “The Gilded Age”; and Apple TV+’s “The Morning Show” and “Slow Horses.”
Challenging Sanada for lead actor honors will be Idris Elba of “Hijack,” Donald Glover for “Mr. & Mrs. Smith,” Walton Goggins for “Fallout,” Gary Oldman of “Slow Horses” and Dominic West for “The Crown”
For lead actress, Sawai is squaring off against Jennifer Aniston and Reese Witherspoon of “The Morning Show,” Carrie Coon of “The Gilded Age,” Maya Erskine of “Mr. and Mrs. Smith” and Imelda Staunton of “The Crown.”
On the comedy side of the awards, “The Bear” could also set a record Sunday. The show about a chef trying to revive his family’s restaurant has already won seven Emmy awards, putting it in striking distance of the comedy-series single-year record of nine set by “Schitt’s Creek” in 2020.
Sign up here for our free newsletters. We’ll send you the latest headlines every morning and every weekday afternoon.

				MyNewsLA.com won’t sell your information and you can unsubscribe at any time.			
“The Bear” is a heavy favorite to repeat its 2023 win for outstanding comedy series — although some have questioned its labeling as a “comedy,” and Jeremy Allen White could repeat as outstanding lead actor in a comedy series.
Two other FX series — “Reservation Dogs” and “What We Do in the Shadows” — are also vying for the outstanding comedy series prize, as are ABC’s “Abbott Elementary”; HBO’s “Curb Your Enthusiasm” and “Hacks”; Hulu’s “Only Murders in the Building”; and Apple TV+’s “Palm Royale.”
White will face some big-name competition in the lead comedy actor category. Steve Martin and Martin Short are both nominated for “Only Murders in the Building,” along with Matt Berry of “What We Do in the Shadows,” Larry David for “Curb Your Enthusiasm” and D’Pharaoh Woon-A-Tai of “Reservation Dogs.”
Quinta Brunson of “Abbott Elementary” will look to repeat her 2023 win for best actress in a comedy series. She’ll be challenged by Ayo Edebiri of “The Bear,” Selena Gomez of “Only Murders In The Building,” Maya Rudolph of “Loot,” past winner Jean Smart of “Hacks” and Kristen Wiig for “Palm Royale.”
Competing in the best limited or anthology series category are Netflix’s “Baby Reindeer” and “Ripley”; FX’s “Fargo”; Apple TV+’s “Lessons in Chemistry”; and HBO’s “True Detective: Night Country.”
The father-son duo of Eugene and Daniel Levy will host the 76th Emmy Awards ceremony at the Peacock Theater in downtown Los Angeles. The show will be broadcast on ABC.
Under unusual circumstances, this will be the second Emmy Awards ceremony held this year. The 2023 Emmy telecast was delayed due to last year’s dual strikes by Hollywood writers and actors. The event was held on Jan. 15, 2024.
Of last year’s eight nominees in the outstanding drama series category, only “The Crown” was eligible to be among this year’s eight nominees. The Netflix drama about the life and reign of Queen Elizabeth II was nominated for the sixth time in its six-season run. Its final six episodes were released Dec. 14.
Meanwhile, only three of last year’s eight outstanding comedy series nominees were eligible for this year’s eight nominations — last year’s winner, “The Bear,” ABC’s “Abbott Elementary” and Hulu’s “Only Murders in the Building.”
HBO’s “Curb Your Enthusiasm” has been nominated 11 times in the category during its intermittent 12-season run that began in 2000. The only time it failed to be nominated was during its first season.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
Δ

    Sign up here for our free newsletters. We’ll send you the latest headlines every morning and every weekday afternoon.
  

    Check for a confirmation email, and then you're all set with MyNewsLA.com!