In the past few years, Renée Rapp has left behind a trail of iconic belted notes, stellar albums and EPs, and starring roles on stage and screen. But her press tour for "Mean Girls" may be one of her best performances yet.
Whether she's shouting out her celebrity crushes or coming for dudes she just hates, Rapp's comments while promoting her new film are anything but canned.
The general joke online is that Rapp hasn't received any PR training — or at least, she hasn't taken it to heart — but whether she has or hasn't, it's impossible to deny that her self-assuredness has endeared her to many.
Take this clip from the "Mean Girls" junket. A media-trained celeb might sit through this press day gamely but carefully answering questions about how she got into character as Regina George, if she'd seen the original "Mean Girls" movie, and dispensing mildly interesting anecdotes from the set.
Not Renée Rapp. 
No, she's gonna dig into a guy named "Buddy" who owns a bus company and apparently disrespected her, her friends, and her mom:
RENEÉ 😭😭😭 pic.twitter.com/UD5dhN5zlQ
But our queen of angry diversions is not done yet. After saying collaborator Megan Thee Stallion, who Rapp worked with on the "Mean Girls" soundtrack song "Not My Fault," has the "best ass I've ever seen," she comes for yet another man.
"I am like a true, true Meg supporter, and um, I hate that other man," Rapp told Extra, alluding to an incident involving Tory Lanez, who was found guilty and sentenced to 10 years in prison after shooting Megan in the foot in 2020. The case, as Business Insider previously reported, brought racist, and misogynistic harassment towards Megan.
 "So, I love Megan Thee Stallion. I love her. And if anybody tries her when it comes to that sorry-ass man, it's a do-or-die fight for me."
There have been other notable moments: Rapp revealing she has a crush on "Shark Tank" judge Mark Cuban, her assertion that "gay people are generally cooler and better," that time she thought an interviewer's reference to "LiLo" meant the main character of "Lilo & Stitch" and not original "Mean Girls" star Lindsay Lohan.
Reneé Rapp confusing Lindsay Lohan with Lilo from 'Lilo & Stitch'. 😭 Try not to say mother challenge... 'Mean Girls' edition. #meangirls #reneerapp
To top it off, she celebrated her 24th birthday with an Instagram post showing off her skinned knee and a bottle of champagne, clarifying that she "fell before I was drunk."
A post shared by @reneerapp
In a time when the internet is so obsessed with what celebrities really think about things that TikTok creates a cottage industry out of deciphering Taylor Swift and Selena Gomez's Golden Globes conversation, it's refreshing to see a famous person be so unfiltered.
What's different about Rapp is that she isn't being wantonly chaotic. She's just self-assured.
On "Today," she reflected on how she felt after being cast as Regina George in "Mean Girls" on Broadway in 2019. 
"I just remember, she was so excited and eager," Rapp said of her younger self. "And it's not that I'm not excited and eager now in my life. I just am so much more sure of myself. So I'm less people-pleasing."
Jump to