A1 Minute! October 11, 2024; UVa creates Center for Public Safety and Justice; ACC hopes to enhance image of men's basketball  
Tickets for the 37th Virginia Film Festival went on sale Friday, which means there’s no time like the present to start crafting a game plan.
The lineup this year is so stacked that those planning to attend may want to have some popcorn handy while they figure out where to start their selections. The festival, set for Oct. 30 through Nov. 3 at theaters in downtown Charlottesville and on University of Virginia Grounds, offers documentaries, dramas, animated entries, international standouts and more to suit a wide range of ages and outlooks.
To make the selection process a little easier, Ilya Tovbis, the festival’s artistic director, and Jody Kielbasa, its executive director, shared a few strategies with The Daily Progress.
“It’s a dense lineup,” Tovbis said. He suggested starting at the festival’s website, www.virginiafilmfestival.org, and letting interests and curiosity guide the process.
The Paramount Theater hosts multiple screenings as part of the Virginia Film Festival on Thursday, Oct. 26, 2023.
Tovbis
Pavement, an indie rock band considered by critics to be one of the best bands of the 1990s, has a strong Charlottesville connection: Members Steven Malkmus and Bob Nastanovich met while attending UVa and serving as DJs at WTJU-FM. They formed the indie band Ectoslavia with fellow WTJU DJs James McNew, who became the bassist for Yo La Tengo, and David Berman, who formed Silver Jews with Malkmus and Nastanovich.
“Pavements,” what Tovbis called a “hybridized documentary,” blends interviews, behind-the-scenes footage and other elements true to the band’s history with a clever alternate reality filled with fake artifacts, made-up band lore and a film within a film.
“Flow” follows a cat and other creatures as they try to make sense of their newly flooded world. “You’ll be riveted by that film,” Tovbis said. “It doesn’t need dialogue.”
Other possibilities include new envisionings of classic stories in “A Little Princess,” shown at 10:15 a.m. Nov. 2 at Violet Crown, and “The Count of Monte Cristo,” a swashbuckler that’ll suit all but the youngest viewers, at 6 p.m. Nov. 3 also at Violet Crown.
37th annual Virginia Film Festival
Tickets go on sale at noon Friday
at artsboxoffice.virginia.edu
and (434) 924-3376
Details: virginiafilmfestival.org
“Anora,” the Cinderella story of an exotic dancer who marries a Russian oligarch’s son in hopes of making a fresh start, won the Palme d’Or at the Cannes Film Festival. Virginia Film Festival attendees can see the “Opening Night Film” selection at 7 p.m. Oct. 30 at the Paramount and stick around for a discussion featuring director Sean Baker, who is receiving the festival’s Impresario Award this year.
There’s no sign of Katharine Hepburn or Spencer Tracy, but Tovbis said “Anora” counts as a screwball comedy. “It will have people truly floating on air as they leave the Paramount,” he said.
Kielbasa also recommended the genre-bending “Centerpiece” selection, “Emilia Perez,” which can be seen at 3:30 p.m. Nov. 2 at the Paramount. Jacques Audiard’s film about four women in Mexico, an official Oscar selection from France, took the Jury Prize at Cannes and won an ensemble best actress award for leads Zoe Saldaña, Karla Sofie Gascón, Selena Gomez and Adriana Paz. Gascón became the first openly trans actor to pick up a major award at Cannes.
Over the course of the festival’s five days, “the real hardcore individuals might see 12 to 15 films,” Kielbasa said. “What this serves as is an opportunity to have a tightly curated film list.”
Virginia Film Festival Director Jody Kielbasa delivers opening remarks before a showing of “Before The Devil Knows You’re Dead” at the Paramount Theatre as part of the Virginia Film Festival on Saturday, Oct. 26, 2019.
When it comes to purchasing tickets, options abound.
Tickets can be purchased using the interactive film guide on the website’s schedule page up to two hours before each film begins — if seats remain.
It’s also possible to call the UVa Arts Box Office at (434) 924-3376. It’s open from noon to 5 p.m. Tuesdays through Fridays at 109 Culbreth Road, in the lobby of the Drama Education Building.
As the festival’s opening day approaches, there will be two additional box office options. Starting at noon Oct. 28, the festival’s downtown box office will be at the Violet Crown at 200 W. Main St. on the Downtown Mall. The Paramount, at 215 E. Main St. on the Downtown Mall, will sell tickets to events at the Paramount during the five days of the festival.
Most screenings will be $15 for adults, with some screenings and events priced at $20 or more. The Opening Night Gala is $75, and the Late-Night Wrap Party will be $45.
Jane Dunlap Sathe (434) 978-7249
jsathe@dailyprogress.com
Receive the latest in local entertainment news in your inbox weekly!
Features Editor
A1 Minute! October 11, 2024; UVa creates Center for Public Safety and Justice; ACC hopes to enhance image of men's basketball  
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.