One time adult star Mia Khalifa has fawned over pop star Selena Gomez, sharing a snap of her fellow celebrity and calling her 'mommy' - despite the hitmaker deleting the picture.
Social media sensation Mia platformed her love for the star on X, formerly Twitter, sharing Gomez's busy snap and writing "mommy". And while the Texan songstress, 31, might enjoy the love, she herself deleted the picture shortly after uploading it to Instagram.
The Lose You To Love Me hitmaker uploaded the steamy photo on Instagram on Saturday, which showed her posing in a black strapless bra while relaxing at her home in Los Angeles.
READ MORE: Disgusted Mia Khalifa warns 'I will literally kill you' after making 'squirt' discovery
Click here for the latest news and updates on Mia Khalifa.
Pouting in the snap, Selena raked her hands through her long brown hair, and she decided to upload them for her fans.
However, eagle-eyed fans spotted a huge wardrobe malfunction, as the actress had seemingly accidentally exposed one of her nipples in the snap.
Once she realised her mistake, she quickly deleted the photos, but did not confirm why she removed them from Instagram.
It is not clear if Khalifa knows this, but the picture remains on her X account at the time of writing.
Mia has expressed her love for the singer in the past. She previously wrote on X: "Selena was basically the only spicy brunette representation I had in pop culture/media growing up, I am one of you."
It comes after Mia threatened to "literally kill" people after making a "squirt" discovery which left her disgusted.
She raged on X and threatened threatened those who used squirt bottles for their olive oil. Opinion was divided on the use of the squeeze bottles often seen in UK takeaways.
The former adult star fumed at the kitchen faux pas and asked "what the f*** are you talking about" to those putting their cooking essential in an easy to use squeezy bottle.
Taking to X, Mia wrote: "Olive oil in a squirt bottle? What the f**k are you talking about I’m from the Mediterranean I will literally k*ll you."
The Daily Star is now on WhatsApp and we want you to join us!
Through the app, we'll send you the sassiest showbiz stories, some naught headline and a seismic smattering of aliens...along with the latest breaking news of course.
To join our community, all you have to do to join is click on this link, select 'Join Chat' and you're in!
No one will be able to see who has sign up and no one can send messages except for the Daily Star team. We also treat our community members to competitions, special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners.
If you don’t like our community, you can check out any time you like. To leave our community click on the name at the top of your screen and choose Exit group. If you’re curious, you can read our Privacy Notice.
CLICK HERE TO JOIN
To stay up to date with all the latest news, make sure you sign up to one of our newsletters here.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.