Hollyoaks star Jamie Lomas is the brother of Emmerdale actressCharley Webb.
The actor, who is best known for playing bad boy Warren Fox in the Channel 4 soap, isn't the only star in his family. Charley is best known for playing the role of Debbie Dingle in Emmerdale on and off between 2002 and 2021.
Jamie has starred in the Channel 4 soap since 2006, but earlier this year announced his exit. Charley and Jamie also share celebrity makeup artist Cassie Lomas as their sister.
Cassie opened the Cassie Lomas Makeup Academy, based at MediaCityUK, in 2010, and has worked on a host of famous faces including Lady Gaga, Rita Ora, Selena Gomez, Little Mix and Michelle Keegan.
As well as having a soap star brother, Charley was married to Emmerdale’s Matthew Wolfenden, but the couple announced that their relationship had come to an end in November 2023. The former couple share three children with the Emmerdale actress giving birth to son Buster in April 2010.
In June 2015, they announced they were having a second child, welcoming son Bowie on December 19, 2015. Their third son was born on July 26, 2019.
Meanwhile, Jamie shares a daughter with former Coronation Street icon Kym Marsh. The former couple sadly lost son Archie Jay Lomas just moments after his birth in 2009 and welcomed daughter Polly Lomas into the world together in 2011.
Jamie is expecting his first children with fiancée Jess Bell this summer. The Hollyoaks star announced the happy news of their engagement in February, telling OK! Magazine: "I had been planning it for a while and I wanted it to be perfect."
He said: "We'd been in Lake Como a few weeks earlier but we both adore Mexico and I thought, 'Where better than in our favourite restaurant in our favourite resort in our favourite country?"
Jess added: "Before I knew it there was this ring there and everyone was clapping and cheering. It was amazing; so wonderful and so very emotional I wasn't expecting it at all. It was a total shock. Before I knew it there was this ring there and everyone was clapping and cheering. It was amazing; so wonderful and so very emotional."
Jamie also shares a son Billy with an ex-partner who isn't in the spotlight. Last year, he opened up in a candid Instagram post saying he "feels the pain" of other dads who also "don't get to see their kids" as the actor wished his son a happy birthday.
Alongside montage of old photos from when his son was younger, he wrote: "To my first born Billy. Happy 18th birthday son. Sadly It's been 6 years since I've been able to see you. But there isn't a day goes by that I don't think about you and look back on our great times together. I miss you everyday and I love you with everything I have.
"I hope with all my heart you get to see this and that one day we will be reunited again. I hope you have a wonderful birthday son and have a great time whatever you do and just know I will be thinking of you and that your family misses you. A big shout out to all the dads out there that are struggling because they don't get to see their kids. I FEEL YOUR PAIN!!!"
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok , Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.