Getty
Selena Gomez is living in love and light amid her romance with boyfriend Benny Blanco and putting the past behind her. The actress slash singer has battled physical and mental obstacles in the spotlight over the years – all while being a role model to her massively loyal fans.
Selena and Justin Bieber finally ended their toxic seven-year on-off relationship in 2018. She later claimed she “was a victim to certain [emotional] abuse” when they dated.
The famous tween It couple started dating in 2011 and their romance quickly became a pop culture phenomenon. From makeups to breakups, fans indulged in Selena and Justin’s tumultuous relationship and they were saddened when they split for good.
The “Yummy” singer started dating now-wife Hailey Bieber (née Baldwin) months after his March 2018 breakup with Selena. They tied the knot in January 2019.
In 2014, Selena was diagnosed with lupus, an incurable autoimmune disease. She got a kidney transplant in 2017, with actress pal Francia Raisa donating one of her organs.
“There aren’t words to describe how I can possibly thank my beautiful friend Francia Raisa,” Selena wrote via Instagram ​that September, featuring a photo of them holding hands and lying down in hospital beds. “She gave me the ultimate gift and sacrifice by donating her kidney to me. I am incredibly blessed. I love you so much, sis.”
The Wizards of Waverly Place star and Francia found themselves in a rumored feud in 2022 after Selena admitted that Taylor Swift was her only true friend in the industry. Selena and Francia buried the hatchet the following year. Shortly after, a source exclusively told Life & Style that the hiccup in their friendship was “blown out of proportion.”
“She called Francia soon after to explain that she misspoke, that she never meant to hurt her feelings and that she regretted it immediately,” the insider revealed. “Francia accepted Selena’s apology, and they’ve since put the misunderstanding behind them.”
Two years after spending 90 days in rehab for anxiety and depression, Selena checked into a psychiatric facility in 2018 and was diagnosed with bipolar disorder. She’d been hearing voices and experiencing paranoia.
The “Calm Down” singer opened up about her mental health battle in her 2022 documentary Selena Gomez: My Mind and Me and didn’t have any qualms about being vulnerable to fans.
“Connecting with fans gives her purpose,” an insider exclusively told Life & Style in October 2023.
When online commenters criticized her 2023 Golden Globes look, Selena — whose weight has fluctuated over the years — hit back: “I’m a little bit big right now because I enjoyed myself during the holidays.”
Conversation
All comments are subject to our Community Guidelines. Life & Style does not endorse
						the opinions and views shared by our readers in our comment sections. Our comments section is a place
						where readers can engage in healthy, productive, lively, and respectful discussions. Offensive language,
						hate speech, personal attacks, and/or defamatory statements are not permitted. Advertising or spam is
						also prohibited.
					
Life & Style has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.
Life & Style is part of the a360media Entertainment Group.Copyright © a360media 2025. All Rights Reserved
By clicking Sign In, you agree to our Terms and Conditions and that you have read our Privacy Policy.
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include:
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include: