Get the latest health news, wellness tips, exclusive offers and competitions
We have more newsletters
Get the latest health news, wellness tips, exclusive offers and competitions
We have more newsletters
A "groundbreaking" drug is being trialled in the first Brits to cure autoimmune conditions such as lupus and multiple sclerosis.
Three UK patients have received a "groundbreaking" treatment for lupus on the NHS, which experts believe could potentially eliminate the need for lifelong medication. Previously in the UK, CAR T-cell therapy was exclusively used for cancer patients, but now there's hope it could be effective against a range of diseases, including lupus and multiple sclerosis.
Autoimmune conditions are when the immune system malfunctions and attacks healthy tissue. In lupus B cells become overactive and produce autoantibodies that attack healthy cells. Medics hope the treatment, which genetically modifies the immune system to recognise and attack problem cells, could prevent life-threatening damage to the heart, lungs, brain or kidneys.
In a trial led by University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust (UCLH) and University College London (UCL), three individuals with severe lupus have been treated.
The condition is life-threatening and can damage vital organs such as the heart, lungs, brain, and kidneys. Early results suggest that this one-time therapy could "revolutionise treatment" and negate the necessity for continuous medication.
In Germany, patients who received CAR T-cell therapy over a year ago are now in remission and no longer require lupus drugs. The first patient in Britain to undergo this treatment was a 32 year old mother named Katherine, who was treated at the National Institute for Health and Care Research Manchester Clinical Research Facility at Manchester Royal Infirmary in July.
Two other patients have since been treated at UCLH, including 50 year old Katie Tinkler, who received her CAR T therapy just this Wednesday.
Mrs Tinkler, a Guildford mother of three who has battled lupus for 30 years, is set to participate in a groundbreaking trial.
She said she was "beyond excited" to join the trial, adding: iIf this works, it’s life changing. Up ’til now, there’s never been anything for lupus that is a possible cure."
"The dream is to be lupus-free – that would be phenomenal."
Lupus symptoms can vary in severity but often include joint pain, skin issues, fatigue, and inflammation of vital organs.
Treatment typically involves lifelong medication, ranging from simple anti-inflammatories like ibuprofen to steroids and more complex immunosuppressants or biological drugs. An estimated 69,000 individuals in the UK live with lupus, which predominantly affects women.
Mrs Tinkler, whose condition has deteriorated over the past ten years, said: "When the professor phoned me and said ‘we’re bringing a trial here, would you be interested? ’ oh my gosh, I jumped at it.
"I feel that my body’s getting tired, I’ve had this for 30 years, it’s being attacked from inside 24/7.
"My body’s struggling with it all now, and it’s definitely got worse over the last decade ... So I just feel any opportunity that I can have is great."
Katherine from Manchester, the first British patient to undergo treatment, couldn't hide her amazement at being selected for the trial, saying she “couldn’t believe it”.
She said: “When you speak about lupus, you don’t talk about the possibility of coming off medication."
Katherine, who was diagnosed with lupus in her late 20s, has found her life turned "upside down" by the condition. She added: "Nothing had worked permanently for me. All the drugs, even when taken at high doses, have just offered temporary relief and nothing has really helped with the pain. I thought ‘this could be a solution I never thought possible’."
The disease forced her to leave her banking job and made daily activities like getting out of bed and climbing stairs extremely difficult.
However, after participating in a trial for CAR T-cell therapy, Katherine expressed her newfound hope.
She said: "I had to give up my job in banking. I had difficulty just getting out of bed, climbing the stairs and even doing day-to-day tasks. I was forced to adapt to living life in a different way.
“I cried happy tears going home from that (trial) appointment, thinking that there was a chance I could wake up every morning without pain, being able to do things like play with my daughter, and imagining all the possibilities of living a somewhat normal life – it felt amazing.”
With the new study set to follow patients for 15 years, there is optimism that this treatment could potentially cure those with the most serious form of lupus. Katherine already feels "more energy" after just a few weeks and experiences no joint swelling. She added: "I’m feeling hopeful for the future."
Professor Ben Parker, consultant rheumatologist and study lead at the Manchester Royal Infirmary, expressed his enthusiasm about the groundbreaking research being conducted in the UK, saying: "We are delighted to be the first to deliver this fantastic research in the UK, which we hope will revolutionise treatment for patients with high-risk lupus, that could potentially lead to a cure for the disease.
"Lupus is a disease that requires lifelong medication, but this therapy has the potential to change that, which is incredibly exciting.
"This groundbreaking new therapy marks a significant milestone in our research into lupus."
He detailed the innovative approach of the treatment, involving programming CAR T cells: "Ultimately, it offers a very radical treatment for lupus compared to what’s currently available.
"What currently is available are treatments that suppress the immune system, that you have to continually take, that are partially effective in most people, very effective in a few people and ineffective in a substantial number of patients with lupus."
"The CAR T treatment offers something very different...In those people who’ve received it, they have been able to stop their immunosuppression after receiving CAR T and remain in what’s called drug-free remission.
"So it’s potentially very radical, but it still needs to be proven that what we’ve seen in a small number of people is replicable in a trial setting and then in more routine use."
Patients undergoing CAR T therapy, which requires a 10-day hospital stay, are informed of potential side effects, such as heightened susceptibility to infections for several weeks or a condition where the immune system becomes hyperactive. Despite these risks, many individuals with worsening lupus symptoms and those facing kidney failure consider the treatment worthwhile.
UCLH consultant rheumatologist Dr Maria Leandro said: "We have seen the effectiveness of CAR T in cancer, particularly blood cancers, and hope we can replicate this in autoimmune diseases, starting with lupus.
"Our early phase trial aims to recruit 12 people worldwide and we hope to replicate the results of a small German trial which showed an improvement in lupus patients treated with CAR T-cell therapy."
The specific CAR T used in the study is obecabtagene autoleucel (obe-cel), with Autolus Limited sponsoring the clinical trial.
Dr Eleni Tholouli, director of the adult stem cell transplant unit at Manchester Royal Infirmary, said: “It is an incredibly exciting time to now offer this mode of treatment to lupus patients through this clinical trial, which we hope will provide positive outcomes and revolutionise treatment options for patients with the disease.”
Notable figures with lupus include Selena Gomez and Paula Abdul, both of whom have publicly discussed their experiences with the condition.