Actress Jennifer Aniston has stunned as she arrived solo for the 76th Emmy Awards.
Attending the Peacock Theatre in Los Angeles for the 2024 Emmy Awards on Sunday, she went for a simple but classic look in a silver Oscar de la Renta gown featuring heavy beading and pearl details.
Pairing the outfit with vintage Tiffany & Co. jewelry, she kept her hair in a sleek blowout as the 55-year-old actress prepared to see if she had won after being nominated for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series for her role in The Morning Show.
Jennifer is up against co-star Reese Witherspoon, who is also nominated for her role in the Apple TV+ series.
She has played the role of UBA anchor Alex Levy since 2021, with the series being renewed for its fourth season.
READ MORE: Selena Gomez leads glam at star-studded 2024 Emmy Awards red carpet
Click here to follow Daily Express US on Google News to stay up to date with all the latest US, showbiz, and sports news.
Speaking to Vogue as she arrived at the 76th Annual Emmy Awards, Jennifer described her look. She told the publication: “Tonight was such a big night, and I wanted a look that felt effortlessly polished. California sleek, if you will.”
Alongside Jennifer and Reese’s nominations, The Morning Show is nominated for Best Drama Series, Best Supporting Actress (for Nicole Beharie, Holland Taylor, Greta Lee, AND Karen Pittman), Best Supporting Actor (for Billy Crudup, Mark Duplas and Jon Hamm), Best Guest Actress in a Drama Series (for Marcia Gay Harden), and Best Directing for a Drama Series (for Mimi Leder).
The Apple TV+ series, which follows the lives of the people behind a broadcast network morning news show, is also nominated for Outstanding Drama Series. Both Aniston and Witherspoon are executive producers.
Jennifer previously posted on social media about the nominations as she thanked fans of the show. She shared a snap of herself hugging her co-star as she wrote: “Happy Sweet 16 indeed!
“I’m so honored and so proud of our show and all of our wildly talented actors, directors and crew! #grateful @televisionacad @themorningshow.”
DON'T MISS...
The Crown to reign supreme over Hollywood one last time at Emmy Awards [NEWS]
Emmy 2024 nominations enrage TV fans as Hollywood A-lister totally ignored [LATEST]
Friends Emmy reunion didn't happen due to 'fresh' Matthew Perry 'pain' [UPDATE]
We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy
Jennifer has also opened up about the bond between her and co-star Reese, as she told ABC host Robin Roberts: “She’s like a sister. Obviously, we love to collaborate; it’s like secondhand when we speak to each other.
“We’re on the same page. We have an exquisite group of producers. We’re really lucky. We really have lucked out.”
The fourth season of the show is currently underway, as showrunner Charlotte Stoudt told Deadline that season 4 will "get into the world of DeepFakes and AI and the misinformation in the fog of war that we’re seeing now in the Middle East and stuff. We’re looking at who can trust. And can you trust what you’re seeing? Can you trust yourself? Can you trust your news outlet?"
This year's Emmy Awards ceremony is hosted by Schitt's Creek actors Dan and Eugene Levy. The father and son duohave not only won over fans for their on-screen characters but for their comedic family bond off camera too. Schitt’s Creek previously won an Emmy Award in 2020, with the pair now leading the ceremony tonight.
Get all the latest news, entertainment, sport and lifestyle updates from our dedicated American team.
Follow Daily Express US on Facebook and Twitter @ExpressUSNews
SEARCH
CONNECT WITH US
TODAY'S PAPER
 See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive.
EXPRESS.CO.UK
Daily Express uses notifications to keep you updated