A resurfaced video of P Diddy talking about "getting girls" with Justin Bieber has resurfaced.
In a throwback clip causing a stir online, Sean Combs is heard hyping up a young Justin Bieber about going "buck full crazy". The video, originally posted on Bieber's YouTube channel back in 2009, has resurfaced amidst new sexual abuse allegations against Diddy, with over 100 individuals allegedly gearing up to sue the rapper for alleged exploitation and sexual misconduct.
Diddy has firmly denied all claims against him. The controversial JB footage shows Diddy boasting about taking Justin under his wing for two days, saying: "He's having 48 hours with Diddy where we hanging out and what we're doing we can't really disclose."
READ MORE: Selena Gomez recalls weird encounter with P Diddy while dating Justin Bieber
READ MORE: Click for more brilliant Daily Star showbiz stories
Although he kept quiet on the specifics, Diddy branded the experience as a "15-year-old's dream" and teased that they were set to "go buck full crazy". Bieber chimed in with: "The next 48 hours let's just go get some girls. Go hang out some."
Diddy appeared chuffed with the teen's comment, responding: "A man after my heart, that's what I'm talking about," followed by an embrace. This video has resurfaced as he faces a federal trial at the Metropolitan Detention Center in Brooklyn.
Combs was arrested on 16 September and the charges made against him include racketeering, sex trafficking and transportation to engage in prostitution. Sean has rejected all allegations.
Diddy's lawyer Erica Wolff has hit back with a steely statement insisting: "As Mr Combs' legal team has emphasized, he cannot address every meritless allegation in what has become a reckless media circus. That said, Mr. Combs emphatically and categorically denies as false and defamatory any claim that he sexually abused anyone, including minors."
"He looks forward to proving his innocence and vindicating himself in court, where the truth will be established based on evidence, not speculation."
The Daily Star is now on WhatsApp and we want you to join us!
Through the app, we'll send you the sassiest showbiz stories, some naught headline and a seismic smattering of aliens...along with the latest breaking news of course.
To join our community, all you have to do to join is click on this link, select 'Join Chat' and you're in!
No one will be able to see who has sign up and no one can send messages except for the Daily Star team. We also treat our community members to competitions, special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners.
If you don’t like our community, you can check out any time you like. To leave our community click on the name at the top of your screen and choose Exit group. If you’re curious, you can read our Privacy Notice.
CLICK HERE TO JOIN
Have you joined Threads? Follow Daily Star to keep up to date on all things showbiz here
Want all the biggest Showbiz and TV news straight to your inbox? Sign up for our free Daily Star Showbiz newsletter
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.