Lady Gaga's "Folie à Deux" song from the "Joker" sequel was also excluded from the Original Song shortlist of contenders.
Arturo Holmes/Getty
 With the release of the Oscars shortlist for Best Original Song, it's a party in the U.S.A. for Diane Warren, Elton John, and Trent Reznor, but not Miley Cyrus.

 Cyrus's Golden Globe-nominated "Beautiful That Way," which closes out Gia Coppola's The Last Showgirl, was conspicuously absent from the list of 15 put out Tuesday by the Academy. Many awards forecasters had the elegiac anthem pegged as a frontrunner for the Best Original Song award. But the Cyrus, Andrew Wyatt, and Lykke Li-penned track was excluded on the shortlist.

 The Last Showgirl is the third feature from Gia Coppola, following 2013's Palo Alto and 2020's Mainstream. It chronicles a brief and momentous period of events in the life of a showgirl whose three-decade career is suddenly coming to an end. The film marks a major career comeback for star Pamela Anderson, who also received an acting nod from the Golden Globes.

 While many songs expected to make the Original Song shortlist did, including Diane Warren's "The Journey," sung by H.E.R. for Tyler Perry's The Six Triple Eight, and Elton John's "Never Too Late," from the documentary of the same name, Cyrus finds herself in good company among the other snubs.

Monica Schipper/Getty
 This Oscar season marked the comeback of another elusive, iconic blonde: Sky Ferreira. The "Everything is Embarrassing" chanteuse hasn't released an album since 2013's Night Time, My Time, but did contribute a song called "Leash" to the Nicole Kidman-starring erotic drama Babygirl. Neither "Leash" nor "Folie à Deux," Lady Gaga's original contribution to the Joker sequel soundtrack, were included on the Academy's shortlist.

 Wicked's successful campaign of global domination couldn't secure "Popular" and "Defying Gravity" a place on the list, because both songs are two decades old, not original to the film.

 Among those that did make the cut are two songs from Jacques Audiard's trans cartel musical Emilia Pérez: "El Mal," sung by Camille, Zoe Saldaña, and Karla Sofia Gascón, and "Mi Camino," sung by Selena Gomez. Trent Reznor and Atticus Ross are up for what would be their first Best Original Song nomination for "Compress/Repress," from Luca Guadagnino’s steamy tennis drama Challengers. The duo previously won Best Original Score for The Social Network and Soul.

 Want more movie news? Sign up for Entertainment Weekly's free newsletter to get the latest trailers, celebrity interviews, film reviews, and more.

 The series of shortlists released today don't extend to acting, but Saoirse Ronan is up for the song "Winter Coat," which she sings in Steve McQueen's WWII drama Blitz. McQueen wrote the song alongside Taura Stinson and Nicholas Britell, who has been nominated three times previously. Lin-Manuel Miranda also vies for an EGOT (again) next year for his Mufasa track "Tell Me It's You," sung by Aaron Pierre and Tiffany Boone. Miranda missed the honor twice previously with original song nominations in 2022 for “Dos Oruguitas” from Encanto and in 2017 for “How Far I’ll Go” from Moana.

 Among the first-time nominees are Maren Morris, for the Wild Robot song "Kiss The Sky"; Lainey Wilson, for her twangy Twisters track "Out of Oklahoma"; and "Harper and Will Go West," written by Sean Douglas and Josh Greenbaum and performed by Kristen Wiig for Will & Harper.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)