Please, please, please explain this outfit.
Selena Gomez wore a puffy pink bunny onesie for Sabrina Carpenter’s “Short n’ Sweet” concert at the Kia Forum in Inglewood, Calif., Monday night, where she was joined by her boyfriend, Benny Blanco, and her little sister, Gracie Elliot Teefey.
The “Calm Down” singer, 32, rocked the cozy zip-up — complete with heart-shaped pockets and floppy bunny ears on the hood — while enjoying the show from a VIP suite at the historic venue.
She completed the perplexing ensemble with white fuzzy slippers and playful pink lens sunglasses.
Blanco, 36, also went for a bundled-up look, sporting a baggy, tie-dye hoodie, cropped black sweatpants and slip-on Birkenstock clogs. 
Thanks to Gomez and Blanco’s VIP connections, the singer’s 11-year-old sibling was able to bring a group of friends along to watch Carpenter’s star-studded show.
“One of my favorite nights for my sissy and her friends,” Gomez wrote via her Instagram Story, along with a photo of Gracie and a pal watching Carpenter’s performance.
The “Only Murders in the Building” actress seems to have a fixation on bunny ears as of late. Just last week, she wore a rabbit-eared top hat in a recent photo shared to Instagram.
And while she didn’t step into the fictional character of the White Rabbit from “Alice in Wonderland” for Halloween, she did channel the beloved role of Alice.
Blanco also joined in on the fun, dressing up as Johnny Depp’s version of the Mad Hatter from the 2010 live-action film.
Gomez and the music producer confirmed their relationship in December 2023 and have been flaunting their love in public and on social media ever since.
The pair seem to be quite serious, as the Grammy-nominated songwriter even admitted that he wants to start a family with the pop star some day.
Gomez, for her part, admitted that she can’t carry her own children due to health problems.
“I unfortunately … have a lot of medical issues that would put my life and the baby’s in jeopardy,” the actress told Vanity Fair in September. “That was something I had to grieve for a while.”
She played coy when asked about her thoughts on Blanco talking about wanting to have kids with her, replying, “I was dying laughing. Like, ‘Anything else you wanted to put out there?’”
Advertisement