All products featured on Vogue are independently selected by our editors. However, we may receive compensation from retailers and/or from purchases of products through these links.
Tonight, actor, singer, beauty entrepreneur, and philanthropist Selena Gomez took to the red carpet at the 2024 Toronto International Film Festival to promote Emilia Pérez. And while her custom Rodarte dress was gorgeous, I would like to take a moment to appreciate the glam.
Created by longtime makeup artist Hung Vanngo and hairstylist Renato Campora, the look, from her glossy subtle wave to the sharp cat liner, is very Old Hollywood film star. Vanngo captured the star applying her lipstick—Rare Beauty’s Kind Words Matte Lipstick in shade Devoted, a true-red with a satiny finish—to finish it off.
All this leads me to my second point: Fans of BookTok have been buzzing since 2022 about the forthcoming Netflix adaptation of Taylor Jenkins Reid’s best-selling book The Seven Husbands of Evelyn Hugo. (For what it’s worth, Reid has a good page-to-screen record: She also wrote Daisy Jones and The Six.) And while the cast is still yet to be announced, I’d like to nominate Gomez to play the central character, Evelyn—a 1950s Latina film star trying to live an authentic life. (Obviously, I can’t tell you more because I don’t want to give the plot away.)
If you haven’t had a chance to read (well, devour) Reid’s book yet, it’s the perfect thing for a rainy day. And until the stars are announced, I’ll have my fingers crossed.
The Naked Manicure Trend Will Be Everywhere This Spring
Victoria Beckham Takes Beauty Inspo From the Olsens
2025’s Trending Eyeliner Flatters Those in Their 20s and 70s Alike
Sign up for Vogue’s beauty newsletter to receive the insider’s guide to all things beauty and wellness.
Never miss a Vogue moment and get unlimited digital access for just $2 $1 per month.
The Vogue Runway app has expanded! Update to the latest version to see all Vogue content, as well as new features like our Runway Genius quiz, Group Chats, and posts from Vogue contributors.
More from Vogue
See More Stories
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Vogue may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
CN Fashion & Beauty