Photo: Getty Images
Selena Gomez's growing net worth has landed her on an exciting new list as her ever-evolving beauty brand and extensive career in entertainment continue to thrive. 
According to US Weekly, the "Only Murders in the Building" actress recently ranked on Bloomberg's 2024 Billionaires Index alongside bestie Taylor Swift for the very first time. The icon, officially "one of the country's youngest women with a 10-figure fortune," has amassed a whopping $1.3 billion during her time in Hollywood and is not slowing down. 
In fact, Gomez is in the process of producing a reboot of beloved 2012 Disney Channel series "Wizards of Waverly Place", out this fall! 
So, what exactly landed the "Come & Get It" songstress on Bloomberg's annual billionaires list? The truth is, Gomez's success can't really be traced back to one venture as the silver screen queen is constantly pursuing new passions that contribute to her wealth. 
The star entered the scene as part of "Barney & Friends" when she was just 10 years old and went on to front "Wizards of Waverly Place", a handful of films including Ramona and Beezus, Monte Carlo, and Spring Breakers, and her very first reality show, Food Network's "Selena + Chef" in 2020, which aired for four seasons. The standout's acting career continues to thrive as "Only Murders in the Building" (in which she stars alongside legends Steve Martin and Martin Short) was just renewed for a fifth season, per Variety. 
Aside from acting, Gomez has released three albums featuring hits like, "Love You Like A Love Song," "Lose You To Love Me," "Same Old Love," and embarked on a worldwide tour in 2016. In addition to music, Gomez became a beauty mogul in 2019 with the creation of makeup brand, Rare Beauty, which continues to bring in an abundance of revenue for the star amid sustained global success. 
And that's not all! 
US Weekly mentioned that a hefty portion of her earnings also come from brand deals with companies like Puma, Louis Vuitton, and Coach.
Congrats, Selena!