Taylor Swift has scrapped her star-studded Fourth of July bash for a very different celebration this year.
The Grammy-winning singer hosted the infamous parties at her £14 million ($17 million) mansion on Rhode Island, and invited her close pals including Selena Gomez, Gigi Hadid, Cara Delevingne to celebrate with her childhood friends for the iconic American holiday. The Cruel Summer hitmaker shared snaps from the celeb-packed parties on social media, and Swifties were excited to see who would make the guest list this year.
Back in 2023, Taylor hosted her Fourth of July bash as a single woman, as she had just broken up with Matty Healy following their whirlwind romance after the end of her six-year relationship with Joe Awlyn. She celebrated singlehood with her close friends, including the HAIM sisters Alana Haim, Danielle Haim and Esté Haim, and the extravagant bash featured pool parties, beach trips and sipping on cocktails.
Her Fourth of July parties have also been witness to Taylor’s dating history over the years. In 2015, Taylor shared snaps of her and then-boyfriend Calvin Harris frolicking around her massive mansion as they celebrated the Fourth of July, despite the DJ hailing from Scotland. And just one year later, Tom Hiddleston confirmed rumours he and Taylor were dating when he was spotted wearing an I Heart T.S t-shirt while partying with his girlfriend’s pals Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds.
This year, however, Taylor’s Fourth of July celebrations will be very different. Swifties were desperate to see Travis Kelce enjoying the festivities at Taylor’s Rhode Island rager, but sadly, the singer will be performing on the latest stop of her massive Eras Tour on July 4 instead. The Fortnight hitmaker is in Amsterdam for a string of sold-out concerts on July 4, 5 and 6, and will have just two days break before heading to Zurich to perform two dates.
Taylor isn’t expected to be joined by her boyfriend Travis at her Amsterdam dates, but the Kansas City Chiefs player surprised his girlfriend by turning up unannounced for her gig in Dublin over the weekend. Travis has been missing some of her Eras tour dates due to commitments back in the US, but he stunned fans when he took to the stage to perform alongside Taylor in London.
Swifties went wild as the NFL star donned a top hat and tails as he carried Taylor across the stage, and he hinted during an episode of his New Heights podcast that he might do it again. “Big shout out to Tay for letting me crash her stage! Who knows, this might not be the last time you see me busting moves out there,” Travis teased. “You guys are just going to have to keep buying those tickets to the Eras Tour to see if I magically appear from under the stage or something.”
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.