She's been bringing the glamour to Cannes.
 Selena Gomez was a glam lady in red at the Cannes Film Festival on Sunday. While promoting her upcoming movie Emilia Pérez, the “Love On” singer has been wowing on the red carpet circuit in diamond pieces and glamorous French Riviera-esque designs. To close out the weekend, Gomez fittingly looked every inch the leading lady at the Emilia Pérez photocall in a scarlet off-the-shoulder dress with floral ruffles that were a subtle nod to the south of France.

Getty Images
 All eyes (and cameras) were on the Disney alum, who gave onlookers a closer look at the intricate layers of ruffles–made out of countless fabric roses all stitched together–that adorned the top of her romantic off-the-shoulder design from Giambattista Valli Haute Couture. The organza embellishments were finished with a silk fitted bodice and a classic flared A-line skirt in the same vibrant hue. Gomez complemented her red carpet outfit with diamond-encrusted statement earrings, a large diamond cocktail ring, and red patent leather pointy-toed stilettos. The Rare Beauty maven went neutral with her hair and makeup, styling her caramel-colored locks in side-parted effortless waves and opting for a nude lip, matching sunset-inspired eyeshadow paired with a subtle black eyeliner, and fluffy soap brows. 

Getty Images
 Just hours earlier, Gomez turned heads in a very different (but equally glam) look that was classic Hollywood to attend the Emilia Pérez premiere on Saturday night. The Saint Laurent black velvet column dress, another off-the-shoulder cut, featured white gathered fabric along the neckline as was paired with an elaborate Bulgari diamond necklace and matching earrings. It was a special evening for the actress, as Gomez was seen tearing up when the movie got a 9-minute-long standing ovation, per Variety. 

Getty Images
 Gomez later took to Instagram to share some behind-the-scenes photos of her glam look. “-Jacques, thank you from the bottom of my heart for believing in me,” she wrote, referring to the film’s director. “@zoesaldana @karsiagascon @edgarramirez25 and every single person apart of this film absolutely blew me away. Love you guys.”

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)