Jaw is on the floor!
Selena Gomez just hit the Emmys red carpet looking absolutely incredible. The Only Murders in the Building star wore a gorgeous nude dress with a dazzling beaded pattern by Oscar de la Renta, which she accessorized with red heels and a sparkling Tiffany & Co. necklace. 
Oh, and P.S. SHE BROUGHT BENNY FREAKIN’ BLANCO TO THE CEREMONY! Ahem:
Kk, now that we’re done collectively freaking out, a few facts: Only Murders is nominated for Best Comedy Series and Best Writing for a Comedy Series, while Martin Short is nominated for Best Actor and Nathan Lane earned a nomination for Best Guest Actor. Unfortunately, Selena didn’t get a Best Actress nomination (and Steve Martin was left off the Best Actor list), but there’s a lot to celebrate!
Selena is coming off last weekend’s Golden Globes, which ended up being a slightly dramatic evening due to everyone lip-reading her conversation with Taylor Swift. TL;DR: Fans were convinced Selena told Taylor that Kylie Jenner wouldn’t let her take a photo with Timothée Chalamet—which Selena shut down on Instagram.
“Nooooo I told Taylor about two of my friends who hooked up,” she wrote in the Instagram comments of a post from E! News. “Not that that’s anyone’s business.”
A source close to Selena also told People that she “was absolutely not referencing anything about Timothée or Kylie” and “never even saw or spoke to them.”
After all this ^, Sel announced that she’s taking a break from social media on her Instagram Stories, sharing a video of her boyfriend Benny Blanco and writing, “I’m off social for a while. I’m focusing on what really matters.”
Keke Palmer Wore Christina Aguilera's 2003 Gown
Every Suuuuper Daring Looks at the VF Oscars Party
Everyone Who Slayed the Vanity Fair Party
Just Megan Thee Stallion in Green Nipple Pasties
Zoë's Oscars Party Dress Has a But Crack Window
Lily-Rose Depp Wears Crop Top to Oscars Party
Lisa Wears an Epic Miss Sohee to VF Oscars Party
Must Discuss Doja Cat's Oscars After Party Look
Mikey Madison Looks Amazing at VF Oscar Party
Madelyn Cline Looks So Cool at the VF Oscar Party
Tate McRae Wears Liquid Silver to VF Oscar Party
Lindsay Lohan Stuns at the VF Oscar Party
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.