By DOMINIQUE HINES 
 Published:  00:49, 5 February 2024   |  Updated:  01:58, 5 February 2024   
 11
View  comments
Victoria Beckham famously fell out with her daughter-in-law Nicola Peltz after she refused to wear a wedding dress designed by the ex-Spice Girl and chose Valentino instead.
But it appears the fashion feud is over after Nicola was wearing head-to-toe Victoria Beckham at the premiere of her new film Lola on Saturday while hugging the former Spice Girl on the red carpet.
Victoria, 49, stepped out to support her daughter-in-law at the premiere hosted at the Regency Bruin Theatre in Los Angeles and wrote on her Instagram: ‘We could not be more proud of you!’
‘Congratulations on your incredible film, Lola. officially in theatres on February 9th!
‘Nicola in custom Victoria Beckham tailoring, I’m wearing my tux suit coming soon.’
Victoria Beckham stepped out to support her daughter-in-law Nicola Peltz at the premiere of her new film Lola on Saturday
Nicola, 29, was also joined by husband Brooklyn (far right)
The 29-year-old actress, who was also joined by her husband Brooklyn and her actress pal Selena Gomez, donned a white corset top and a pair of low-waist trousers from Beckham’s upcoming spring-summer collection.
She draped an arm over the shoulders of her mother-in-law, who in turn held her hand.
Meanwhile, Victoria looked stylish in a dark navy oversized tuxedo-style jacket complete with satin navy strips on her ankle-cut pencil trousers.
The Daily Mail revealed the pair had recently resolved their issues over vodka, cocktails and card games.
Brooklyn, 24, who married Peltz in April 2022, said: ‘We love Sunday roasts. Me and my dad share a bottle of wine. My mum and Nicola share vodka Snapple.
‘We don’t really watch TV - we just talk and just have fun. It’s just about being in the moment, having a drink, eating food and enjoying each other’s company. We sometimes play games. My wife introduced my family to this game called Fish Bowl which we love to play at gatherings.’
‘My mum and dad really like it, we played it a couple of weeks ago when we were together.’
Brooklyn, 24 married Peltz in April 2022
Victoria looked stylish in a dark navy oversized tuxedo-style jacket complete with satin navy strips on her ankle-cut pencil trousers
The disagreement between the two women was said to have been a result of Nicola choosing to wear a custom-made Valentino wedding dress and not one designed by her mother-in-law for her and Brooklyn’s £2.3 million Miami wedding.
The daughter of the American billionaire businessman Nelson Peltz was due to wear a dress made by Victoria but at the eleventh hour reportedly picked the Valentino one instead.
She also snubbed the Beckhams by not placing them at the top table during the reception.
A source told the Mail: ‘There was a feeling that the wedding was all about the Peltz family, as you can imagine, as it was their house and their daughter and their son making the speeches.’

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group