Whether you're going to work or attending an event, add these loafers to your shopping list. Get them now for less.

													By
												

	Lilian Gonzalez


	All products and services featured are independently chosen by editors. However, Billboard may receive a commission on orders placed through its retail links, and the retailer may receive certain auditable data for accounting purposes.

Dr. Martens have become fashion staples for celebrities such as Olivia Rodrigo, Selena Gomez, Dua Lipa, and many others. If you’re looking to elevate your style, consider adding these Doc Martens smooth tassel loafers ($150) to your cart. 






	
	
		
					Explore		
	





		Explore	

















	
		
					Billboard		
					


See latest videos, charts and news



See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	These classic shoes feature a sleek design, making them the perfect addition to your wardrobe. Whether you’re dressing up for a special occasion or keeping it casual on the weekend, these loafers are a great way to start.




			Trending on Billboard		








	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					This $18 Fridge Magnet Can Be Personalized With Your Favorite Song (And Actually Play It)		
	



	05/02/2025	







	For those in search of a versatile pair of shoes, you’re in the right place. Doc Martens can be styled with jeans, skirts or any outfit of your choice. Its slip-on style is also convenient and ideal for effortless wear.

	










	This fashion-forward item is a perfect way to channel your inner-pop star. Scroll down and add these affordable must-have items to your cart.

	If you’re still on the fence about purchasing your black polished pair, check out the reviews. A Doc Martens customer wrote, “Bouncy soles, premium leather, maximum comfort, super stylish. Automatically my favorite shoe in my closet… even without the socks they fit perfectly…”

	Another customer stated, “After searching for a rugged, versatile loafer and reading tons of reviews, I took a chance on ordering the Adrian tassle loafer online. I’m glad I did as their simple elegance and high-quality leather are timeless.”

	For those looking to change up your style and diversify your loafer collection, consider these Coach Leah Loafers in silver metallic. 

	With these Olivia Rodrigo-approved loafers, you too can add your own creative spin to your outfit with this distinctive pair. Hurry though: Only sizes 5-6 are available. Originally priced at $225, you can get yours at only $112.50, and save up to 50 percent.

	If you’re looking for an alternative option, consider adding these cute Dr. Martens Adrian Virginia Leather Tassel Loafers. According to a Doc Martens customer, “They are a great loafers for anyone wanting a classic look.” This pair was originally priced at $150, but if you get them now for just $99, you can save up to $51. 

	For more product recommendations, check out this list of celebrity-approved Doc Martens, alternative platform ankle boots to add to your list, and best pleated skirts to put together your next outfit.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.