ByToni Fitzgerald
ByToni Fitzgerald,
 Senior Contributor. 
Y’lan Noel in Apple TV+'s "Lady in the Lake," one of the most-anticipated shows debuting this ... More summer.
Summer entertainment has a reputation for being mindless fun. Think frothy romance novels in your beach bag, explosion-driven blockbusters at the movie theater and mindless teen bops on the radio.
But actor Y’lan Noel, up to now best known for his work on HBO’s hit comedy Insecure, argues that there’s room for substance in the summer, too. He argues that Apple TV+’s Lady in the Lake, his new show exploring heavy themes including racism and women’s ambition in the 1960s, is a good complement to traditional summer fare.
“It’s summertime, so I know people want to be outside. But this show is so beautiful visually, and it is so many things at once—a murder mystery, a noir, a thriller, sometimes a horror story—that I think it will make people want to sit down inside and stay in their seats,” says Noel.
Natalie Portman stars as Maddie Schwartz, a housewife craving more to her existence in 1966 Baltimore. She leaves her husband to pursue a career as a newspaper reporter, keying in on the disappearance of a young white girl and a Black woman, whose stories are given very different levels of attention by the media.
Noel, who is Black, plays a policeman who enters a controversial-for-the-time relationship with Portman. The limited series is based on the bestselling Laura Lippman book of the same name.
Noel says he was drawn to the project by the morals and values he saw in his character, which he admired. He also jumped at the chance to work with Alma Har'el, whose work he had long admired.
To get into character, Noel listened to music from the 1960s and used a dialect coach to help him mimic speech patterns of the time. Looking around at the ‘60s-era cars, hairstyles and costumes also helped establish the time period.
While summer entertainment doesn’t always teach lessons, Noel hopes this show gets people thinking.
“Our lead characters are two women from completely different backgrounds, but through them pursuing their dreams, we get to see that they are more alike than different,” Noel says. “I’d like to see people coming away from the show thinking about that—about how similar we are versus how different.”
If you’re curious on how to watch Lady in the Lake, it premieres on July 19 on Apple TV+.
Serena Williams of The United States celebrates victory during the Ladies Singles second round match ... More against Christina McHale of the United States on day five of the Wimbledon Lawn Tennis Championships at the All England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club on July 1, 2016 in London, England.
Here are nine other notable new shows coming to streaming platforms in July and August.
It speaks to the longevity, dominance and sheer will of Venus and Serena Williams that 2024 marked the first year since 1996—a nearly three-decade run—that one of the two did not play at Wimbledon.
Serena looks back on her incredible career, including 14 doubles titles with Venus at Wimbledon and an Open Era-record 23 Grand Slam titles, in this eight-part docuseries from director Gotham Chopra and co-director Lauren Fisher.
How to watch In the Arena: Serena Williams: ESPN+, premiering on July 18
The six-season arc featuring warring dojos and the personal sparring between original Karate Kid foes Daniel (Ralph Macchio) and Johnny (William Zabka) —whose on-again, off-again bromance will take center stage in this final go-round. The producers have said this last season won’t have crossover with the new Karate Kid movie, which Macchio is making with Jackie Chan (who starred in the 2010 Kid remake).
How to watch Cobra Kai Season 6, Part 1: Netflix, premiering on July 18
Gladiator II isn’t the only drama set in the world of Roman spectacle that will bow in 2024.
Peacock’s new series follows the business side of the ancient tradition of gladiatorship, showing the tolls it took to entertain the crowds and spilling the right amount of blood. Anthony Hopkins lends star power to the cast, and Roland Emmerich and Marco Kreuzpaintner serve as co-directors.
How to watch Those About to Die: Peacock, premiering on July 18
Gen X rejoice, there’s another remake of a seminal if strange cult hit from your childhood days. Apple TV+ reboots the 1981 Terry Gilliam film about a tween history buff who takes up with four time-jumping bandits out to steal famous leaders’ loot.
Gilliam has a hand in the remake, along with Taika Waititi (Thor: Ragnorak) and Jemaine Clement (Flight of the Conchords). Lisa Kudrow also stars.
How to watch Time Bandits: Apple TV+, premiering on July 24
When Max canceled this series, Prime Video hopped in to rescue it. Executive producers J.J. Abrams, Matt Reeves and Bruce Timm pick up the famed story of Bruce Wayne the first year into his transformation into Batman. Hamish Linklater voices the hero, who will battle with many comic book favorites this season, including Catwoman, Two Face and Harley Quinn.
How to watch Batman: Caped Crusader: Prime Video, premiering on Aug. 1
Britne Oldford, Jake Epstein, Justin H. Min, Genesis Rodriguez, Cazzie David and Justin Cornwell ... More attend the "Umbrella Academy" season three Netflix screening at The London West Hollywood at Beverly Hills.
The highly anticipated fourth and final season of The Umbrella Academy sees the heroes trying to save the world once again. This time they’re battling not just villains but a timeline reset and a scary loss of powers for some of the group.
The last season has only six episodes, four fewer than previous ones. David Cross and real-life married couple Nick Offerman and Megan Mullally join the cast for this last run.
How to watch The Umbrella Academy: Netflix, premiering on Aug. 8
The buzz around this HBO drama series has grown steadily as it enters its third season. It has drawn comparisons to Succession for its sharp writing and plotlines about competitive infighting among employees at one of the premier banks in London.
Industry will air eight episodes in season three, as the bankers take a flier on ethical investing courtesy of a green tech energy company up for an IPO.
How to watch Industry: Max, premiering on Aug. 11
Everyone’s favorite amateur podcasters—Mabel (Selena Gomez), Charles (Steve Martin) and Oliver (Martin Short)—quite literally take their show on the road, heading to Hollywood to explore an offer to turn their hit program into a movie. Of course, someone gets killed, and of course, the three BFFs must investigate.
Meryl Street will return as Loretta Durkin, a veteran actress and Oliver’s love interest, along with a new roster of high-power guest stars, including Eugene Levy, Melissa McCarthy, Molly Shannon, Zack Galifianakis, Kumail Nanjiani, Eva Longoria and Richard Kind
How to watch Only Murders in the Building: Hulu, premiering on Aug. 27
This Lord of the Rings remake received mixed audience reaction for season one, but it returns with greater confidence and a better sense of urgency in season two. The showrunners said they felt they were laying the foundation for the five-season arc in season one and that they have read online comments and plan to adapt some things accordingly.
How to watch Lord of the Rings: The Rings of Power: Prime Video, premiering on Aug. 29