Manage your account
EDITED BY MICHELLE PRADO, COMMERCE CONTENT DIRECTOR Promotions listed were available when the article was published. Find more Amazon Prime Day Deals here.
We like to shop like our favorite celebrities do year-round! But we especially like to stock up on their top recommendations when Amazon Prime Day rolls around. And now that it’s officially here, taking place between July 16 and 17, we’re getting our carts cleared and credit cards ready. This year, Amazon dropped prices on all of our celeb-favorites, spanning across categories like fashion, beauty, home, wellness and more. And while there are likely hundreds of things celebrities have shopped, ordered and loved on Amazon (they’re just like Us), we rounded up our top picks to help you sift through all of the madness. That means that whether you’ve been wanting Martha Stewart’s favorite kitchen mixer or Jennifer Garner’s favorite moisturizer, you can now save some major dollars.
Fashion
Top-Tier T-Shirt: From Taylor Swift to Katie Holmes, Madewell has a long list of celebrity fans, and now you can get this cotton cropped T-shirt from the brand while it’s on sale.
Love Their Levi’s: Stars like Syndey Sweeney love their Levi’s, just like these 501 shorts that the actress wore a time or two.
Unrivaled Comfort: Jennifer Garner wears Brooks running shoes like this pair that’s now marked down.
It’s in the Bag: A-Listers like Selena Gomez and Jennifer Lopez have all been spotted wearing Coach bags like this sleek tote.
Beauty
Major Deal! Keep your face as hydrated and plump as Jennifer Garner’s with the Neutrogena Hydro Boost Face Moisturizer.
Deep Clean Machine: Kim Kardashian, Kate Bosworth and Chrissy Teigen are just a few of the celebrities who use the on-sale Foreo Luna Cleansing Brush & Firming Face Massager to clean the dirt from their pores.
Maximized Moisturizer: The Olay Regenerist Micro-Sculpting Cream is Tiffani Thiessen’s beauty secret for looking fabulous at 50.
Your Best Hair Day: Celebs like Ashley Graham have been spotted using the Dyson Airstraight Straightener to get a salon-worthy look.
Wellness
Trusty Tracker: Jennifer Aniston and Gwyneth Paltrow have both been known to use the Fitbit Tracker, which you can now score on sale.
Rest and Relaxation: Get a massage in the comfort of your own home with this on-sale Kyle Richards-loved massager that works on both the neck and back.
Fitness Fanatics: In an invite-only deal, you can now score a Peloton Indoor Exercise Bike, used by the likes of stars like Miley Cyrus and Kate Hudson on a major discount.
Yummy Gummies: Nicole Richie and Olivia Culpo have both been known to take Olly Gummies to get their daily dose of multivitamins.
Home
Must-Have Mixer: There’s no bigger stamp of approval on home products than when Martha Stewart gives one out. That’s exactly what she did for the KitchenAid Stand Mixer.
Simple Slow Cooker: Chrissy Teigen and Hailey Bieber have both made meals using the Instant Pot 9-in-1 Electric Pressure Cooker that’s now marked down for Prime Day.
Cue the Coffee! Helping them get their daily dose of espresso, both Emma Roberts and Sofia Vergara use the Breville Barista Express Espresso Machine.
Best of Blankets: A-listers like Kate Hudson, Jennifer Garner and Reese Witherspoon have all been said to cuddle up with the Barefoot Dreams CozyChic Blanket.