You know Zoe Saldaña’s work. You’ve seen her as the deadly warrior Gamora in the Guardians of the Galaxy films and/or the blue Na’vi Neytiri in the Avatar movies and/or the strong-willed communications officer Uhura in the Star Trek franchise. She’s one of the highest grossing actresses of all time, with her movies earning more than $15 billion worldwide. But this year, this sci-fi queen shed the extraterrestrial makeup and intergalactic travel for a riveting, and much more vulnerable performance in Jacques Audiard’s audacious crime musical Emilia Pérez.
Saldaña plays Rita Moro Castro, an overworked attorney who is recruited by a cartel boss who wants to fake his death so he can live as a woman. She delivers a fearless performance that showcases her signature physicality (she was a dancer growing up in New York and the Dominican Republic), as she dances and sings her way through the Spanish-language film. Her work earned her and her costars—Karla Sofía Gascón, Selena Gomez, and Adriana Paz—the best actress award at the Cannes Film Festival in May. “When we heard all of our names called out, it was definitely one of those surreal experiences that I wouldn’t be able to [replay it in my mind] if I tried,” she says. “It happened in the moment. I was so present.”
Saldaña, who is married to Italian artist Marco Perego with whom she has three sons, couldn’t pick up the award in person because she was in Texas filming the second season of her Paramount+ TV series, Lioness. But it was just the first of many accolades coming her way as she forgoes CGI-worlds and sci-fi makeup in a journey back to her roots. We’re thrilled to have Saldaña as part of our 2025 Hollywood Issue. Here are excerpts from a conversation.
Vanity Fair: How were you approached about Emilia Pérez? I imagine on paper it’s a pretty bold and risky project to take on, exploring a trans story through a musical.
Zoe Saldaña: They described the film to me as a crime musical that was going to be in Spanish, and it was going to have elements of drama and noir and comedy. You just say yes to all of that because all you hear and all you want to hear is “Jacques Audiard.” I’ve been a fan of his work since I was very young. I remember, just as a New Yorker, I would just go to the Angelika or the Sunshine Theaters and buy my big-ass latte and just sit there and watch his movie. But what I loved about how he was describing the movie to me—it just felt provocative, audacious, original, and operatic, of course. It’s very dramatic. It’s almost like a novella.
Obviously, I was concerned at first, but only for a nanosecond. We’re living in an era where everybody tends to be immediately persecuted in the court of public opinion. How is this not going to get lost? How is this going to really land? Because it feels important. And Jacques was always like, “We don’t worry about that. You just tell the story. And you are loyal to the truth.” And I trusted that.
Between the singing and the dancing and the acting, did any of it feel overwhelming?
No, I mean life has always been overwhelming for me. I suffer from anxiety. I’m finally coming to terms with it. It was stressful in theory, but almost like you get out of your head and you’re in your body and you’re in your heart and you’re in these people’s lives. I just didn’t want to be in my head. Last summer when we were shooting, I was like, “All I do, half of my life, is I live in my head, and I’m always hosting and fostering this anxiety.” I just don’t want to do it. It also gave me an opportunity to reconnect with a part of me that had been so normal for so long, but that was half a lifetime ago. I was yearning to experience that again.
It’s interesting that your first film role was Center Stage, which was tied to your dance experience. And now you’re using it again so many years later. Did that feel poetic to you?
It was beautiful to reconnect to a part of me that allowed me to use so many parts of me to make my art. It gave me a deeper sense of proprietorship over the work that I do as opposed to feeling like an element—just one element out of all things that put a piece of art together. I hear Karla saying, “I’m really proud of the role, the work that I did as Emilia and Manita,” and that feels wonderful because I’ve never really said that about myself. And looking at the movie, I think it’s the first time in a very, very long time that I just feel like I held my own. I’m proud of the decisions that I made and how I brought her to life.
What was it like to act in Spanish?
If you live a day in the life of my crazy circus of a household, English is probably a language that we use when the kids are out of school. When the kids are in school, everybody goes back to their child language, and the language that was first spoken to me—that was sung to me, that I received love in—was Spanish. I do become a different person. I use different tones in my voice when I speak Spanish. So it felt wonderful. It felt like going home.
Lioness is a big TV series, which means you had to sign on for several seasons and it can take up a lot of time. What made you feel like you had room for that in your life right now?
I wish it was the fact that I had room in my life [laughs]. I signed up for three seasons at least, and so you do have a sort of contractual obligation to fulfill, but Lioness isn’t that only. Lioness has been a journey that has given me the opportunity to collaborate with a different type of filmmaker. Taylor Sheridan is sort of like this cowboy that lives on his own off the grid, and that makes a lot of us curious. Either you get the cadence of his writing and the themes that he wants to always talk about, or you don’t.
When he called me four years ago and sent me the pilot of season one, I was scared because English is not my first language. I’m incredibly dyslexic, very insecure, and I suffer from a lot of anxiety, so memorizing large quantities of dialogue was always a very stressful thing. It was easier for me to read pages upon pages of directions of a character and then try to fit this character in my body, in my breathing, and in the way that this character is receiving all the information from its environment. I feel like I’m much more of a reactionary artist. To be the one that takes action, that drives the dialogue—that was scary. But I’d never done that, so how do I know that I’m not going to be good at it if I’ve never really been given the opportunity? So I took it and I trusted. I know now that I can’t play a lot of things like just someone’s girlfriend or just someone’s something. I can’t play that—I don’t know how to.
This content can also be viewed on the site it originates from.
Is that a recent realization or something you’ve always known?
It’s always been there, I just never said it out loud because when a woman is strong and outspoken, she’s usually punished. That’s the way I’ve always carried myself even in my life, but I realized very early on that you still needed to act submissive and happy. And that’s not to say that I’m not outspoken. I can’t really help myself, but I’ve learned to also be quiet and take in and observe and learn, and allow the actions that take place before me to also guide me, as opposed to me being the one that’s guiding. If I don’t know what I’m doing, why the fuck am I leading, you know?
Was there a time in your career where you had to push past people’s expectations of you?
Oh my God, of course—I’m a brown girl from Queens. I was never written into any traditional textbook. I was always vacillating with those realities, those truths. It wasn’t always only because I was of color or a woman. Sometimes it was because he met this other actress and he really wants to go with her, or “this is a very specific story about his life or her life and blah, blah, blah….” But after a while, when you just hear that repeatedly, you begin to wonder: “I know they’re good people, but does that mean that they’re open enough to tell the story?” And when I came up with the answer being no, then I wasn’t afraid because it wasn’t about me. It was never about me at all. I’d rather find people along my path that are more aligned with me.
You’ve been in some of the most successful movie franchises in history and played iconic characters. But did being in those projects ever create barriers for you with other opportunities?
They did in the sense that my time was very much consumed in the franchises and the scheduling of these franchises, whilst starting a family, still living my life and growing. And so that became difficult. But in terms of the amplification it allowed my name to [be heard] worldwide, that only benefited me—to be considered as an asset for other projects, for other filmmakers. Sometimes the opportunity was there, but I couldn’t take it because of scheduling. It became a little frustrating, but the moment I would go to work, even if I was doing part two, part three, working with amazing filmmakers and back with the same cast, I was grateful. Always.
Do you view wrapping up Guardians as the closing of a chapter in your career?
Maybe. I can’t ever say that I won’t ever go to space. I love being in space. I would like to just be a human in space. I don’t see myself going through the three to four hours every morning of makeup. I’m so concerned about just the chemicals and stuff that you’re putting into your system for long periods of time, because we shoot these films in a period of five months. But I love science fiction.
What’s next for you?
I would say everything. Why not? I’m a Gemini, so I never know what I really, really want. But for some reason, unconsciously, I’m always waking up every morning and walking toward it. So I am going to trust that.
This interview has been edited and condensed for clarity. For fashion and beauty details, go to VF.com/credits.
The 31st Annual Hollywood Portfolio
Zendaya on Acting With Tom Holland: “It’s Actually Strangely Comfortable”
Glen Powell’s Secret: “I Try to Think Audience First, Rather Than Me First”
Nicole Kidman on Babygirl, Losing Her Mother, and a “Terrifying” New Role
Zoe Saldaña Won’t Quit Sci-Fi, but She “Would Like to Just Be a Human in Space”
Now Reading
Dev Patel on Monkey Man and Tiny Cars
Sydney Sweeney on Producing and Misconceptions: “I Don’t Get to Control My Image”
Josh O’Connor on That Sex Scene With Zendaya and Mike Faist—and Ceramics
Jonathan Bailey: “Probably People Would Always Have Said I Was Quite Naughty”
Danielle Deadwyler on Ancestors, Oppression, and Bringing the Past to Light
Lisa on The White Lotus and Looking Out on an “Ocean” of K-Pop Fans
Ncuti Gatwa: “I Like to Think of Myself as Madonna. I’m Still Reinventing Myself!”
Bill Skarsgård on Remaking Nosferatu and the Pressure of “F--king With a Masterpiece”
More from Vanity Fair
Contact
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Vanity Fair may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
CN Entertainment