Ex-senior constable is accused of murdering Jesse Baird and Luke Davies with his service weapon
The court case of a former police officer accused of killing a Sydney couple has been delayed for nearly three months to give his new taxpayer-funded defence more time to prepare.
Beaumont Lamarre-Condon, 29, was charged with double murder after police found the bodies of Qantas flight attendant Luke Davies, 29, and TV presenter Jesse Baird, 26, in February.
Lamarre-Condon’s high-profile defence lawyer John Walford was replaced by Legal Aid representation in early November.
On Tuesday, the ex-officer’s lawyer submitted a 50-page-long affidavit in Sydney’s Downing Centre’s local court, asking for a 12-week extension of time.
“There’s a very lengthy affidavit with annexures that have been tendered,” magistrate David Covington said.
Sign up for Guardian Australia’s breaking news email
“It explains the reasons as to why such an adjournment is required but in essence, the matter has only quite recently been to Legal Aid after a senior public defender was allocated.”
Covington said expert reports were required and were not available.
Prosecutors initially opposed an application for an adjournment in early November after Lamarre-Condon’s lawyers said they could not get the accused murderer assessed by a forensic psychiatrist until 2025.
They claimed it was not clear all efforts had been made to find a specialist.
But prosecutors did not oppose Tuesday’s application and the magistrate granted the adjournment until 4 February.
Lamarre-Condon, who is in custody, is alleged to have shot the men with his service weapon at Baird’s inner-city home before attempting to dispose of their bodies.
Police allege the attack was premeditated after a months-long campaign of “predatory behaviour” targeting Baird, who Lamarre-Condon briefly dated and who was in a new relationship with Davies.
Sign up to Breaking News Australia
Get the most important news as it breaks
after newsletter promotion
The former senior constable is facing two counts of domestic violence-related murder and one count of break and enter with intent to commit an indictable offence.
Suspicions were raised after possessions belonging to the men were found in a skip bin in the southern Sydney suburb of Cronulla, leading police to Baird’s blood-smeared share house in Paddington.
The couple’s bodies were found on 27 February inside surfboard bags at the fence line of a rural property in Bungonia, near Goulburn, about 200km southwest of Sydney.
Lamarre-Condon was sacked by the New South Wales police force in mid-March.
He joined the force in 2019 and previously ran a celebrity blog, posing in photos with dozens of A-listers including Taylor Swift, Selena Gomez, Katy Perry, Miley Cyrus and Harry Styles.