Justin Bieber found “Somebody to Love.”
The singer and Hailey Bieber had an on-again, off-again relationship before their whirlwind engagement and marriage in 2018.
Six years later, the couple renewed their vows and revealed that their first baby is on the way.
Justin has been vocal about his desire to become a father over the years — but told “Ellen DeGeneres Show” viewers in 2021 that his wife was “not ready” for motherhood.
“I’m going to have as many as Hailey is willing to push out,” he said at the time. “I’d love to have myself a little tribe.”
Now that the pair are starting a family, revisit their road to romance.
Hailey was 12 when she met a 15-year-old Justin backstage at the “Today” show in October 2009 with her dad, Stephen Baldwin.
The future couple’s handshake was caught on camera at the time.
Hailey clarified to Vogue in her March 2019 cover story that she was “never a superfan,” claiming, “It was never that crazed, screaming thing. I didn’t think about it in any kind of way except for the fact that he was cute.”
Hailey also told the magazine that Justin became her “best guy friend” and “homie” after they reconnected at Hillsong Church in 2014 — while the Grammy winner notably was on a break from his eight-year relationship with Selena Gomez.
The duo denied “crazy” dating rumors in December 2014, with Justin telling his Instagram followers that he was “super single.”
Hailey confirmed that they were “nothing more” than pals in an E! News interview that same month.
Hailey joined Justin and his family on a Mexico vacation in December 2015.
Later that same month, the “Baby” singer posted a photo of himself kissing the former ballerina at Leonardo DiCaprio’s New Year’s Eve party.
They spent the same holiday together the previous year.
Hailey broke her silence on relationship rumors in February 2016, clarifying to E! News that she and Justin were “not an exclusive couple.”
That same month, he told GQ that he “didn’t want to hurt” Hailey.
“What if Hailey ends up being the girl I’m gonna marry?” Justin asked. “If I rush into anything, if I damage her, then it’s always gonna be damaged. It’s really hard to fix wounds like that.”
Although it is unclear when they broke up, Justin had moved on with Sofia Richie by that summer.
After his fling with Richie, as well as a months-long reunion with Gomez, Justin and Hailey publicly reunited in June 2018.
The pair rekindled their romance at a Miami church conference, with Hailey telling Vogue she was “past the drama” and “gave him a hug.”
“By the end of the conference, he was like, ‘We’re not going to be friends,'” she recalled — and sure enough, the couple showed PDA all month in Florida and New York.
The lovebirds were on a Bahamas trip in July 2018 when Justin got down on one knee and proposed with a massive oval-cut diamond ring.
The groom-to-be confirmed the engagement via Instagram, gushing, “Hailey I am soooo in love with everything about you! So committed to spending my life getting to know every single part of you loving you patiently and kindly.
“My heart is COMPLETELY and FULLY YOURS and I will ALWAYS put you first! You are the love of my life.”
News broke two months later that Justin and Hailey had obtained their marriage license.
The couple wed in a New York City courthouse in September 2018.
The bride was quick to trademark her married name and changed her last name on Instagram from Baldwin to Bieber.
The couple told their Instagram followers in April 2019 that they were pregnant — but the announcement was an April Fool’s joke.
Justin later apologized for the fake-out amid backlash.
“I didn’t at all mean to be insensitive to people who can’t have children,” he wrote at the time. “I will … take responsibility and say sorry to people who were offended.”
Justin and Hailey got married again in September 2019, this time in front of their loved ones.
The ceremony took place in South Carolina and was attended by Kendall Jenner, Jaden Smith and more A-list pals.
The bride’s dress was designed by Off-White and featured a massive train embroidered with “‘TIL DEATH DO US PART.”
Justin posted a touching Instagram tribute for their second anniversary in September 2020.
“I am so lucky to be YOUR husband! You teach me so much everyday and make me such a better man,” he wrote to his “beautiful sweet girl.”
Hailey commented on the lengthy upload, calling Justin her “person.”
Hailey and Justin both opened up about the difficulties of married life in 2021, with Justin telling GQ in May they experienced a “lack of trust” during a “really tough” first year as husband and wife.
His partner admitted to Ellen DeGeneres that November that she was taking their union “one day at a time” and “learning a lot.”
She also spoke about Justin’s sobriety and mental health struggles on the “In Good Faith” podcast, noting she would not “give up on him.”
Hailey gave an update on the couple’s pregnancy plans during a February 2022 interview with WSJ. magazine.
After clarifying that they “definitely” would not conceive anytime soon, she shared a desire to “try … in the next couple of years.”
The former “Drop the Mic” host added, “But there’s a reason they call it try, right? You don’t know how long that process is ever going to take.”
In addition to celebrating their fourth anniversary in September 2022, Justin and Hailey made headlines when she shared their favorite sex position on “Call Her Daddy.”
Hailey gushed about doggy-style and nixed the idea of doing a threesome.
She also clarified to podcast listeners that she never “stole” her husband from Gomez, alleging that Justin had closed that “chapter” before they got back together.
Hailey spoke more about a possible pregnancy in a May 2023 Sunday Times interview, saying she wanted a baby “so bad” but was “scared.”
She explained, “It’s enough that people say things about my husband or my friends. I can’t imagine having to confront people saying things about a child.
“We can only do the best we can to raise them. As long as they feel loved and safe.”
Justin honored five years of marriage in September 2023 with a lengthy Instagram post.
“To the most precious, my beloved. 5 years. You have captivated my heart,” he wrote alongside photos of his wife. “I know from the depths of my soul down to my bones that this journey with you will only exceed our wildest expectations.”
He concluded, “So let’s keep dreaming big baby. Cheers to forever and ever. I love you with every fiber of my being.”
Hailey revealed her baby bump in May 2024 while sharing footage from her and Justin’s vow renewal in Hawaii.
She wore a sheer Saint Laurent dress for the ceremony, also rocking a new Tiffany & Co. ring to match her husband’s band.
After the “One Less Lonely Girl” singer’s mom accidentally started a rumor that her son was expecting multiple babies, Pattie Mallette clarified, “No not twins lol I wish. I just mean in general. Hopefully they will have more than one eventually.”
Hailey welcomed her first son, Jack Blues, with Justin in August 2024.
“WELCOME HOME,” the pop star captioned a photo of the newborn’s feet shared via Instagram. 
At the time, sources told People that the new parents were “both overjoyed” by their son’s arrival. 
The couple have shied away from sharing Jack’s face on social media.
Advertisement