Former first lady Michelle Obama’s voter mobilization group is pulling out all the stops to get people to vote, including putting registered voters in a sweepstakes to win a trip to see Cardi B perform at ONE Musicfest in Atlanta, Georgia. 
When We All Vote, launched in 2018 by Obama and a mix of celebrities and athletes, will be throwing around 500 early voting celebrations across the nation in the weeks leading up to the election. 
These celebrations are organized through the group’s Party at the Polls program and will provide people with free events with entertainment and food, all with the goal of turning voting into a “celebration.”
“At When We All Vote, we believe that voting should be joyful and using our voices at the polls is truly something to celebrate,” When We All Vote Executive Director Beth Lynk said in a statement. “The election doesn’t start on Election Day — it ends on Election Day. Through our Parties at Polls, we encourage and celebrate early voting.” 
In the battleground state of Arizona, organizers have gone all out to ensure the best talent is at their parties. On Saturday, actor Mark Ruffalo, joined by the Native American advocacy group Protect the Sacred, will be at a 5K walk in Window Rock, Arizona. A drag show titled “Drag Out The Vote” will be hosted in Las Vegas with RuPaul’s Drag Race alum Plasma on Oct. 29.
Philadelphia voters will have a block party to look forward to on Oct. 19. 
Party at the Polls held socially distanced celebrations ahead of the 2020 election and hosted parties during the 2022 midterm elections. 
Co-chairs to Obama’s organization include Tom Hanks, Jennifer Lopez, Steph Curry, Selena Gomez, and Shonda Rhimes.
CLICK HERE TO READ MORE FROM THE WASHINGTON EXAMINER
In July, Obama, along with her husband, former President Barack Obama, endorsed Vice President Kamala Harris for president after President Joe Biden dropped out of the race.
Michelle Obama spoke at the Democratic National Convention, declaring that Harris “is more than ready for this moment.”