News
Article
Author(s):
From the Duchess of York receiving a skin cancer diagnosis to Selena Gomez contacting a fan with stage 4 disease, here’s what is happening in the oncology space this week. 
Sarah Ferguson, the Duchess of York, was diagnosed with skin cancer.
Sarah Ferguson, an extended member of the British royal family and former wife of Prince Andrew, Duke of York, was diagnosed with skin cancer, according to a statement obtained by PEOPLE.
“Following her diagnosis with an early form of breast cancer this summer, Sarah, Duchess of York has now been diagnosed with malignant melanoma,” the statement said of Ferguson, who is 64 years old.
While undergoing reconstructive surgery after a mastectomy, Ferguson had multiple moles removed and tested by a dermatologist — one of which came back as cancerous, according to the statement. She is undergoing treatment in London, and plans to recover at the MAYRLIFE clinic, which is a medical health resort in Austria, according to PEOPLE.
“The Duchess wants to thank the entire medical team which has supported her, particularly her dermatologist whose vigilance ensured the illness was detected when it was,” the statement said. “She believes her experience underlines the importance of checking the size, shape, color and texture and emergence of new moles that can be a sign of melanoma.”
Kirian Rodríguez opened up about his cancer experience.
Kirian Rodríguez, a midfielder for the Las Palmas professional soccer team, opened up about his experience with Hodgkin lymphoma.
In August 2022, Kirian Rodríguez, a midfielder for the Las Palmas professional soccer team (European football), announced that he had been diagnosed with Hodgkin lymphoma, and was taking some time off playing before hopefully returning to the field. Then, in January 2023 — less than a year after being diagnosed — Rodríguez received the all-clear to play again.
He recently told ESPN, "I've been getting a lot of messages of thanks lately, not because of football, but because of the illness. For being an inspiration to people who might decide to stop fighting when really, they could get through it."
Rodríguez explained that his parents were with him when he received the diagnosis.
"In that moment (of diagnosis), my parents were there with me," Rodriguez tells ESPN. "It was a difficult moment for them, seeing their faces. Older people associate cancer with death. In the old days it was like that. Nowadays, thank God, medicine has advanced a lot. I mainly took it as a positive: just tell me what it is, so that we can deal with it. My thought from the beginning was: let's fight it.
Selena Gomez responded on social media to a fan with cancer.
A 22-year-old named Timothy Bobrovitsky has been using the social media platform, TikTok, to chronicle his experience with stage 4 cancer. On Sunday, he asked his followers to help him reach actress Selena Gomez.
“I have stage 4 cancer in my lungs and my leg and everywhere else. I really need your help to make my childhood dreams come true,” he said. “One of my bucket list items since having cancer has always been to either meet Selena Gomez … even if she saw this video, I could die peacefully.”
The next day, Gomez responded to Bobrovitsky via a duet video, where she played his video alongside her reaction of it. She also asked the patient to directly reach out to her. Bobrovitsky later thanked his fans for making this happen.
“My whole life, I’ve just tried to be noticed by her, and it’s happening all because of you guys,” he said.
For more news on cancer updates, research and education, don’t forget to subscribe to CURE®’s newsletters here.
Stay up to date on cancer updates, research and education
In Vivo CD19 CAR-T Leads to Remission in DLBCL Without Lymphodepletion 
Prostate Cancer Headlines, CAR-T Warnings and Laughter Therapy
First Patient with CD5-Positive T-Cell Lymphoma Dosed with MB-105
Top Headlines on CAR-T Cell Therapy
First Patient Dosed With KSQ-004EX In Solid Tumor Clinical Trial
What Role May ctDNA Have in Melanoma Management?
In Vivo CD19 CAR-T Leads to Remission in DLBCL Without Lymphodepletion 
Prostate Cancer Headlines, CAR-T Warnings and Laughter Therapy
First Patient with CD5-Positive T-Cell Lymphoma Dosed with MB-105
Top Headlines on CAR-T Cell Therapy
First Patient Dosed With KSQ-004EX In Solid Tumor Clinical Trial
What Role May ctDNA Have in Melanoma Management?
2 Commerce Drive Cranbury, NJ 08512
609-716-7777