The pair are "just very good friends."

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Meryl Streep and Martin Short just went on another public outing—but they still swear they're just friends.
The two iconic actors, who co-starred in the latest season of Only Murders in the Building, were seen attending Merrily We Roll Along on Broadway Saturday night. Merrily star Krystal Joy Brown then posted a video of the two actors backstage with the rest of the cast after the show, per People.
While the pair are apparently just friends, it's a good thing they're getting along so well. Streep's character, Loretta Durkin, is returning to Only Murders in the Building for its fourth season. She and Short, along with Steve Martin and Selena Gomez, are currently filming the mystery series' next installment.
Meryl Streep and Martin Short at the AFI Awards Luncheon in January
The rumors about Streep and Short's relationship status come after Streep confirmed in October that she and Don Gummer separated six years ago. 
In January, a rep for Short told E! News that the pair "are just very good friends, nothing more." That same month, Short denied he and Streep were dating during an appearance on Bill Maher's podcast. Through they apparently aren't dating IRL, the pals' Only Murders characters are quite the opposite, as they were happily dating in the show's third season.
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.
Meghan is a freelance news writer at Marie Claire. Her work has also appeared in Bustle, Refinery29, Popsugar, and other outlets. When she isn't writing, Meghan runs a community for plus-size people in the Raleigh-Durham area of North Carolina.

Minimalist nails with a little something extra.


Fans are clamoring for more after that shocking cliffhanger.


*Clutches pearls*


The three-time Oscar winner made her feelings known—and her rumored boyfriend couldn't stop laughing.


Only couples in the building...?


The actress previously harbored doubts that a part two would ever happen.


They're so cute.


Streep presented Kidman with a lifetime achievement award on Saturday, and said it was \201cimpossible not to be in awe of her" (referring more to her work than her early morning dips in the Pacific).


The trio presented an award together onstage at tonight's ceremony, a reunion we didn't know we needed so badly.


Streep announced her split from her husband of 45 years last fall.


The two played a mother-daughter duo in the musical.


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.