It's giving early aughts nostalgia.
Lisa O'Connor/Getty Images
 Posh Spice may be a relic of a bygone era, but Victoria Beckham is reviving at least one element of her old Spice Girls beauty look: short hair. The designer, who typically sports long, flowing locks, stopped by her hair stylist for a blunt chop that officially marked the return of her long bob in September. A few weeks later, she arrived at her Mytheresa event with even shorter, lighter hair.

 Beckham's hairstylist Ken Paves shared an Instagram carousel from the event, which showed off the designer's fresh locks. For the event, Beckham paired her lob with a white asymmetric halter dress brown pointed-toe pumps.

 Of course, Thursday wasn't the first time that Beckham opted for a Spice Girls-coded 'do. In fact, the multi-hyphenate has cycled through dozens of different haircuts throughout her many decades of fame, including a two-tone look from the early aughts followed by a sharp, a-line bob. None of these looks, however, have had quite the staying power of the lob, which has been a go-to look for Beckham since at least 1997.

John Ferguson/Getty Images
 Beckham's new lob comes on the heels of her daughter-in-law's Spice Girls-coded moment last month, when she, too, debuted a dark blunt bob in October. Fans were quick to spot the striking similarity between the two women, who became officially related when Beckham's son, Brooklyn, married Nicola Peltz in May 2022.

Instagram/@nicolaannepeltzbeckham
 When it comes to the bob, the Beckham mother-daughter duo is in good company: this year alone, Margot Robbie, Madelaine Petsch, Selena Gomez, and Jessica Biel have all undergone equally dramatic transformations.

 By all accounts, the bob, the lob, and all its variations are here to stay.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)