Here's how it stands out from her collection of luxe jewelry  
Christmas came early for Hailey Bieber, who showed off the latest addition to her collection of luxury jewelry. 
Last night, the model and Rhode founder shared a photo on her Instagram Story to flaunt her newest accessory, which accordingly celebrated her new chapter of life as a mom. In the snap, she modeled her signature “glazed” nails and hand tattoos, as well as a custom gold ring adorned with two birthstones: her own, a teardrop-shaped topaz, and her newborn son Jack’s stone, a square-cut peridot gem. 
The sparkling yet sentimental jewelry saw their stones nestled together, and Bieber labeled whose stone was whose in the post, writing “Jack” beside her son’s green stone, and “Mama” beside her own. And while she could have gifted herself the ring—especially following the influence of her Rhode brand this year—the accessory was likely a present from her husband Justin Bieber. In the past year alone, the singer has gifted her an updated 18-carat engagement ring worth an estimated $1.5 million, as well as a diamond “MOM” ring. 
After all, Hailey has lots to celebrate as of late. Not only did she and Justin welcome their first child in August, but the new mom also turned 28 in November, throwing a martini-themed birthday party for the occasion. There, she debuted a frosty manicure, and more notably, an equally frosty diamond necklace, diamond earrings, and diamond rings. 
Hailey was also quick to congratulate Selena Gomez and Benny Blanco, who announced their engagement on Instagram earlier this month. She was among over 16 million users who liked the post, which featured photos of Gomez’s new marquise diamond engagement ring. ‘Tis the season, it seems.
Dua Lipa Gives Leather Looks the Spring Treatment
Doechii Pays Homage to André Leon Talley
Hailey's Miami Outfits All Had This in Common
Bella Hadid Poses in Poolside Lingerie and Curlers
Prince Harry Says He May Not Return to the U.K. 
George Clooney Played Softball In Central Park
Hunter Schafer Gives the Tracksuit a Playful Twist
Blake Lively Wears a “Wedding Gown” on Late Night 
Bella Hadid Glows in a Bubblegum-Pink Set
J.Lo’s Dress Shimmers Like a Starry Night Sky
Hailey Bieber’s Party Dress Is Made of Watches
Princess Charlotte's Birthday Portrait, by Kate
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.