Disney+
The magic lives on! Wizards Beyond Waverly Place, a spinoff of the beloved Disney Channel series Wizards of Waverly Place, has brought back the Russo family, and fans couldn’t be happier. David Henrie returns as Justin Russo, who’s now leading a seemingly ordinary human life—until his sister Alex (Selena Gomez) drops by with Billie, a troubled yet powerful young witch played by Janice LeAnn Brown.
Since its Disney+ debut, the show has shattered viewership records, leaving fans wondering: Will we see more of the Russo family in a second season?
Keep reading for everything we know about season 2: 
Disney officially greenlit season 2 of the spinoff in March 2025.
“I’m overwhelmed by all the love for the series and ready to keep serving this new generation of ‘Wizards’ fans with more Russo magic, while continuing to deliver a big warm hug to the original fan!” star and executive producer David Henrie said in a statement.“So many surprises in store for this second season. It’s going to be big, so stay tuned!”
As for details on a second season, David, who serves as an executive producer alongside Selena on the spinoff, is keeping mum — although he does have ideas if all things go well.
“I know a lot about what the second season would be if we get picked up,” David shared with J-14. “On the producing side, I talk about all this stuff with the guys, so I kind of know what it would be.”
He continued, “I will say, I think this first season for Justin is really about rebirth—he starts out completely neglecting the magical side of his past, and Billie comes into his life and rebirths that side of him. So if season one is just him getting back on his feet, season two, I think, naturally, would be him really settling into that and continuing to take hold of that.”
One thing is clear: the creative team has worked hard to honor the legacy of the original series.
David explained, “We wanted to make a show that’s in the spirit of the original. So a show that’s for kids as well as adults who could sit down and watch it. We didn’t want to make some edgy, 180-degree departure from the original show and do some single-cam adult edgy thing. We really wanted to pass this down to another generation and have the original fans come on the ride with us.”
Love J-14? Be sure to subscribe to our YouTube channel for fun, exclusive videos with your favorite stars.
J-14 has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.
J-14 is part of the a360media Entertainment Group.Copyright © a360media 2025. All Rights Reserved