After a literal lifetime in the spotlight, obviously Selena Gomez’s face/body/appearance has changed. It’s called getting older. And she’d really like it if everyone could stop making a federal case out of it, please.
After a TikToker posted a side-by-side comparison of Gomez’s face as a teenager and an adult—and, actually, declined to speculate on her possible procedures, citing Gomez’s well-known health battles—the Only Murders in the Building star commented bluntly, “Honestly I hate this. I was on stripes because of flare up. I have Botox. That’s it. Leave me alone.” Other commenters are assuming that “stripes” is an autocorrect and was meant to be “steroids,” which makes sense as a treatment for a lupus flare-up.
The Botox, by the way, is not even new information. She joked about having “fresh Botox” at the 2022 SAG Awards, and in December 2023, she clapped back at a commenter telling her to dissolve her “implants” with a straightforward, “Hahahaha I’ve had Botox bb girl.” So, yeah, no need to speculate, Gomez has told us herself: she gets Botox.
Seemingly in response to the dustup, Gomez also posted a series of selfies to Instagram, showing the natural fluctuations to her face shape that happen because…she is a human being! “faces, phases,” she captioned the slideshow, which shows her in bed, in the car, getting ready, with and without makeup, and on a plane. Her boyfriend, producer Benny Blanco, commented on the post “pickle princess,” which is what her shirt says in the first photo. So let’s discuss THAT, okay?
This content can also be viewed on the site it originates from.
There are much more important things going on in pickle princess Selena Gomez’s life, anyway. After like three decades on television, she’s been nominated for her very first Emmy award. And, along with her Emilia Perez costars, she won Best Actress at Cannes. Botox shmotox.
This story was originally published on glamour.com.
More in celebrity news:
Now, watch Selena's 10-minute makeup routine:
Don't forget to follow Allure on Instagram and TikTok.
More from Allure The BEAUTY EXPERT
Contact
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Allure may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices