90 years of expert advice and inspiration, for every couple.
Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)

The actress-singer’s recent social media activity has fueled speculation that the couple may be tying the knot in the near future.
Allen Berezovsky / Getty Images
 Selena Gomez and Benny Blanco went public with their relationship under a year ago, but for the past month, rumors have been swirling about their possible engagement. Eagle-eye fans have been closely monitoring the actress-singer’s social media accounts, noticing that some of her recent posts have hinted that she may be getting married to the record producer in the near future.

 The speculation first started at the beginning of the month: On August 8, 2024, the Only Murders in the Building star uploaded a mirror selfie to Instagram Stories, and placed a pink double-heart emoji over her left ring finger. Since that's exactly where an engagement ring would be, Gomez may have used this emoji strategically: to conceal what could be her diamond. 

 A few days prior, celebrity gossip account DeuxMoi posted a “blind item” about an A-list celebrity getting engaged over the weekend to her boyfriend of one year at their beach house, surrounded by loved ones. With Gomez’s telling selfie, coupled with the knowledge that she owns a beach house in Malibu, many fans put two and two together, associating DeuxMoi’s admission with Gomez and Blanco. 

 Then, on August 20, 2024, a TikTok user revealed that the Disney Channel alum started following a wedding planning company, CMG Weddings & Events, on the social media platform. The award-winning event planning and design company is based in California, with teams in Napa Valley, the Bay Area, and Los Angeles. Since Gomez has been living in Los Angeles for years, per Architectural Digest, and since Blanco also has a home in the city, according to Open Door, Gomez giving the California-based firm a follow has further fueled the rumors.

 Many fellow TikTok users took this information as confirmation that Gomez is in fact engaged to Blanco. “YESSSS A WONDERFUL WEDDING IS IN THE MAKING AND IM SO EXCITED! CANT WAIT !” one user enthusiastically expressed. Others shared congratulatory messages and well-wishes. “I am so happy for her and Benny,” another TikTok owner commented.

 During an appearance on The Howard Stern Show in May 2024, Blanco revealed that marrying his girlfriend is definitely in the cards. After host Howard Stern asked whether Blanco would propose, he said, "When I look at her, I do say, I’m always just like, ‘I don’t know a world where it could be better than this.’” Howard proceeded to tell Blanco that he was “predicting marriage” for the two of them, and Blanco immediately responded with, “You and me both.”