Every party has a pooper — but in this building, there’s no such thing.
In fact, Kimberly Williams-Paisley said she’d be open to joining her “Father of the Bride” co-stars Steve Martin and Martin Short in their hit Hulu series “Only Murders in the Building.”
“Yeah, let them know,” the actress, 53, told The Post at the Alzheimer’s Association’s Dance Party to End ALZ red carpet Sunday. “Sure, I am available!”
Williams-Paisley is also open to working alongside her sister, Ashley Williams — perhaps in a Hallmark Christmas movie.
“Totally. We had the best time working together,” she gushed. “l love working with Ashley, she’s amazing.”
And living in Nashville, Tennessee, while having family in LA gives Williams-Paisley the advantage when it comes to a dream collaboration.
“I haven’t thought about that,” she confessed. “There are so many great, creative people in Hollywood and in New York and in Tennessee.”
Two of those creative people are the iconic duo Martin, 79, and Short, 74, who starred alongside Williams-Paisley in the 1991 comedy “Father of the Bride” and the 1995 sequel “Father of the Bride Part II.”
The trio reunited again for the 2020 short film “Father of the Bride Part 3 (ish).”
In the Nancy Meyers movies, Martin played father George Banks, Short starred as wedding planner Franck Eggelhoffer, and Williams-Paisley was the titular bride, Annie.
A then-19-year-old Williams-Paisley was a sophomore at Northwestern University when she auditioned for the role and was actually more nervous about making it to her audition than the read itself. 
“I just auditioned on a whim,” she admitted to E! News. “Not trying to get the part, necessarily, I was just trying to figure out if I could manage taking the L train into Chicago for the first time. Because I’m from New York, and I had taken subways my whole life, and I was like, ‘Well, how hard could it be? This is a good excuse to go into the city from Evanston to see if I can figure out this train.’ “
It turns out that staying focused on her method of transportation helped calm Williams-Paisley’s nerves about reading for the part.
“I think that actually helped me because I wasn’t nervous for the audition at all,” she said. “I just thought there was no chance that I was going to get it. Because marriage was the furthest thing from my mind as a sophomore in college.”
Alas, the “Sister Swap” star landed the role and, along with it, a group of new friends — including her on-screen love interest, George Newbern.
“George was my saving grace because it was this huge Hollywood movie, and I was kind of intimidated by Steve Martin and Diane Keaton even though they were fantastic to me,” she told Glamour in 2014. “I mean, Steve really took me under his wing and showed me the ropes and explained what they were doing. He was so nice. And Diane was just hysterical. But George was my partner in crime. It was terrifying and wonderful at the same time.”
Keaton, Kieran Culkin and Eugene Levy also starred.
These days, Martin and Short have recreated their on-screen chemistry with another powerhouse female: Selena Gomez. This trio teamed up in 2021 to bring a murder podcast to life in “Only Murders in the Building.” 
“I think that the script and the stories are very good, and that the premise is unusual,” Martin told Numero in a September interview. “What we didn’t know was that the chemistry between the three of us, that none of us can even try to explain, would show through the screen. We’re just having fun. We love each other. We’re all professionals and we give it our all. Our writers do too, and we have great directors and writers. We’re all very lucky.”
When it comes to Season 4, which takes the gang to Los Angeles, Short told the outlet, “Lots of things happen… This new detective story has many twists and turns. I think it will leave the audience in the lurch until the very end – no one knows who the hell committed the murder.”
All 10 episodes of Season 4 of “Only Murders in the Building” are streaming on Hulu.
Advertisement