Home    Forums    Television    2024 Emmy Awards Comedy Categories (Part 5)
Which actors do yall think tied or had up to a 2% gap, causing the lead categories to go from 5 slots to 6?
Berry and Woon-A-Tai? Rudolph and Wiig? Gomez and Rudolph? Gomez and Wiig?
Somebody correct me if I’m wrong but is this Paul Rudd’s first solo industry nomination?
I’m happy for him!
Stream MAYHEM, give Sarah Snook her Tony, Colin Farrell his Emmy and make Severance, The Studio + The Pitt sweep all awards!
The 3x Emmy Winner for Best Drama Series, Succession!
It’s impressive that Abbott Elementary held onto its entire acting nominations plus entered both writing and directing(!) in its least competitive year in the series race.
Which actors do yall think tied or had up to a 2% gap, causing the lead categories to go from 5 slots to 6? Berry and Woon-A-Tai? Rudolph and Wiig? Gomez and Rudolph? Gomez and Wiig? 
For Comedy Actor, it’s obvious the tie, or the performer who had the 2% gap was Berry and Woon-A-Tai. For Comedy Actress, I think after Only Murders’ over performance with the actors that Gomez was probably 4th, albeit maybe a very close 4th, and that Wiig was 5th with Rudolph either tying with her or being within 2% to open up an extra slot.
FYC:
Only Murders in the Building: Outstanding Comedy Series
Selena Gomez: Lead Actress in a Comedy Series
Steve Martin: Lead Actor in a Comedy Series
Martin Short: Lead Actor in a Comedy Series
NGNG predicting Hacks to win Comedy Series. Will just hold onto it until The Bear wins casting lol
NGNG predicting Hacks to win Comedy Series. Will just hold onto it until The Bear wins casting lol
Ngl i am scared of that scenario.
Stream MAYHEM, give Sarah Snook her Tony, Colin Farrell his Emmy and make Severance, The Studio + The Pitt sweep all awards!
The 3x Emmy Winner for Best Drama Series, Succession!
Oldest living comedy nominee ever, 3rd oldest acting nominee after the legendary Cicely Tyson (age 93) for How to Get Away with Murder’s final season in 2020 and the legendary Ernest Borgnine (age 92) final season of ER in 2009.
Oldest acting nominee during a primetime ceremony as well.
Carol Burnett has become the oldest female nominated for an acting #Emmys Award at the age of 91 https://t.co/txqw5oXUcm
— Deadline (@DEADLINE) July 17, 2024
Oldest living comedy nominee ever, 3rd oldest acting nominee after the legendary Cicely Tyson (age 93) for How to Get Away with Murder’s final season in 2020 and the legendary Ernest Borgnine (age 92) final season of ER in 2009. Oldest acting nominee during a primetime ceremony as well.
https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js 
I could’ve sworn she was younger than that
Lowkey thinking Hacks will repeat its 2021 trajectory because there’s no way Ramy Youssef won’t take a few votes from Fishes in directing. And I’m predicting Hacks for writing.
Stream MAYHEM, give Sarah Snook her Tony, Colin Farrell his Emmy and make Severance, The Studio + The Pitt sweep all awards!
The 3x Emmy Winner for Best Drama Series, Succession!
Devery Jacobs’ snub for someone like Selena Gomez felt doubly disappointing and uninspired.
If anything Gomez was #4 considering the visibility of her show, positive reception and how overperformed this year with 21 nominations (7 acting nominations included)
You’re targeting your frustration to the wrong person.
Which actors do yall think tied or had up to a 2% gap, causing the lead categories to go from 5 slots to 6? Berry and Woon-A-Tai? Rudolph and Wiig? Gomez and Rudolph? Gomez and Wiig?
I agree with what Joyce Eng said, there was simply a tie of votes for the last 5th position in one category. Most likely, actress
Not saying Twitter is real life, but noticing a lot of Hollywood/writer types on Twitter openly joking about The Bear not being a comedy. On Reddit, the top comments on the post about The Bear breaking the Emmy record are all negative and about comedy fraud.
I know social media skews younger and the academy skews older, but worth noting the category fraud convo really seems to have broken through.
This convo ‘breaks through’ everytime the show is nominated somewhere. After the Emmy wins earlier this year it was even harsher and nothing happened.
It will stay in comedy forever unless FX decides to move it.
Stream MAYHEM, give Sarah Snook her Tony, Colin Farrell his Emmy and make Severance, The Studio + The Pitt sweep all awards!
The 3x Emmy Winner for Best Drama Series, Succession!
It will stay in comedy forever unless FX decides to move it.
As it should
FYC:
- “Andor” in all categories
- Jean Smart (Hacks)
- John Turturro (Severance)
- Michelle Williams (Dying for Sex)
Unfortunately, Renée Elise Goldsberry could not be nominated for her performance as Wickie Roy because there are no categories sufficient enough to describe her work in Girls5Eva. They briefly considered nominated her for "Best" but every man in television would have exploded. pic.twitter.com/W3HJXDcuWd
— Tim Popp, Six, Squish, Uh uh… (@popphits) July 17, 2024
The topic ‘2024 Emmy Awards Comedy Categories (Part 5)’ is closed to new replies.
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…

				45 mins ago			

				4 mins ago			

				1 hour ago			

				25 mins ago			

				40 mins ago			

				30 mins ago			

				1 hour ago			

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media