Selena Gomez has returned to social media despite quitting the app a day ago.
The singer shared an Instagram Story of herself and celebrity chef Gordon Ramsay in a cooking clip. She wrote: "@Gordongram stepped into my kitchen and showed me how to make an amazing Breakfast Burger."
In the full YouTube video, Selena and Gordon were seen preparing breakfast together in her kitchen. She was asked what her favourite breakfast food was, to which she responded: "It depends. I like a nice breakfast sandwich, or a little taco, burrito."
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Real reason Kylie Jenner kept Timothee Chalamet away from Selena Gomez revealed
Her return to social media comes just one day after she announced she'd be ditching Instagram for a while. The Only Murders In The Building star shared a short clip of her boyfriend Benny Blanco playing with two young children as she made the announcement via her Instagram stories. She wrote: "'I'm off social for a while. I'm focusing on what really matters."
The move came after Selena found herself caught up in a web of drama as she was spotted gossiping with Taylor Swift and Keleigh Teller at the 81st annual Golden Globe Awards. The friends were filmed having what seemed to be a rather serious chat, with Selena leaning in to Taylor and Keleigh to share some juicy gossip.
Fans were unable to hear what the women were talking about but thought she had asked Timothee Chalamet for a picture and his girlfriend Kylie Jenner stopped her. Fans think Selena said to Taylor: "I asked for a picture with him and she [Kylie] said no." To which Keleigh then mouthed: "With Timothée?" to which Selena nodded.
It was suggested that Selena then said: "Do you know what they said/did to me?" before Taylor eyes widened as she replied: "S**t, what the..." The Anti-Hero singer later added: "Oh my God, love you," and Selena replied: "Brought them back together."
But a lip-reading expert exclusively told The Mirror that Selena was talking about her boyfriend Benny Blanco - and not Kylie.
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.