Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
The new season of the hit show starring Selena Gomez, Martin Short and Steve Martin premieres Aug. 27.

							By 

	Carly Thomas

Associate Editor

Eva Longoria is giving Only Murders in the Building fans a tease of what they can expect from her character in the upcoming fourth season.

	The Desperate Housewives alum recently talked with IndieWire about her role on the hit mystery comedy-drama, which sees her playing herself. 



	“It was announced I was on the show, and [friends] were like, ‘Who? What character are you playing? Are you the murderer?’” she said. “And I was like, ‘No. But I will tell you, it’s the best character I’ve ever played in my life: It’s me!’”

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	Movies
			



	
		
					Platino Awards: Walter Salles' 'I'm Still Here' Dominates as Fernanda Torres Scoops Best Actress		
			














	
	Movies
			



	
		
					'Alexander and the Very Bad Road Trip' Star Jesse Garcia Talks His Eva Longoria Reunion and the "Groundbreaking" Scope of 'The Odyssey'		
			








	The new installment of the series starring Martin Short, Steve Martin and Selena Gomez has the trio heading to Los Angeles when they learn a Hollywood studio wants to turn their podcast into a movie. At the same time, the podcasters and amateur detectives dive into the mystery surrounding Charles’ (Martin) stunt double Sazz’s death.

	In season four, Longoria stars as a version of herself who plays Gomez’s character, Mabel, in the movie about their podcast.

	“I have such funny lines,” the Land of Women actress explained. “The showrunner [John Hoffman] called me the other day, and he goes, ‘Episode 7, my husband and I are crying laughing, we can’t get through the edit, I can’t even give notes because he has to keep rewinding and we keep laughing.’ But also hello! Meryl Streep, Melissa McCarthy, Zach Galifianakis, Eugene Levy, Steve, Marty, Selena I’m like, pinch me, I’m dreaming. To be on that set was pretty unreal. To be with Meryl? My god.”

	The next installment of Only Murders in the Building premieres on Hulu on Aug. 27. And find everything you need to know about the new season here.
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.