When it came to the 2023 Emmys red carpet, celebrities made sure to put on a show.
After the ceremony was rescheduled last September due to the writers' and actors' strikes, it's clear Hollywood's biggest and brightest stars wanted to dress in their finest attire.
In fact, nominees, presenters and other celebrity attendees hit the red carpet at the Peacock Theater Jan. 15 in Los Angeles with fierce and fashionable looks. (See all of the star arrivals here.)
Case in point? Selena Gomez wowed in a plum-colored strapless dress from Oscar de la Renta that featured all-over sequins and intricate embroidery shaped like leaves. She paired her fierce look with an equally bold makeup look, wearing purple lipstick and dramatic false lashes. 
Suki Waterhouse, who is expecting her first baby with Robert Pattinson, took maternity style to a new level, wearing a fire-engine red dress from Valentino that featured extreme side cutouts that showcased her side boobs and growing bump.
"I was really excited about this look," Suki told Live From E!: Emmys host Laverne Cox. "I tried it on a couple months ago but...the fitting was just me holding it to my body. So, they had to really take it apart and had to redesign this dress to make it fit the bump."
She added, "But it does and I'm really happy that it worked."
Sheryl Lee Ralph, Issa Rae, and Jenna Ortega were a few other A-listers who pushed the fashion limits. But don't just take our word for it.
Keep scrolling to see which stars brought their fashion A-game to the 2023 Emmys red carpet.
Suki Waterhouse
In Valentino.
Hannah Waddingham
In custom Marchesa, Nina shoes and Marchesa jewelry.
Taraji P. Henson
In custom Atelier Versace and Simon G jewelry.
Sheryl Lee Ralph
In Christian Siriano and De Beers jewelry.
Aubrey Plaza
In Loewe.
Meghann Fahy
In custom Armani Privé and Bulgari jewelry.
Selena Gomez
In Oscar de la Renta and Tiffany & Co. jewelry.
Simona Tabasco
In Marni and Cartier jewelry.
Issa Rae
In Pamella Roland.
Sarah Snook
In Vivienne Westwood and Cartier jewelry.
Jenna Ortega
In Christian Dior.
Ayo Edebiri
In custom Louis Vuitton.
Camila Morrone
In Atelier Versace.
Riley Keough
In Chanel.
Sam Richardson
Rachel Brosnahan
In Versace and Rainbow K and Susanne Kalan jewelry.
Alfie Fuller
Padma Lakshmi
In Marchesa.
Bobby Berk
Claire Danes
In vintage Balmain.
Elizabeth Debicki
In Christian Dior Haute Couture.
Katherine Heigl
In custom Reem Acra and Rahaminov Diamonds jewelry.
Niecy Nash
In custom Greta Constantine.
Quinta Brunson
In Christian Dior and De Beers jewelry.
Tyler James Williams
In Dolce & Gabbana.
Liv Hewson
Joy Sunday
In Safiyaa.
Sophie Nélisse
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.