Eugene Levy & Zach Galifianakis also join the cast as Steve Martin & Martin Short's counterparts.

													By
												

	Hannah Dailey


	Mabel, Charles and Oliver are headed to Hollywood — and they’re bringing the homicide with them. 

	The trailer for season 4 of Only Murders in the Building dropped Tuesday (Aug. 13), previewing another big adventure for Selena Gomez, Steve Martin and Martin Short as their characters head to Los Angeles to make a movie about their eventful times as murder-mystery podcasters, only to find that grisly business is still afoot in the City of Angels.

	The trailer opens with the golden trio heading to L.A. and meeting the famous actors who will be playing them in the fictional biopic: Eva Longoria, Eugene Levy and Zach Galifianakis, who portray themselves in Only Murders. The three stars proceed to do character studies of Mabel, Charles and Oliver, respectively.

	“Are we attached to ‘Mabel’?” Longoria asks Gomez of her character’s name, to which the Rare Beauty founder deadpans in character: “I’d say so.”

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	With the help of their doppelgängers, they try to solve the murder of Jane Lynch’s Sazz and encounter Meryl Streep’s character Loretta Durkin, whom she reprises from season 3, as well as new additions Molly Shannon, Kumail Nanjiani and Richard Kind. Plus, Melissa McCarthy makes her debut on the show as Charles’ sister who lives in Long Island, is obsessed with creepy dolls and seems to really, really like the sound of Oliver’s voice on his podcast.

	The new season is set to premiere Aug. 27 on Hulu, just over a year after the third installment dropped on the streaming platform. Last year’s batch of episodes recently earned Only Murders a nod for outstanding comedy series at the upcoming 2024 Emmys, while Gomez, Short and Martin all scored nominations in the lead actress/actor in a comedy series categories.

	Watch the trailer for season 4 of Only Murders in the Building above.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.