Jennifer Aniston has invited fans inside her gorgeous Los Angeles home in a series of backstage posts - and it's as Hollywood as you would expect! 
The award-winning actress was joined by her glam squad ahead of the People's Choice Awards on Sunday February 18, and has since shared some behind-the-scenes photos and videos of her getting ready online. 
In one photo, Jennifer can be seen surrounded by several members of her team, as they help her put on her shoes. 
The award-winning actress is seen standing in the center of her large walk-in closet, complete with rows of color co-ordinated outfits hanging up. 
The large space is modern, decorated with wood-panelled frames and spotlights. She also has several pieces of furniture in the large space, including an armchair, as well as a fluffy rug. 
Jennifer posted the pictures on social media, alongside the caption: "Taking in all the love from the night @peopleschoice. And @adamsandler you will always be an icon in my eyes!" 
The Morning Show star attended the star-studded annual event, held at the Barker Hangar in Santa Monica, to present the People's Icon award to her good friend, Adam Sandler. 
Jennifer herself was nominated for two awards, winning the Drama TV Star of the Year, but missing out on the Female TV Star of the Year to Only Murders in the Building lead, Selena Gomez. 
Jennifer has been working with her trusty glam squad for years, who consist of makeup artist Angela Levin and hair stylist Chris McMillan. 
Both often share BTS photos from events on their own social media platforms. Along with her hair and makeup team, Jennifer's latest social media videos also featured a picture of two of her beloved pet dogs, Clyde and Lord Chesterfield. 
She is also the proud owner of dog Lucy, and often shares sweet updates on her four-legged friends on social media. Jennifer has been living at her gorgeous home for over a decade, and even helped to design it. 
She opened up about her property to Architectural Digest, telling the publication: "The house has a rather glamorous, old-fashioned Hollywood quality. I can just imagine the Rat Pack stopping by; someone is playing the piano, and people are laughing in the next room." 
She also described her home as a "big hug", adding: "It's like a big hug. People can get so distracted by static, I love the silence here." 
Other perks of Jennifer's property include an outdoor swimming pool, a games room, a 24-seat dining room and a kitchen complete with a pizza oven and a wine cellar. She even has a luxury bathroom with a bath looking out onto her sprawling garden, complete with a floor-to-ceiling window.
Read more HELLO! US stories here
Get the lowdown on the biggest, hottest celebrity news, features and profiles coming out of the U.S.  Sign up to our HELLO! Hollywood newsletter and get them delivered straight to your inbox. 
By entering your details, you are agreeing to HELLO! Magazine User Data Protection Policy. You can unsubscribe at any time. For more information please click here.