Today's Digital Daily	
			



	
			Today's Digital Daily	
			

The event will be held Monday at the 1 Hotel in Brooklyn, and will also feature Jennifer Wong, CEO of Aritzia; Gena Smith, chief human resources officer of LVMH North America, and Tiffany Dufu, president of Tory Burch Foundation. 
Executive Managing Editor

	Women leaders across fashion, beauty, retail and more will gather at the 1 Hotel in Brooklyn on Monday for Women in Power: Up to the Challenge, a daylong event from WWD, Footwear News and Beauty Inc.

	At the event, women leaders will talk about innovation, brand building, empowerment, design, work culture and more. Tickets are available online.

	Key speakers include designer Gabriela Hearst, who will discuss lifting women up through design, and Tiffany Dufu, president of the Tory Burch Foundation, who will speak about reshaping work culture for women.

Erin and Sara Foster, the sisters behind breakout brand Favorite Daughter, will share their story, as will Sabrina Dhowre Elba, founder and chief executive officer of S’Able Labs Skincare. 

	










			You May Also Like		







	
			Related Articles	
	













	Fashion Scoops
	



	
			Jury Selection to Start on Monday for Sean Combs' Sex Trafficking Trial	
			













	Fashion Scoops
	



	
			Equinox Unveils 'Tomb Raider'-inspired Vest to Maximize Walking Workouts	
			








Jennifer Wong, CEO of Aritzia, will discuss creativity in business, while Kellie Fitzgerald, managing director, retail, Google, will talk disruption.

	Additional speakers include: Jane Lauder, executive vice president of enterprise marketing and chief data officer at the Estée Lauder Cos.; Gena Smith, chief human resources officer at LVMH North America; Nicole Mason, founder and president of Future Forward Women; Katie Welch, chief marketing officer at Selena Gomez’s Rare Beauty; Dr. Elizabeth Comen, associate professor of medicine at NYU Langone/Grossman School of Medicine; Dr. Karyn Eilber, urologist, PlusOne Wellness Collective; Maria Warrington, CEO Beacon Wellness Brands; Maureen Kelly, founder and CEO Tarte Cosmetics; Helen Nwosu, vice president of social impact at Prose, and Megan Streeter, chief marketing officer at Prose.
Sign up for WWD news straight to your inbox every day
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
WWD and Women's Wear Daily are part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All Rights Reserved.