ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT
BEMIDJI — Throughout her life, 
    
      Selena Davant
    
       has allowed her intuition to speak louder than her fear.
Detailing her life’s journey starting in French Guinea — and every step along the way that led her to California — she had a chance to encourage others to rely on their intuition during a president’s reception at 
    
      Bemidji State’s
    
       Beaux Arts Ballroom on Thursday as part of 
    
      Black History Month.

ADVERTISEMENT
During her introduction, BSU and Northwest Technical College president John Hoffman spoke to Davant's presence as an opportunity for all to listen to her story and words of advice to grow as leaders in the community.
"That requires all of us to engage, to listen, to continue our journeys," Hoffman said, "and to hear from others who perceive what others might miss."
A former art director at Apple, Davant co-founded 
    
      Made in Color,
    
       a creative agency based in Oakland, Calif., in 2019 to be “a safe space and a home for undervalued, underrepresented and overlooked creators and talent to be their best selves and create their best work.”
Specializing in digital and experiential marketing, Savant co-founded the agency after spending time as a freelancer. The agency aims to help clients understand and practice business strategy, client acquisition, talent and project management and operations.
Today, she describes the agency as a nurturing environment that enables overlooked creatives to unlock and trust their zone of genius and produce impactful work.
Throughout Thursday’s event, Davant served as a source of mentorship and inspiration for all in attendance.
“To me, intuition drives magic, advocacy, allyship, love and freedom,” Davant said. “It’s really a powerful tool that connects us to do things good for ourselves and good for each other. And intuition is what keeps Black history alive. It’s never-ending. The story continues and it’s still present today.”
ADVERTISEMENT
Davant emphasized intuition as a uniting force that brought all attendees together at Thursday’s event.
“There’s a connective tissue that brings us all together. Even choosing to be in this space on this day, something told you to come here,” Davant added. “Intuition is a guide that gets us to a place of connectedness, a place of understanding. It’s what we find to be the first voice we hear.”
Those in the audience had a chance to speak one-on-one with Davant following her speech in front of the masses. BSU student Sarah Kessler sought advice from Davant regarding her post-graduation plans and potential careers in accounting versus higher education.
“I’m about to graduate college and I’m really inspired, but I’m having trouble separating the intuition from the fear,” Kessler said. “I’m struggling to decide between what I really want to do. … I’ve accepted an internship with an accounting firm, but I also love education and I’m struggling to decide.”
Davant encouraged Kessler to make note of how she feels when she thinks about each career path and use those feelings as the basis for her decision.
“When you think about accounting and doing that work, do you feel good? And when you look at higher education, is it a different feeling?” Davant said. “There’s no wrong path. You can do accounting for a year, then go back to education. Then, you can go into education and maybe decide you don’t like it anymore.
“But it’s about feeling how you feel. If you don’t know, then try because we don’t know all the time.”
ADVERTISEMENT
BSU’s president’s receptions aim to educate the Bemidji area and amplify voices respective to a month’s national recognition.
Previous events focused on the 
    
      history of the Two Spirit identity for National Coming Out Month in October
    
       and 
    
      Supreme Court cases concerning gender and sexual identity for Women’s History Month in March.

With a particular focus on Black and African Americans in the arts, Davant was a natural choice for February’s reception.
“In every stroke, every note played, every dance step taken, the African American community has left an incredible mark on the world of arts,” associate campus diversity officer Ashley Gomez said. “The arts have long been a powerful approach for storytelling, resilience and the celebrations of identity.
“This is a time to honor the significant contributions of Black individuals throughout history, celebrate their achievements and recognitions, the ongoing journey toward justice and equality they have shared in their art.”
With upcoming events for February and a future reception planned for Women’s History Month next month, Gomez encouraged attendees to view art as a therapeutic journey, enabling them to connect with their emotions, confront challenges and celebrate triumphs much like Davant had demonstrated.
ADVERTISEMENT
“Let us continuously engage in thoughtful dialogue,” Gomez left off, “learn from one another’s experience and commit ourselves to creating an environment where individuals can bring their own selves.”
More information can be found on the 
    
      Bemidji State website.

ADVERTISEMENT