By SONIA HORON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM and EVE BUCKLAND FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  02:15, 15 May 2024   |  Updated:  05:03, 15 May 2024   
 738
View  comments
Pregnant Hailey Bieber put her baby bump on display while stepping out with husband Justin Bieber on Tuesday, five days after announcing their baby news. 
The model, 27, and the Love Yourself hitmaker, 30, were spotted leaving an office building in Los Angeles, as they await the arrival of their first child.
Hailey — who is said to be six months along — paraded her bare bump in a stylish white crop top over which she wore an oversized black blazer with padded shoulders.
The fashionista completed the outfit with a pair of baggy black pants and chunky black boots.
Meanwhile the singer was casual cool, rocking a graphic t-shirt and neon green basketball shorts. However, he was not wearing his new wedding ring, after exchanging one with his wife in their recent vow renewals. 
Pregnant Hailey Bieber, 27, put her baby bump on display while stepping out with husband Justin Bieber, 30, on Tuesday, five days after announcing their baby news
Hailey — who is said to be six months along — showed off her growing belly in a stylish white crop top over which she wore an oversized black blazer
The model and the Love Yourself hitmaker were spotted leaving an office building in Los Angeles as they await the arrival of their first child
Justin was not wearing his new wedding ring, after exchanging one with his wife in their recent vow renewals; (L) seen on Tuesday, (R) pictured showing off their new rings last week
Hailey's eyes were shielded with a pair of black sunglasses, and she wore her brunette tresses down for the sunny outing. 
Meanwhile Justin completed his look with a white beanie and matching shoes. 
Last week Hailey revealed she is expecting her first child with Justin - with the pair unveiling Hailey's baby bump during a surprise vow renewal in Hawaii.
She announced her pregnancy joy with a beautiful video debuting her bump in a custom Saint Laurent lace wedding dress by Anthony Vaccarello, paired with a flowing veil.
The star and the Canadian crooner - who recently sparked concern with a crying selfie - shared a sweet kiss as they celebrated their news during their outdoor ceremony - with Hailey sporting a new diamond ring.
The pair also both wore Tiffany Forever bands — made of platinum with a full circle of diamonds — to celebrate their vow renewal, as per People. 
Justin - who was casually clad in a backwards cap, bomber jacket and jeans - was seen filming his bride cradling her bump - with the video set to a new track by the Grammy winner.
The couple have been married since September 2018.
TMZ reports that Hailey is more than six months pregnant.
She completed the outfit with a pair of baggy black pants and chunky black boots
Hailey showed just a glimpse of her bump in the casual cool outfit
TMZ reports that Hailey is more than six months pregnant
Her eyes were shielded with a pair of black sunglasses, and she wore her brunette tresses down for the outing
Meanwhile the Canadian crooner rocked a graphic t-shirt, neon green basketball shorts, a white beanie and white shoes
The beauty covered up her face with her hand
Kendall Jenner quickly took to the comment section of Hailey's post to declare: 'ahhhh here come the tears again.'
Kim Kardashian wrote: 'I love you guys sooooo much!!!!' while Chrissy Teigen penned: 'EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!! You are going to be an amazing amazing mommy oh boy get ready!!! So exciting so happy for you both!!'
Kylie Jenner wrote: 'i love you guys!!!! ahhhhhhhh' while mom Kris Jenner wrote: 'We are so so excited can’t wait can’t wait what a blessing!!!!!'
Justin and Hailey were first introduced in 2009 by Hailey's father Stephen Baldwin at the premiere of Justin's documentary Never Say Never.
The pair then had a brief fling in 2016 amid a break in his on/off decade-long romance with Selena Gomez.
When he and the Disney Channel alum, 31, finally called it quits for good in May 2018, Justin fell into Hailey's arms and they've been attached at the hip since.
The pair have spoken candidly about their relationship over the years — including their 'really tough' first year of marriage.
Speaking to GQ in 2021, Justin revealed that his and Hailey's initial difficulties stemmed from 'trauma' and 'just lack of trust.'
'There was all these things that you don't want to admit to the person that you're with, because it's scary. You don't want to scare them off by saying, 'I'm scared,'' he explained.
The pair were seen exiting the office building together 
Justin walked ahead as Hailey followed behind him 
The singer's bright shorts were pulled down, revealing the white boxers he was wearing underneath 
The superstar and his wife were seen leaving the building in their Range Rover
Justin was behind the wheel
The couple drove off following an appointment 
The Sorry hitmaker admitted during the first year of marriage he was 'on eggshells' but now he's never felt more stable.
The couple previously expressed their mutual desire for children but in 2023 Hailey expressed concerns about raising a family in the spotlight.
'I want kids so bad but I get scared. It's enough that people say things about my husband or my friends,' she told the Sunday Times last year.
'I can't imagine having to confront people saying things about a child. We can only do the best we can to raise them. As long as they feel loved and safe.'
Last year the Rhode skincare founder dished that she and Justin would like to try for a family 'in the next couple of years.'
You don't know how long that process [of getting pregnant] is every going to take. Definitely no kids this year, that would be a little hectic, I think,' Hailey told WSJ.
'There's this thing that happens for women when you get married. Everybody assumes it's: 'First comes love, then comes marriage, then comes the baby,' the wife of Justin Bieber explained.
'Well, what about the things I want to accomplish in my business? I think I had it ingrained in my head that I was going to want to have kids right away and I was going to have kids super, super young. Then I turned 25 and I'm like, I'm still super, super young!'
While they frequented similar social circles after their first meeting in 2009, it was not until 2015 that it was clear they were more than friends.
Last week Hailey revealed she is expecting her first child with Justin - with the pair unveiling Hailey's baby bump during a surprise vow renewal in Hawaii  
Justin smiled at his pregnant wife as they renewed their vows in Hawaii
Justin was in a on-off and highly-publicized romance with Selena Gomez from 2011 until 2014 before reuniting for a short while in 2017. They split for good in 2018.
Hailey and Justin rang in 2016 together with a vacation to Anguilla, where Justin posted a photo of them sharing a kiss.
Around this time, the couple acknowledged they were seeing each other, without being in an exclusive relationship.
'We are not an exclusive couple,' Hailey told E! at the time.
Justin also admitted Hailey was someone he 'really' loved, but that he was not quite ready to devote himself to a relationship.
'What if Hailey ends up being the girl I'm gonna marry, right? If I rush into anything, if I damage her, then it's always gonna be damaged,' he told GQ.
This saw Justin briefly move on from Hailey to have a short relationship with Sofia Richie.
Justin and Hailey then started dating one another in 2018 - and the lovebirds were often pictured packing on the PDA for all to see throughout New York City.
Just over a month after reigniting their romance, the couple were engaged.
Justin proposed to Hailey during a romantic getaway to the Bahamas with a massive diamond ring.
Justin married Hailey at a courthouse in New York City on September 13 - they celebrated with a wedding party one year later
'My heart is COMPLETELY and FULLY YOURS,' gushed the pop star in a romantic social media gesture to confirm the news.
The niece of Alec Baldwin received a large, oval-shaped diamond engagement ring from Justin when they were on holiday in the Bahamas to mark the occasion.
Justin married Hailey at a courthouse in New York City in September 2018.
The couple exchanged vows on the same day they obtained their marriage licence at the courthouse on September 13, TMZ claimed at the time.
The couple tied the knot again in front of friends and family at the luxury Montage Palmetto Bluffs resort in South Carolina on September 30, 2019.
The Biebers marked their fifth wedding anniversary last September with Instagram tributes to one another, with Hailey writing a short but poignant messaging, posting: '5. I love you.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group