Deals this good only come around twice a year.
With Memorial Day weekend on the way, Nordstrom’s heralding the start of summer with its Half-Yearly Sale and slashing prices by as much as 50%.
From high-end fashion labels like Stella McCartney and Jil Sander to (relatively) budget-conscious favorites like BaubleBar and Free People, plenty of Hollywood’s favorite labels are available at a steal right now.
To kick-start your shopping, read on for our top picks.
When it comes to celebrity-loved hairstyling tools, it doesn’t get (figuratively) hotter than Dyson. And while the brand’s TikTok-viral devices rarely go on sale, Nordstrom is offering $100 off this top-rated straightener right now.
Jenny Bird’s bling is so popular among A-listers, it just might be easier to name a star who doesn’t own at least one its pieces. Selena Gomez wears her Jenny Bird hoop earrings on repeat, while Taylor Swift, Shay Mitchell and the Kardashian-Jenners have been spotted in styles from the brand as well.
It’s rare to see a deal on Kim Kardashian’s Skims, but the Nordstrom Half-Yearly Sale is offering several top styles at a major markdown.
While Meghan Markle owns one of Monica Vinader’s friendship bracelets, this dainty bangle is just as classic.
Ariana Madix recently promoted “Love Island” in these on-theme statement earrings from BaubleBar, currently a whopping 40% off. 
Staud tops our list of the most celebrity-loved cocktail dresses — and with good reason. Famous fans of the brand range from Meghan Markle and Selena Gomez to the Kardashian-Jenners.
If splurging doesn’t scare you, now’s a great time to pick up high-end designs from labels like Jil Sander, the epitome of quiet luxury.
Considering purchasing a fresh pair of Nikes? Just do it at Nordstrom’s Half-Yearly Sale, where several  pairs are discounted.
In addition to trademarking “the world’s most comfortable thong,” Hanky Panky boasts celebrity admirers like Jennifer Aniston, who once revealed she was wearing its panties during an interview.
Nordstrom also has it in the bag when it comes to celebrity-loved purse deals; you can save hundreds on this Stella McCartney tote right now.
Only bought this dress so you could …. save some cash? Taylor Swift’s a longtime Free People fan, and while her exact styles aren’t on sale, this LBD feels right up her alley.
This article was written by Hannah Southwick, Commerce Writer/Reporter for Page Six Style. Hannah spies deals on actually affordable celebrity-worn styles, puts Hollywood’s favorite labels to the test and finds the beauty products that keep stars red carpet-ready. She consults stylists and industry pros — including celebs themselves — for firsthand product recommendations, trend predictions and more. In addition to writing for Page Six since 2020, her work has been featured in USA Today and Parade.