By Armando Tinoco 
Staff Writer

Hulu and Disney+ have released the key art for Only Murders in the Building Season 4. The artwork teases the Hollywood storyline while celebrating the guest stars set for the season.

	The series, starring Steve Martin, Martin Short, and Selena Gomez, returns on August 27 on Hulu in the U.S. and Disney+ internationally.

	In Season 4, the amateur podcasting trio picks up where Season 3 left off in the aftermath of the event between Charles’ stunt double & friend Sazz Pataki. Questioning whether she or Charles was the intended victim, their investigation leads them all the way to Los Angeles where a Hollywood studio is readying a film about the Only Murders podcast. 

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	













	News
	



	
		
					2025 Premiere Dates For New & Returning Series On Broadcast, Cable & Streaming		
			















	News
	



	
		
					Sarah Michelle Gellar Debunks 'Buffy' Reboot "Fake" Details, Praises Chloé Zhao's "Passion"		
			







	As Charles, Oliver & Mabel race back to New York, they embark on an even more epic journey — traversing their building’s courtyard to delve into the twisted lives of the Arconia’s West Tower residents.




			Watch on Deadline		






	The key art makes note that the podcast within the show is “Now a major murder picture.” A film wrapped around the trio, features the faces of the actors set to guest star throughout Season 4 including Meryl Streep, Da’Vine Joy Randolph, Eugene Levy, Eva Longoria, Zach Galifianakis, Molly Shannon, Kumail Nanjiani, Melissa McCarthy, Richard Kind, and more.

Only Murders in the Building was co-created and written by Steve Martin and John Hoffman. Martin and Hoffman executive produce along with Short, Gomez, Dan Fogelman, and Jess Rosenthal. The series is produced by 20th Television, a part of Disney Television Studios.

	Check out the key art below.
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.