By Lynette Rice 
Senior TV Writer

	Sheryl Lee Ralph and Lisa Ann Walter from Abbott Elementary got to call roll at the start of the Disney Upfront Tuesday, which allowed many of the stars from the studio’s movies and networks to sound off (in a video) before the presentation kicked off at the North Javits Center. 

	And what’s an ABC upfront without the voice of Walt Disney? Yup, he was (heard) there, too. Here’s what else happened at the afternoon shindig: 

RELATED: Marvel Teases Disney+ Release Dates For ‘Agatha All Along,’ ‘Daredevil: Born Again’ & ‘Ironheart’

RELATED: Broadcast TV Cancellations In 2024-25: Photo Gallery











			Watch on Deadline		






RELATED: Renewed TV Series 2024: A Photo Gallery

RELATED: 2024 Premiere Dates For New & Returning Series On Broadcast, Cable & Streaming
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.