Dads everywhere rejoiced when the 'Twisters' star stepped out in socks and sandals.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Daisy Edgar-Jones made her stance on the socks and Birkenstock sandals debate very clear while out and about in London. For years, many have considered the combination an unforgivable fashion faux pas. Once you catch a glimpse of the British actor's chic black-on-black ensemble, however, you might find yourself swayed.
After swinging by Ottolenghi for a bite on Dec. 1, the Twisters star did some shopping in a black winter coat with a shirt-style collar from Mango. Clearly, Jones knows how to spot a killer deal because this belted, calf-length number only retails for a mere $350. For added warmth, the actor topped her Mango steal with a navy embroidered scarf from quirky British brand Hades Wool. The exact scarf she's wearing is no longer available, but the indie brand offers a wide assortment of equally whimsical designs if you'd like to match her freak.
Daisy Edgar-Jones pairs a black Mango coat with matching Birkenstock sandals and socks. 
The Normal People ingenue paired her Mango jacket with black straight-leg jeans and socks worn with black Birkenstock Arizona sandals—a grandfatherly pairing that was once considered taboo. That is, before the pandemic-era Birkenstock resurgence elevated the ugly shoe's status and led to lucrative collaborations with designers like Manolo Blahnik and Proenza Schouler. Even the habitually trend-averse Ashley Olsen co-signed the socks and sandals trend in a navy coat, Celine slides, and white cashmere socks circa November 2023. More recently, Katie Holmes proved Birkenstocks can be business casual in ivory trousers and a blue button-up in April, and Selena Gomez shopped on Black Friday in a faux-fur-lined pair.
I wasn't convinced the trend had legs, though, until I caught sight of this look from The Row's Spring 2024 show, which demonstrates how socks and sandals can be worn with a dress—a perfect example of wrong shoe theory done right. But for an everyday wearable take on the trend, Daisy Edgar-Jones and her winterized Birks are the only inspiration you need.
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.
Hanna Lustig is a staff writer at Marie Claire, where she gets to gab every day about the topics she holds most dear: fashion, beauty, and celebrity. Hanna’s editorial journey began with formative internships at Elle and InStyle, where she was lucky enough to work for some of the smartest women in media while she was still in college at the University of Tennessee. Hanna then accepted a digital culture reporting fellowship at Insider, where she helped carve out a new beat dedicated to covering influencers. Those experiences later served her well as a staff writer at Glamour, where she developed a knack for spinning quick turnaround celebrity news and trend reporting into juicy feature stories. Some of her greatest hits include an earnest ode to the no-pants trend, this meticulously reported feature exploring the rise of endoscopic facelifts, this snappy take on the Chanel-designed fantasy of Sofia Richie’s wedding, this tribute to WAGs past and present, and this timeline of Katie Holmes’s life and career as told through her denim collection.
Diane Keaton once hung up on Hanna during an interview, but thankfully that mishap did not derail what has otherwise been a deeply fulfilling career writing for and about women. As one of Marie Claire's resident experts on style and culture, her current coverage ranges from exploring TikTok's contrast makeup theory and the return of the boat shoe trend to interviews with costume designers for hit shows like Nobody Wants This and The Penguin. When she’s not at work, Hanna can probably be found listening to pop music, talking to her dog, and gossiping with her best friends. For more of Hanna’s perfect opinions on pop culture, you can follow her on Instagram and X.

She one hundred percent pulls them off.


From '00s favorites to short-lived hidden gems.


The late Queen found the dictator and his wife "so objectionable, so charmless, she had absolutely nothing to say to them."


The dress's previous owner has a lot to do with the first Monday in May...


It also comes from an insider-favorite Adidas collaborator.


I can't resist following their lead.


From her closet to our carts.


Here's exactly what to buy.


We can all learn something from her sophisticated styling.


It's chic in any zip code.


All A-listers seem to love this shoe.


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.