By ALESIA STANFORD FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  17:26, 23 July 2024   |  Updated:  17:47, 23 July 2024   
 55
View  comments
Hailey Bieber has said that she and husband Justin Bieber are happily married even if haters don't believe it.
The pregnant model, 27,  who didn't reveal her pregnancy until she was six months along, told W magazine, 'People have made me feel so bad about my relationship since day one.
'Oh, "they’re falling apart. They hate each other. They’re getting divorced." It’s like people don’t want to believe that we’re happy,' she told the publication. 
The couple married in a courthouse ceremony in New York City in 2018, and walked down the aisle again in a more formal ceremony for friends and family a year later.
The pair tied the knot about six months after the Yummy singer, 30, had broken up with on-again, off-again girlfriend Selena Gomez, with the actress' fans accusing the Rhode Skin founder of stealing him from Gomez. 
Since then, the couple have been plagued by rumors. 
Hailey Bieber, 27, says she and husband Justin Bieber, 30, are happily married and intend to stay that way even if trolls do not believe them
'People have made me feel so bad about my relationship since day one,' she told W magazine. 'It’s like people don’t want to believe that we’re happy' 
The couple announced their pregnancy in May, posting photos from what appeared to be a vow renewal ceremony in Hawaii.
Bieber revealed she has turned to therapy to deal with the barrage of negative comments she's received over the years and has learned to 'compartmentalize.'
'I used to try to act like it hurts less and less,' she said.
'I’ve tried to think that you get used to it at a certain point, that this is what’s going to be said and this is how people are going to be. But I realize that it doesn’t actually ever hurt any less,' she said of the pain caused by the public scrutiny.
Even as she approaches her due date, detractors are still making hateful comments. 
'Justin had so many girls to pick from and chose you? Lol,' wrote one on the runway veteran's most recent Instagram post.
'Justin really don't love you or want you and he made a song about you it's called you should go and love yourself,' wrote another.
'Salena would've been better,' was another comment, even though Gomez, 32, has declared boyfriend Benny Blanco the 'love of my life.'  
The model showed off her baby bump in a gorgeous pictorial spread in the publication
'Bullying a pregnant woman is wild,' wrote one of her defenders.
'You all need to take the hate out of your heart and let Jesus in,' advised another fan, adding, 'Hailey, you are glowing, happiness looks so good on you, don’t let the negativity in. ❤️'   
The model is the daughter of actor Stephen Baldwin and designer Kennya Deodato Baldwin, and the niece of actor Alec Baldwin. 
'I had a fairly normal childhood. Obviously, I come from the family that I come from, and I always recognized that that was different,' she said. 
Bieber entered the public eye when she signed her first modeling contract at age 17 and grew up quickly. 
Since the model married pop-star Justin Bieber in a courthouse ceremony in September 2018, she has been the recipient of cruel rumors on social media. 'Oh, they’re falling apart. They hate each other. They’re getting divorced,' she said
Bieber revealed she has turned to therapy to deal with the barrage of negative comments she's received over the years and has learned to 'compartmentalize... I used to try to act like it hurts less and less,' she said, But I realize that it doesn’t actually ever hurt any less'
The Biebers announced they were expecting their first child together when they posted these photos from what appeared to be a vow renewal in Hawaii on social media, with the mom-to-be's baby bump showing in the snaps
Even as she approaches her due date, detractors are still making hateful comments. 'Justin had so many girls to pick from and chose you? Lol,' wrote one on the runway veteran's most recent Instagram post
As she approaches motherhood, Bieber said, for the moment, she's focusing on being a wife. 'I’m trying to soak in these days of it being Justin and me, just the two of us'
'I started traveling the world, making my own money. I got my own apartment and had to learn how to live on my own and pay bills,' she said.
'That pushed me into adulthood kind of quickly, when most of my friends were just leaving for college.'
As she approaches motherhood, Bieber said, for the moment, she's focusing on being a wife.
'I’m trying to soak in these days of it being Justin and me, just the two of us.' 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group