She gave new life to the coquette trend with this summer vacation look
Every product on this page was chosen by a Harper's BAZAAR editor. We may earn commission on some of the items you choose to buy.
From dirty denim to capris, it seems we’re really in the season of trend revivals. Now, Kylie Jenner is advocating for the return of the bubble skirt. 
The Kylie Cosmetics founder had us aching for summers on European seas with her latest Instagram post, where she was seen posing on a boat with quite the picturesque setting behind her, and an eye-pleasing ensemble in the foreground to match.
Jenner wore a matching set consisting of a bralette top and a bubble skirt, both in a rich parchment color. Her bra-like top featured a square neckline and thin straps, and there was a coquettish touch around the back, where the piece was tied together with a big bow.
Down low, the reality star wore a mini bubble skirt in the exact same color, which featured slight bunches in the material. Recently, we’ve been noticing the comeback of this particular vestment, from Adwoa Aboah’s Met Gala set to Selena Gomez’s Parisian street style. Now, with Jenner on board, the trend is surely going to start popping up everywhere.
The Kardashians star really sold the Riviera vibe by adding a raffia hat from Lack of Color to her look. Oh, and she accessorized with not one, but two gold Cartier watches on her left wrist, as well as Cartier's famous Trinity bracelet. The assortment paired well with her disclike huggie earrings and rings in the same metal. As for beauty, Jenner left her hair down and opted for a subtle blush and a pale pink lip.
Tracee Ellis Ross Sports Wedge Balmain Boots
Dua Lipa Gives Leather Looks the Spring Treatment
Doechii Pays Homage to André Leon Talley
Hailey's Miami Outfits All Had This in Common
Bella Hadid Poses in Poolside Lingerie and Curlers
Prince Harry Says He May Not Return to the U.K. 
George Clooney Played Softball In Central Park
Hunter Schafer Gives the Tracksuit a Playful Twist
Blake Lively Wears a “Wedding Gown” on Late Night 
Bella Hadid Glows in a Bubblegum-Pink Set
J.Lo’s Dress Shimmers Like a Starry Night Sky
Hailey Bieber’s Party Dress Is Made of Watches
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.