Sign up for your daily dose of dope.
Contact us by Email
Oct. 14 2024, Published 5:05 p.m. ET
Selena Gomez may look like she has it all, but the star has had plenty of roadblocks and obstacles to overcome through the years.
RadarOnline.com can reveal the new billionaire came from nothing as she grew up in Texas with little money.
The star's mother, Mandy Teefey, was just 16 years old when she gave birth, leading to Gomez staying with her grandparents while her mom finished school.
Gomez recalled: "I never saw the light at the end of the tunnel where my mom was working hard to provide a better life for me."
The now 32-year-old also added that she found herself "terrified' of what would become of her if she did not leave the Lone Star state.
Selena Gomez grew up poor in Texas in a life filled with roadblocks. 
Gomez's rise to fame came quickly after snagging a role on Barney & Friends at the age of 10, and a role on Disney's Wizards of Waverly Place for four seasons followed.
However, the actress was working to keep her family afloat, as she stated in her Apple + documentary, Selena Gomez: My Mind & Me: "Since I was a kid I've been working."
While she's been focused on helping her family out, Gomez has also had to deal with major health issues.
In 2014 she revealed her lupus diagnosis, and just three years later Gomez received a kidney transplant from her friend and fellow child star, Francia Raisa – the pair had a falling out in 2022 before they reconciled. 
The 32-year-old also faced major health issues in her life.
Gomez's health struggles have also prevented her from having biological children, and the star has been open about it as well.
She said: "That's what my life is like. I truly believe that this is power in being vulnerable." 
The former child star's life has been on the forefront for years including her relationship to pop star Justin Bieber which played out for her fans and critics to see.
The pair had an on-off toxic relationship which had Gomez and Bieber break up twice.
Bieber stated to Complex in 2015: "When stuff would happen, I would lose my freakin' mind, and she would lose her mind, and we would fight so hard because we were so invested in each other... Love is a choice. Love is not a feeling."
Gomez' relationship to Justin Bieber also played out for the world to see.
Despite the rocky relationship and ending, Gomez has since found love again with producer Benny Blanco as the couple are thinking of starting a family.
A source shared: "It's something they both want. Selena believes Benny would make a great dad."
In May, Blanco himself confirmed he and Gomez are looking to become parents, as he revealed: "That's my next goal." 
Daily updates from the heart of Hollywood, right to your inbox
By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you’re agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
Gomez is now dating producer Benny Blanco — the couple have discussed starting a family.
Have a tip? Send it to us! Email RadarOnline.com at tips@radaronline.com.
Email us at tips@radaronline.com
It's all over all right. On May 14, just one day before news broke that Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez are allegedly headed toward a divorce, the singer was spotted house-hunting on her own in Beverly Hills, RadarOnline.com revealed.
BY Aaron Johnson
Clint Eastwood has hit his “frankly, I don’t give a damn” moment in life!
BY Radar Staff
Tom Cruise is living up to his Top Gun image by splashing a fortune choppering his new female “best pal” around Britain – after he “fell in love” with the way she's overcome her disability.
BY Aaron Tinney
More From Radar Online
Opt-out of personalized ads
© Copyright 2025 RADAR ONLINE™️. A DIVISION OF MYSTIFY ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK INC. RADAR ONLINE is a registered trademark. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy. People may receive compensation for some links to products and services. Offers may be subject to change without notice.