Selena Gomez shared a sweet photo with her boyfriend, Benny Blanco, at the 2024 Emmy Awards.
The “Only Murders in the Building” star posted a carousel of pictures on Instagram Sunday that included one of the music producer holding her waist and kissing her on the cheek while she smiled and posed.
“Thank you so much to the Emmy’s [sic] for our recognition! We are so grateful,” she captioned the post on behalf of her nominated Hulu show.
Blanco, 36, seemed to appreciate the inclusion, as he commented, “omg !!!”
Gomez, 32, was up for outstanding lead actress in a comedy series for her role in “Only Murders,” but the award went to Jean Smart from “Hacks.”
Even though she did not win, the pop star seemed to appreciate her first-ever Emmy nomination in an acting category.
Gomez walked the red carpet solo in a Ralph Lauren black velvet gown with a halter neckline embellished with silver sequins.
Meanwhile, Blanco matched his girlfriend’s vibe in an all-black suit that was also embroidered with silver sequins in the pattern of roses.
It is unclear why the famed songwriter opted out of the red carpet, but he joined Gomez in the audience while they watched Eugene and Dan Levy co-host the star-studded show.
Blanco, whose real name is Benjamin Joseph Levin, did the same in January at the 75th Emmys, where he was seen meeting “Only Murders” stars Steve Martin and Martin Short backstage.
An eyewitness told TMZ at the time that the music executive “got along great” with Gomez’s father figure-like co-stars at the ceremony.
The “Calm Down” singer recently raved that she has “never been loved” the way she has been by Blanco.
“He’s just been a light. A complete light in my life. He’s my best friend. I love telling him everything,” she told Vanity Fair in an interview published last week.
Gomez and Blanco quietly began dating last summer, but she waited until December to publicly confirm their romance.
The former Disney Channel star previously dated the “Open Wide” cookbook author’s friend and collaborator Justin Bieber.
Advertisement