Lamarre-Condon is charged with the domestic violence-related murders of former TV presenter Jesse Baird and his partner Luke Davies in Sydney
An ex-police officer charged with the alleged domestic violence-related murders of two men in Sydney will soon lodge a plea to the charges levelled against him.
Beaumont Lamarre-Condon, 29, has been accused of fatally shooting the Qantas flight attendant Luke Davies, 29, and former TV presenter Jesse Baird, 26, while he was off-duty.
Police allege the 19 February attack in inner-city Sydney was premeditated after a months-long campaign of “predatory behaviour” targeting Baird whom he briefly dated.
Lamarre-Condon, of Balmain, has been charged with two counts of domestic violence-related murder and one count of breaking and entering with intent to commit an indictable offence.
Sign up for Guardian Australia’s breaking news email
His lawyer John Walford appeared briefly at Sydney’s Downing Centre local court on Tuesday when he said pleas would be entered the next time the case was before a magistrate.
“We’re in the last throes of finalising instructions,” he told the magistrate Theo Tsavdaridis.
Walford, when pressed by the magistrate, declined to say whether his client would deny the charges and face trial or admit the crimes and go to sentence. Lamarre-Condon’s case is due back in court on 5 November.
He was placed into custody after his arrest and did not appear in court on Tuesday either in person or by video link from prison.
He allegedly shot Baird and Davies with his NSW police service weapon at Baird’s Paddington home.
A triple-zero call was made from Davies’ mobile phone four minutes after neighbours heard gunshots at the house, police have said.
A patrol car was later sent searching for the source of the call, which was disconnected before anyone spoke.
Sign up to Breaking News Australia
Get the most important news as it breaks
after newsletter promotion
The men’s bodies were found on 27 February inside surfboard bags at the fence line of a rural property in Bungonia, near Goulburn, about 200km south-west of Sydney.
Suspicion the duo were dead was sparked after possessions belonging to the men were found in a skip bin in the southern Sydney suburb of Cronulla – leading police to Baird’s blood-smeared share house.
Lamarre-Condon joined the NSW police force in 2019 and previously ran a celebrity blog, posing in photos with dozens of A-listers including Taylor Swift, Selena Gomez, Katy Perry, Miley Cyrus and Harry Styles.
He was sacked from the force in mid-March.