Hailey Bieber’s father Stephen promoted a P Diddy’s party in a resurfaced video.
In the clip, a whole host of Hollywood A-listers were recorded to promote Sean Combs’ birthday party back in 1998. The video features Stephen Baldwin alongside Ellen DeGeneres, Mariah Carey, Donald Trump, Chris Rock and many more.
Baldwin says Diddy’s name to the camera as the celebs all discuss the upcoming event. The celebrities revealed the time and date of Combs’ bash, but the venue was kept a secret and meant to be revealed at a later date.
READ MORE: Selena Gomez recalls weird encounter with P Diddy while dating Justin Bieber
READ MORE: Click for more brilliant Daily Star showbiz stories
Diddy’s birthday party back in 1998 was hosted at the Cipriani Wall Street and The Mirror reported the event is “believed to have cost $600,000 to host” with a guest list of “more than 1,500 people”. The resurfaced video comes soon after Diddy was recently arrested.
On 16 September, Combs was arrested and charged with sex trafficking, racketeering and transportation to engage in prostitution. Diddy has denied all the charges made against him.
Sean may also be facing the possibility of lawsuits from an alleged 120 people who are planning to sue the I’ll Be Missing You rapper for sexual abuse. However, his lawyer Erica Wolff released a statement saying that Diddy “denies” the claims and he “cannot address every meritless allegation in what has become a reckless media circus.
“That said, Mr Combs emphatically and categorically denies as false and defamatory any claim that he sexually abused anyone, including minors. He looks forward to proving his innocence and vindication himself in court if and when claims are filed and served where the truth will be established based on evidence, not speculation.”
Sean Combs is an American rapper and huge Hollywood personality, known for his Bad Boy Records label and for hosting wild parties during his heyday. The three-time Grammy Award winner has been credited with discovering a number of famous faces including Notorious B.I.G., Mary J Blige and Usher.
Combs is currently awaiting trial at the Metropolitan Detention Centre in Brooklyn. He was on suicide watch, but was recently taken off and is reportedly “focussed and very strong” while preparing his defence.
The Daily Star is now on WhatsApp and we want you to join us!
Through the app, we'll send you the sassiest showbiz stories, some naught headline and a seismic smattering of aliens...along with the latest breaking news of course.
To join our community, all you have to do to join is click on this link, select 'Join Chat' and you're in!
No one will be able to see who has sign up and no one can send messages except for the Daily Star team. We also treat our community members to competitions, special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners.
If you don’t like our community, you can check out any time you like. To leave our community click on the name at the top of your screen and choose Exit group. If you’re curious, you can read our Privacy Notice.
CLICK HERE TO JOIN
Have you joined Threads? Follow Daily Star to keep up to date on all things showbiz here
Want all the biggest Showbiz and TV news straight to your inbox? Sign up for our free Daily Star Showbiz newsletter
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.