Watch again as the nominations are announced for the 2024 Prime Time Emmy Awards. 
LOS ANGELES — “The Bear” went on a tear at Wednesday morning’s Emmy nominations with a comedy-series record 23, and “Shogun” led all nominees with 25 in a dominant year across categories for FX.
Nominations for the acclaimed culinary phenomenon “The Bear” included best comedy series and best actor in a comedy series for Jeremy Allen White – both awards it won at January’s strike-delayed ceremony, along with best actress for Ayo Edebiri, who won best supporting actress last time around.
It was also boosted by a bounty of guest acting nominations, including Jamie Lee Curtis and Olivia Colman, two of many Oscar winners who landed nominations.
“Shogun” took full advantage of the absence of last year’s top three nominees – “Succession,” “The White Lotus” and “The Last of Us” – to dominate in drama and give FX the kind of strong year often reserved for HBO.
Its nominations included best drama series, best actress in a drama series for Anna Sawai and best actor for Hiroyuki Sanada.
The show shook up the drama race when its makers said in May that despite reaching the end of the story of James Clavell’s historical novel about political machinations in early 17th century Japan, they would explore making more than one season, shifting the critical darling from the limited series category to the more prestigious drama one.
The nominees are being announced just six months after the last Emmy Awards, which were delayed by last year’s writers and actors strikes.
Getting back to its traditional schedule, the show will be held Sept. 15 at the Peacock Theater in Los Angeles and air on ABC.
“The Crown,” Netflix
“Fallout,” Prime Video
“The Gilded Age,” HBO/Max
“The Morning Show,” Apple TV+
“Mr. & Mrs. Smith,” Prime Video
“Shogun,” FX
“Slow Horses,” Apple TV+
“3 Body Problem,” Netflix”
“Abbott Elementary,” ABC
“The Bear,” FX
“Curb Your Enthusiasm,” HBO/Max
“Hacks,” HBO/Max
“Only Murders in the Building,” Hulu
“Palm Royale,” Apple TV+
“Reservation Dogs,” FX
“What We Do in the Shadows,” FX
“Baby Reindeer,” Netflix
“Fargo,” FX
“Lessons in Chemistry,” Apple TV+
“Ripley,” Netflix
“True Detective: Night Country,” HBO/Max
Idris Elba, “Hijack”
Donald Glover, “Mr. and Mrs. Smith”
Walter Goggins, “Fallout”
Gary Oldman, “Slow Horses”
Hiroyuki Sanada, “Shogun”
Dominic West, “The Crown”
Jennifer Aniston, “The Morning Show”
Carrie Coon, “The Gilded Age”
Maya Erskine, “Mr. And Mrs. Smith”
Anna Sawai, “Shogun”
Imelda Staunton, “The Crown”
Reese Witherspoon, “The Morning Show”
Matt Berry, “What We Do in the Shadows”
Larry David, “Curb Your Enthusiasm”
Steve Martin, “Only Murders in the Building”
Martin Short, “Only Murders in the Building”
Jeremy Allen White, “The Bear”
D’Pharaoh Woon-A-Tai, “Reservation Dogs.”
Quinta Brunson, “Abbott Elementary”
Ayo Edebiri, “The Bear”
Selena Gomez, “Only Murders in the Building”
Maya Rudolph, “Loot”
Jean Smart, “Hacks”
Kristin Wiig, “Palm Royale”
“Mr. Monk’s Last Case: A Monk Movie,” Peacock
“Quiz Lady,” Hulu
“Red, White and Royal Blue,” Prime Video
“Scoop,” Netflix
“Unfrosted,” Netflix
Copyright 2024 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed without permission.
Receive the latest in local entertainment news in your inbox weekly!
Watch again as the nominations are announced for the 2024 Prime Time Emmy Awards. 
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Sign up with
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Sign in with
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.