by 
	Delilah Gray

Trending News Editor

	In Hollywood, friendships and relationships come and go. While we’ve seen quite a few friendships in Hollywood in the last decades upon decades, it’s still a rarity. However, there’s one duo that insiders say will be friends until their final days, and that is Taylor Swift and Selena Gomez. Since their friendship started in 2008, so much has changed, such as their career paths, how they’re both now billionaires, and how Gomez is engaged to Benny Blanco. However, insiders say that their friendship will last forever, and gave super rare details as to why.

	










	In case you missed it, insiders recently spilled to Life and Style Magazine that they are making it a priority to stay in each other’s lives, including at their weddings and if they decide to have children. (Gomez has previously discussed how her medical issues may put a baby in danger but has discussed adopting instead. As for Swift, she opts not to answer the question, but many insiders claim it’s on her mind.)













	Related story



	
	
		
					Taylor Swift’s ‘Gap Year’ May Cause a Major Issue With Reputation (Taylor’s Version)		
	










	“Jokes aside, it’s safe to say that their fans could expect to see each of them in the other’s wedding party,” the insider said. “They even talk about their future children playing together. Taylor and Selena will be in each other’s lives forever.”



	They added that those feud rumors are nothing but talk, adding, “Taylor and Selena are still besties, and they have more in common today than ever before!”

	For those who don’t know, Swift and Gomez met back in 2008 through the Jonas Brothers. At the time, Gomez was dating Nick Jonas, and Swift was dating Joe Jonas. They met on a double date in Aug 2008, and nearly ten years later, Gomez told KISS FM UK about it.

	“We actually dated the Jonas Brothers together! It was hysterical,” she said. “It was amazing, because [Taylor] was the girl with the big curly hair and all the bracelets and the cowboy boots. And I was definitely up-and-coming, and we just clicked. It was the best thing we got out of those relationships.”
Before you go, click here to see the all the celebrities who’ve adopted children!

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
The stories you care about, delivered daily.
SheKnows is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 SheMedia, LLC. All Rights Reserved.