Whether you prefer the simplicity of chic, classic minimalism, or the boldness of a 3D statement look, this year's nail trends have literally something for everyone.
There is no doubt that manicures have recently transformed into dynamic forms of personal expression, and as we delve into 2024, the world of nails is on a mission to captivate all mani-enthusiasts with an exciting mix of classic styles and experimental trends.
Diving into the sea of social media nail trends is a bit like navigating a dazzling maze, but here at OK! we've conquered the challenge and managed to handpick our favourite manicure styles that are going to be big in the coming months. In addition, we've also gathered a stellar lineup of products, making it easier for you to rock these looks at home. 
So, whether you can't make it to the nail tech every month or just prefer a cosy DIY session, we've got you covered.
This timeless shade had a bit of a hiatus, but guess what? It's gearing up for a major comeback after having been spotted all over the fashion runways and the tips of big celebrities.
With Hailey Bieber and Selena Gomez recently showing off their red mani, the style is definitely having a moment and will continue to shine with deep cherry and merlot reds for autumn-winter and bright tomatoey hues for spring-summer season. You can rock any finish you fancy—chrome, glazes, matte, or high gloss, just as long as it's red!
Shop the trend:
 Palette London Vermilion Poppy Nail Paint,  £8 here 
 Sephora Collection Color Hit Polish in the shade ' Firework',  now £3.15 here 
 Mylee Gel Polish French in the shade 'Cancan',  £8 here 
As the name implies, this mani style is inspired by the idea of the colourful spiritual energy cloud that some believe surrounds us.
What makes this style truly cool is its limitless flexibility—you can choose any combination of colours without fear of missteps; there are no rigid rules to abide by.
For 2024 the aura style is going bold, incorporating multiple shades, 3D metallic effects and decorations. All you need to do if you're trying a DIY version is to lay your base colour (make it light, milky or clear, nothing too bright) and then pick your other hues and place a drop wherever your creativity takes you. At this point all is left to do is to take a mini nail sponge and buff the colour in order to create a cloudy effect. Once satisfied with your unique pattern, allow it to dry before completing the look with a generous layer of glossy top coat.
Shop the trend:
 Nails Inc. Shimmer All The Way 12-Piece Nail Polish Set,  now £20 here  (down from £90) 
 Rimmel London Super Gel French Manicure Nail Polish, in the shade 'English Rose',  £5.39 here 
 Essie Gel Couture Clear Nail Polish Top Coat,  £7.99 here 
Embodying the essence of the no make-up make-up trend, soap nails stand out as a major trend predicted for the coming year. 
Much like the way your skin thrives with less make-up, this unique manicure style encourages you to pamper your hands and nails with care. Incorporate cuticle oil into your routine and indulge in meticulous filing and buffing for the ultimate TLC.
Once your nails are polished to perfection, the application is quite easy. Start with a clear base coat, followed by a subtle milky hue polish, and seal the deal with a high-shine clear top coat. A small tip? Use loads of hand cream to soften the skin and give your hands a little bit of extra love.
Shop the trend:
 Sally Hansen Double Duty Strengthening Base and Top Coat,  £4.35 here 
 Essie Nail Polish in the shade 'Stirring Secrets',  £4.99 here 
 Beauty Pie Flexiglass™ UV Top Coat,  £7 here  for members
Let's be real, who doesn't love animal print manis? Tortoiseshell, zebra, leopard – we'll take them all!
Whether you opt for a subtle accent nail or fully embrace the trend with an all-over manicure, these nails will make a fierce and fashionable statement in 2024. Creating animal print nails at home can be a fun and creative DIY project all you need is to choose your colour combo and have fun with it trying to recreate the pattern of your choice.
Pro tip: Keep acetone handy during your nail art session to easily correct any mistakes that may occur.
If you're considering giving your natural nails a break, press-on nails are having their moment. Brands like Lottie London or Elegant Touch offer stunning animal print-inspired styles to elevate your look effortlessly. 
Shop the trend:
 Nails inc. As Purr Leopard Duo set,  £15 here 
 Elegant Touch Luxe Looks Nails Totally Tort,  £6.89 here