Get up to 77% off on all your gifting needs this season.

													By
												

	Rylee Johnston


	All products and services featured are independently chosen by editors. However, Billboard may receive a commission on orders placed through its retail links, and the retailer may receive certain auditable data for accounting purposes.

	The holiday season has arrived, and with it many savings opportunities to check off all the gifts for everyone on your list — including the music lovers. Discount events have been happening earlier than ever this year, and rather than wait until the last minute to stock up on all your gifting needs, stores are hosting early Black Friday deals now, rewarding all the early shoppers with slashed prices on everything from tech, beauty, home and fashion essentials.





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					This $18 Fridge Magnet Can Be Personalized With Your Favorite Song (And Actually Play It)		
	



	05/02/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	





		Explore	

















	
		
					Billboard		
					


See latest videos, charts and news



See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	No matter who you’re shopping for this season, you can save cash and get all the musician-loved products for the fans in your life, whether they’re an avid vinyl collector in need of some record player accessories or a K-pop fan looking to embody their favorite group member.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	You don’t want to wait too long to score deals on gifts for your loved ones: These savings will only be going on for a limited time. Already, sizes and stock are selling out, and the last thing you want is to see an “out of stock” message on your most-wanted items.

	Keep reading to learn more.

	Rather than seek out the savings yourself, ShopBillboard put together a list of some of the best early Black Friday deals for you to buy online now below.

		More than 4,000 Amazon shoppers have snagged these wireless earbuds this month — and now you can score them for under $25. No matter where you’re traveling, you can throw the compact charging holder into your bag while the earbuds themselves provide up to 10 hours of non-stop listening in a single charge. 	

Walmart+ is being slashed for 50% off dropping to under $50. If you’re an avid shopper, you’ll be able to test out the shopping service for free for 30-days before being charged only $49 for the entire year. In addition to getting day-of delivery on select items, you’ll also get free shipping and member-exclusive discounts.	

		Ulta’s early Black Friday deals includes 30% off Billie Eilish’s second perfume. Not only does it come in a chic display-worthy bottle, but you can channel the singer with each spritz and enjoy notes of apple blossom, poppy flowers and palo santo.	

		As Moana 2‘s premiere date approaches, you can sing your favorite songs from the first movie with this karaoke microphone inspired by the sequel. The device comes with two buttons: one that plays music and one that let’s you sing your heart out with echoing acoustics that’ll have you feel as though you’re on stage.	

		Spinning your favorite albums has never been easier (and affordable) with Crosley’s stylish record player. The device comes in a range of shades depending on your preference and has adjustable features like pitch control and Bluetooth capabilities that’ll let you stream music straight from your smart phone and through the turntable’s built-in speakers.	

		Channel your inner Laufey with a pair of delicate lace bows similar to the signature accessory the singer sports on stage. You’ll receive two barrettes made from an elegant lace material that you can simply slide into your hair for a more put together look.	

		Snoop Dogg’s bestselling cookbook has been marked down 63% off through Amazon’s early Black Friday savings. Now, you can serve up some of the rapper’s favorite recipe’s including his take on baked mac and cheese and fried bologna sandwiches.  	

		K-pop fans won’t be able to resist these cargo pants — especially since they’re a favorite of BTS’ Jin. The style comes with a lightweight material that’s loose for a more relaxed fit while the built in pockets on each leg provide ample storage for all of your small essentials.	

		Turn your home into a personal concert with the help of this sleek Marshall speaker. It’s a ShopBillboard favorite no only for its leather exterior but crisp sound that you can even personalize from the bass to the treble using the knobs on top. 	

		TWICE has noted these Hoka sneakers as a favorite in their Pinterest gift wish list — and we can see why. Not only does the monochrome coloring give off a more elevated sporty look, but the plush cushioning helps ensure your feet are supported and comfortable with each step.	

		Cook up new and old recipes with the popular Always Pan from the Selena Gomez-approved cooking brand. The pan has become a cult-favorite for its vibrant style as well as ability to evenly cook dishes and compact size.	

		Kim Kardashian’s collab with Beats gets a $100 discount dropping the chic over-ear headphones to under $300. With each wear you’ll not only get custom spatial audio and up to 40 hours of battery on a single charge.  	

		Kate Spade’s 30% off sale will give you designer arm candy for a fraction of the cost — including on this sophisticated suede hobo bag. Featuring a red mixed material exterior with gold accents, you can elevate your outfit with each wear while keeping your phone and wallet secure.	

		Singers including Sabrina Carpenter, Charli XCX and Lana Del Rey are just a few of the artists who have partnered with SKIMS and now the brand’s bi-annual sale gives you a chance to snag celeb-loved pieces for a wallet-friendly price. One of the most popular picks includes the long slip dress that comes with a soft yet stretchy material that’ll hug your body without leaving you feel restricted. You can also pair it with a denim jacket for a more casual look or wear it alone to dress it up.	

		Dress up your bed in celeb-loved Brooklinen bedding. The duvet set is currently on sale and features a temperature-regulating material that’s both soft and cool and comes in a variety of patterns and shades depending on your style.	

	While early savings opportunities are happening now, you don’t have to worry about missing out on major discounts as Black Friday is still slated to have just as good — if not better — discounts on all of the top-rated and more viral products out there.

	For more product recommendations, check out ShopBillboard‘s roundups of the best gifts for musicians, gifts for singers and gender-neutral gifts.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.