By JANE HERZ FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  21:02, 20 August 2024   |  Updated:  13:23, 22 August 2024   
 7
View  comments
If you're obsessed with viral beauty brand Sol de Janeiro's popular Cheirosa 62 scent but just can't seem to bite the bullet on its $38 price tag, you're in luck.
Target has a dupe that customers are saying is 'identical' to the celebrity-loved Cheirosa 62 - and it's less than half the price at $18.29. 
Beauty lovers can head to the big-box department store to scoop up the Pistachio Please body mist by Fine'ry, which has been declared a sure-fire 'dupe' for the pricey Sol de Janeiro fragrance. 
While Sol de Janeiro's mist has notes of pistachio and vanilla, Fine'ry's does as well, boasting dreamy aromas of 'Pistachio Milk, Fluffy Vanilla, and Tonka Bean.'
And, like Sol de Janeiro, Fine'ry is also a brand that is vegan and cruelty-free.
If you're obsessed with viral beauty brand Sol de Janeiro's popular Cheirosa 62 scent but just can't seem to bite the bullet on its $38 price tag, you're in luck
Target sells a dupe by the brand Fine'ry that customers are saying is 'identical' to the celebrity-loved Cheirosa 62 - and it's less than half the price $18.29
While Sol de Janeiro's mist has notes of pistachio and vanilla, Fine'ry's version also has similar notes of fluffy vanilla and pistachio milk
Still don't believe the brand sold at Target will live up to the hype of Sol de Janeiro?
This past spring, South Carolina-based content creator Cortney Dryden took viewers inside Target to pick the perfume up, calling it the 'best dupe ever' for Cheirosa 62.
'There's a reason it's sold-out almost everywhere,' Dryden promised. 
'Packaging is adorable, perfume lasts all day, and the scent is spot-on,' she shared.
Another TikToker named Hailey G recently praised the Fine'ry mist, too - and take it from her, as she owns both of the scents.
She urged viewers to 'save their money' on the Sol de Janeiro spritz and head to Target instead.
'It smells exactly the same,' Hailey claimed.
Expert fragrance influencer Paul Fino also agreed, testing it out for himself in a TikTok video posted this past winter.
Sol de Janeiro is a brand that is loved by both celebrities like Selena Gomez and influencers alike, but some of their products can be a bit pricey
Fragrance influencer Paul Fino (left) said that the Fine'ry perfume smelled 'absolutely identical' to the one by Sol de Janeiro as another TikToker named Hailey G (right) also praised the Fine'ry mist
The perfume influencer admitted that it smelled 'absolutely identical' to the Cheirosa 62.
'Another 62 dupe on the loose!' he exclaimed.
In the comments section of his video, many seconded the fact that the $18.29 body mist was an indisputable dupe.
'Smells JUST like Cheriosa 62, the og $78 one from sol doesn't even smell like Cheriosa 62,' someone wrote.
Another agreed, 'Mine literally just arrived and it’s totally identical!!! So happy with this deal!'
'The way I RAN to target and got this as soon as I saw this… love the scent and hoping it lasts longer than the Sol de Janeiro,' someone else wrote.
So, the next time you're tempted to go to Sephora to buy the nearly $40 body spray, turn around and head to your local Target instead - you may end up being taken by surprise. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group