2023 was the year of Beyoncé , Taylor Swift, budding romantic relationships, and so much more. Check out our 20 favorite celebrity moments from the last year below.  
The year 2023 was wildly popular for rapper Megan Thee Stallion. She released her highly anticipated single, “Cobra,” appeared on a new song with Cardi B, and joined Beyoncé on stage at her Renaissance World Tour stop in Houston, Texas.  
Speaking of Beyoncé and her monumental album, Renaissance, the superstar continued to show the world why she’s one of one in 2023. Her world tour, which concluded in Kansas City, Missouri, after 56 shows, grossed a record-breaking $579 million at the box office — making her the highest-grossing female touring artist in history. Good job, B!
Since we’re on the topic of dynamic women, we can’t forget about Taylor Swift’s massive tour, which, like Beyoncé, generated so much income it boosted local and national economies.
Want to learn about girl math? In addition to Beyoncé and Taylor Swift making some serious dough, Barbie was the highest-grossing film of 2023 ($1.38 billion) and in Warner Bros’ 100-year history. I think it’s safe to say they slayed.
This relationship was the perfect combo for sports fans and pop culture lovers. It involved two of the world’s favorite things — football and Taylor Swift. Hey, Trav, when’s the wedding?
Tom Sandoval became one of the most hated men on television in 2023 after cheating on his girlfriend of 10 years with her best friend for nearly seven months. The scandal was so shocking the Vanderpump Rules finale became the series’ most-watched episode, drawing in 4.1 million viewers.
Finally, after years of abuse, Britney Spears was able to tell her story in her touching memoir, The Woman In Me. The book became a No. 1 New York Times best-Seller in its first week after selling 1.1 million copies. 
We have so much to thank hip-hop for. RUN DMC, Jay-Z — the list could go on forever. Here’s to another 50!
Rihanna returned to the big stage during the Super Bowl LVII Halftime Show and gagged us all with a mesmerizing mashup of her best singles. She even brought a surprise guest on stage with her, as she announced her second pregnancy.
What a year for new reality TV shows. We got news series like Summer House: Martha’s Vineyard, House of Villains, and the Emmy-award-winning franchise, The Traitors.
2023 was the year for tell-alls! Adding to the list of celebrity best-sellers was Prince Harry’s memoir, Spare. 
Talk about a banger. “On My Mama” by Victoria Monet was the perfect hype song for 2023. The single peaked on the Billboard  Hot 100 at No. 35 and received two nominations at the 66th Annual Grammy Awards. It even made President Barack Obama's 2023 "Best Songs" list. 
 Nobody could’ve prepared us for the debut of Kylie Jenner and Timothée Chalamet. Since April 2023, the A-list couple has been all over the headlines, most recently over rumored drama with Selena Gomez.  
The Gwyneth Paltrow trial was everything for us. The Oscar-winning actress remained unbothered while skier Terry Sanderson sued her for $300,000 seven years after their snow accident in Utah. When asked if she suffered any losses, she replied, “Well, we lost half a day of skiing.”
Jen Shah being fired from the Real Housewives of Salt Lake City and reporting to prison for her seven-year sentence was the best thing to happen to this series. It led to an iconic fourth season and explosive finale, which attracted two million viewers, making it the show’s most-watched episode since its premiere in 2020.
 Any Kardashian announcement will break the internet, and Kourtney’s 2023 pregnancy announcement was no different. The reality star shared the news with her partner, Travis Barker, at a Blink-182 concert with a sign that read, “Travis, I’m pregnant!” The message was a reenactment from a scene in the group’s 1999 music video, “All The Small Things.”  
After touring for two years, Harry Styles decided to ditch the luscious locks and go for a bolder look: bald. The former One Direction singer debuted his new look on Instagram in November and received mixed reactions. One user commented, "Whatever happened to no shave November?"
Sex and the City  fans were living for the news that Samantha Jones (played by Kim Cattrall) would return to the series for the first time in years. Her scene, a phone call to Carrie Bradshaw to share the news her flight from London to New York had been delayed, was short, but it was enough to get everybody talking.  
It’s about time Troy Bolton received his flowers — I mean, star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. 
Perhaps one of the best parts of 2023 was the SAG-AFTRA performer’s strike ending. After four months, both sides reached a deal In November that would provide better wages, streaming bonuses, and protection against AI (artificial intelligence). This means, in short, Season 3 of The White Lotus is on its way back to us.  
Jacquez Printup has been writing about all things entertainment, including reality TV, pop culture, and celebrity news, since his time as a student at Ohio University.  Since graduating, he's continued binging seasons of "Vanderpump Rules" and “Big Brother” and talking about them online.  His writing has been featured in publications like ScreenRant, Yahoo, RealityTea, Yardbarker, and in the popular television series "The Real Housewives of Atlanta
More must-reads:
Get the latest news and rumors, customized to your favorite sports and teams. Emailed daily. Always free!