From awards shows like the Oscars to prestigious events like the Met Gala and the Cannes Film Festival, the biggest names in entertainment and fashion make bold moves on the red carpet.
Some of their getups may have missed the mark. 
But a select few pull off incredible ensembles, which is why we're keeping track of the best-dressed celebrities on the red carpet this year. 
Here's who has made the list so far.
Her silk Armani Privé gown — designed with a high halter neck, floral appliqué, and daring cutouts — made a statement on the Golden Globes red carpet in January.
Gomez paired it with coordinating ruby-red heels, silver diamond Bulgari jewelry, and black nail polish that subtly matched the dress underlining.
The "Past Lives" actor wore a Loewe dress that was best appreciated when she posed to the side, revealing it was semi-backless.
Lee's gown was one of several looks that incorporated the bridal trend on the Golden Globes red carpet. But the decadent fabric and her retro 1950s bob gave Lee an edge, channeling old Hollywood glamour.
Randolph's custom-made Rodarte gown was crafted from a deep burgundy fabric.
The addition of deep-red sparkly sequins across the top, resembling two opening clamshells, drew subtle parallels to Ariel from "The Little Mermaid."
Robbie continued to pay tribute to her "Barbie" character on the red carpet at the Golden Globes, wearing a sequin-heavy, hot-pink Armani Privé gown.
Inspired by the Superstar Barbie doll from 1977, her custom-made dress featured a deep V-neckline and was accessorized with a fishnet boa.
The singer's Schiaparelli ensemble brought an element of fine art to the red carpet.
The strapless gown connected a black velvet bodice decorated with gold embellishments that traced the outline of a human body to a low mermaid-style skirt. According to the brand's Instagram, the design was a tribute to a 1938 collaboration between its founder, Elsa Schiaparelli, and the famous Spanish surrealist artist Salvador Dalí.
While it wasn't the most practical ensemble, given that Dua Lipa could barely sit in it, the struggle was well worth it.
The "Abbott Elementary" star put an original spin on the classic pinstripe suit at the Golden Globes. His tan-colored ensemble consisted of a slim-fitted jacket with oversize shoulder pads and flared pants.
He completed the look with a skinny black tie, a cream-colored floral boutonniere, and shiny black dress shoes.
Speaking to WWD on the red carpet, Williams said he was a big fan of the flared pants.
"I love a flare. I feel like women shouldn't be the only ones to have flow on the red carpet — men should have that chance as well," he said.
Olsen dazzled in a lace-heavy Vivienne Westwood gown originally designed for the brand's 2023 bridal collection.
The gown stood out among wedding-inspired looks with its delicate lace panels on the skirt and similar detailing across the top of the corset.
The "Marvel" star added a pop of color to her nearly all-white ensemble with a red lip.
The all-black tea-length dress was covered in lace and had sheer embroidered fishnet sleeves.
Pike paired it with a matching veil that she originally thought to include after suffering a ski accident during Christmas. Despite healing before the Golden Globes, she wore the dramatic headpiece anyway, telling Variety's Marc Malkin she fell "in love" with the look.
DuVernay's custom Louis Vuitton gown was reminiscent of the iconic Givenchy evening dress Audrey Hepburn wore in "Breakfast at Tiffany's."
However, the director's version gave the old Hollywood silhouette a modern twist with a daring V-neckline, white poplin padded sleeves, and elbow-length satin gloves.
Pugh has long been a fan of the daring sheer trend, but she arrived at the Governors Awards rocking a different yet striking style.
Her soft-pink peplum Rodarte gown featured a delicate halter neck accentuated with a floral appliqué made of tulle.
The loudest dress in the room isn't always the best, as Rodrigo showed with her floor-length Yves Saint Laurent gown, which had a sweetheart neckline.
The "Drivers License" singer added a pop of color with her glam for the night — ruby-red nail polish and a coordinating red lip.
Keoghan's Stella McCartney ensemble was a daring spin on classic menswear.
The black-and-white ensemble modernized the traditional tuxedo with flared pants, a cropped jacket, and lacey detailing poking out from the sleeves.
Lee's red Bottega Veneta gown was a sharp departure from her bridal-inspired Golden Globes ensemble.
The sculptural gown featured a long corset defined with padded detailing around the neckline and waist. She kept the rest of her look minimal, aside from a pair of shiny silver stilettos.
The "Barbie" star looked sharp at the Governors Awards in a traditional three-piece tuxedo designed by Moschino.
It featured dramatic lapels and a satin waistband. Ferrera accessorized with black boot heels and red nail polish.
Her sleek velvet Valdrin Sahiti dress sparkled with intricate gold embroidered flowers that traced the lining on one side. Across the top of her dress, 3D details made the flowers appear as if they were blooming.
Henson completed her look with silver earrings and swept her short bob into a chic side part.
While most celebrities opted for subdued winter tones at the Governors Awards, Woodley brought a much-needed pop of summer when she arrived in a two-toned green Carolina Herrera dress.
The ball gown had a long emerald skirt and a strappy mint-green top.
Quiet luxury continues to be one of the hottest trends in fashion, and Close's simple yet elegant couture Dior dress at the Governors Awards was the perfect example.
The loose-fitting, column-style gown came with long sleeves, a high neckline, and extra fabric detailing on one of the shoulders.
Gladstone graced the red carpet in a deep-blue Christian Siriano ball gown with a sweetheart neckline.
The off-the-shoulder dress featured a voluminous skirt that wrapped around the interior silhouette.
The "Killers of the Flower Moon" actor accessorized with an eye-catching pair of blue-beaded elk ivory earrings finished with dentalium shells.
Bomer went all out in a cobalt-blue Berluti suit. He left his matching shirt slightly unbuttoned, drawing attention to the silver necklaces he accessorized with.
The "Fellow Travelers" star completed the look with matching blue dress shoes.
Domingo layered his yellow Valentino suit over a baby-blue shirt and completed the look by wearing a textured gold coat around his shoulders.
The coat revealed a royal-blue lining that subtly tied back to the color of his shirt.
Brooks looked pretty in pink in her strappy Monsoori gown. The floor-length dress featured layers of soft pink tulle and an oversize black bow.
Letting the dress shine, Brooks kept the rest of her look relatively simple, opting for a few silver jewelry pieces and a vintage-inspired bob hairstyle.
Robbie, who has already graced BI's best red-carpet looks list, wore a red leather Balmain dress to the Critics Choice Awards. The off-the-shoulder gown featured floral appliqué in a similar leather material.
Her scarlet gown was a sharp departure from her recent Barbiecore red-carpet style, but it did prove that Robbie doesn't need to wear all-pink to capture the spotlight.
Red is proving to be one of the popular color choices this red-carpet season.
At the Critics Choice Awards, Melton was among those who successfully wore the color. He layered a crisp white button-up with a black bow tie under a chic ruby-red suit jacket.
The "May December" star wore coordinating red pants and edgy black platform loafers.
Edebiri is quickly becoming one of the most exciting stars in red-carpet fashion this season.
She arrived at the Emmys wearing a black strapless, all-leather Louis Vuitton gown with a built-in corset and oval-shaped structured skirt.
Edebiri completed her look with strappy black stilettos and delicate silver jewelry pieces.
Tabasco's custom Marni tea-length dress featured layers of colorful floral art prints. Each flower was lined with white, leaning into the collage-style design of the dress.
"The White Lotus" star completed her look with a side-swept hairstyle and pink heels.
Waterhouse arrived wearing a backless red Valentino dress that she told E! News was redesigned before the Emmys to fit her baby bump. She and Robert Pattinson are expecting their first child.
The last-minute tailoring was worth it as the "Daisy Jones & The Six" star looked effortlessly chic on the red carpet.
Rae wore a high-neck Pamella Roland dress adorned with hundreds of feathers and intricate silver gems.
Photographs from the red carpet showed Rae playfully waving the long sleeves, proving that high fashion doesn't always have to be so serious.
Glover arrived at the Emmys wearing a black Bode suit jacket and coordinating pants embellished with pale pink and green beads. Woven together, the beads created tiny blooming flowers.
The "Atlanta" star layered the jacket over a low-cut black shirt, completing the look with chic black ballet flats.
Snook's red dress featured a built-in corset bodice seamlessly connected to a voluminous draped skirt.
The silhouette gave Snook the air of an old Hollywood starlet, which was only amplified by her dazzling Cartier jewelry pieces.
Cyrus, who became a two-time Grammy Award-winning artist at this year's show, pulled off a daring red-carpet ensemble inspired by 1970s music legends like Tina Turner and Cher.
The golden see-through Maison Margiela dress was made entirely from metallic mesh. Cyrus accessorized with a pair of Tabi heels, Tiffany & Co. jewelry, and a bouffant hairstyle.
Swift, who surprised fans by announcing a brand-new studio album at the Grammys, arrived on the red carpet in a sleeveless Schiaparelli corset gown with a daring thigh-high slit.
She added a hint of edginess to the ethereal white gown with black opera gloves, heels, and an assortment of necklaces. One of the pieces was a watch choker set to midnight, a subtle Easter egg reference to the record that won her album of the year and best pop vocal album on the night.
Before winning best new artist at the Grammys, Monét made her mark on the red carpet in a caramel Versace gown.
The custom-designed satin dress was strapless and featured a semi-sheer bodice. It connected to a ruched skirt at the waist that flowed into a short train. She paired it with a snake-shaped silver necklace.
Kravtiz nailed rock 'n' roll with his daring, leather-heavy Grammys red-carpet look. The singer layered a cropped Rick Owens jacket over a sheer Maison Margiela top and paired it with custom-made Chrome Hearts pants.
He accessorized with Saint Laurent boots and vintage Dior glasses.
The rapper, nominated in the best new artist category, put her spin on the Canadian tuxedo at the Grammys.
Her look, which was custom-designed by Baby Phat, consisted of a matching dark-blue denim two-piece set. The long skirt had a slit roughly cut down the center, while the top was lined with orange and white fur.
She accessorized with gold heels and a large cross-shaped necklace.
Larson wore a peachy pink custom-designed ensemble by Versace. It featured a dramatic ruched skirt, accentuated with two knots on the side, and a coordinating long-sleeved cropped top that exposed her midriff. 
The "Lessons in Chemistry" star let her look take center stage, keeping her accessories minimal and her long, slightly curled blonde hair in a sophisticated side part.  
Domingo cemented his spot on our best red-carpet looks of 2024 with his SAG Awards outfit.
Wearing a baby-pink custom Off-White suit, Domingo put a twist on the classic silhouette with the addition of several straps crisscrossing over his chest.
He accessorized with an Omega watch, Bulgari jewelry, and black Christian Louboutin boots.
The "Barbie" star wore a bespoke scarlet Vera Wang dress. She told E! News' SAG Awards red-carpet correspondent Laverne Cox that it was made from velvet imported from Italy.
Greenblatt rocked a deep shade of red on her nails, subtly coordinating with the sleeveless dress, and paired it with Simon G jewelry and Jimmy Choo heels.
Wong, who brought home the award for best female actor in a miniseries, wore a dynamic black-and-white Iris van Herpen gown decorated with an array of delicate diamond appliqué attached to thin wires. Following her arrival on the red carpet, she removed the 3D elements of her dress for the awards ceremony and her acceptance speech.
Resembling a walking piece of art, Wong kept the rest of her look minimal, pairing silver dangling earrings with a clear pair of her signature round glasses.
Hüller, who was nominated for Best Actress in "Anatomy of a Fall," wore a custom black velvet Schiaparelli gown featuring a dramatic off-the-shoulder design.
The sleek dress, which reinvents the classic Bardot neckline, has a silver padlock-shaped jewel at the center of the bodice. Hüller accessorized the look with Cartier jewelry.
Nyong'o, who helped present the award for Best Supporting Actress as a previous winner in the category, made a statement at the Oscars in an ethereal purple dress covered in sequins and feather detailing across the waist and down the train.
The gown, which she paired with De Beers jewels, was custom-made for her by Armani Privé. The icy color harkened back to the powder-blue Prada dress Nyong'o wore to the 2014 Oscars, where she won the Best Supporting Actress award for her role in "12 Years a Slave," E! News correspondent Zanna Roberts Rassi reported.
Mulligan, who played Leonard Bernstein's wife in "Maestro," lost out on the Best Actress Oscar. But, in our opinion, she won an unofficial award for best vintage-inspired look.
Her dress, a strapless mermaid-style Balenciaga piece with a black bodice layered over a low white tulle skirt, was a recreation of an archival dress the fashion house originally made in 1951.
In keeping with the vintage theme (and perhaps as a nod to "Maestro"), Mulligan accessorized the outfit with a pair of black opera gloves.
Fererra, a first-time Oscar nominee, honored "Barbie" by wearing a light pink metallic Versace gown with halter-neck straps and a daring neckline.
She paired it with a silver-and-red jeweled Pomellato necklace and styled her chic bob in a loose side part.
Speaking to Harpers Bazaar ahead of the Oscars, Ferrera said she fell in love with the gown instantly.
"The moment I stepped into the dress, I gasped and started to dance," she said.
The "Wicked" star wore a skirt and cropped tuxedo top, both by Thom Browne, that nailed the "Garden of Time" Met Gala theme. 
Both pieces of the set were covered in black sequins, ornamental gold, red and green insects, and hundreds of pink flower petals. She completed the look with black platform boots, a pink bag, and silver jewelry.
The South African singer artfully represented the Met Gala's "Garden of Time" theme.
She told E! News' red carpet correspondent Ross Mathews that her skin-tight custom Balmain gown, covered in tiny grains of sand, was a reference to the "sands of time," which she highlighted further by carrying a glass hourglass in place of a purse.
While the ensemble wasn't the most practical — after all, she needed to be carried up the Met Gala steps — it was one of the most talked-about looks of the evening. 
Reed, the head designer for Nina Ricci, wore a silk pantsuit with a ruffled bustle, a 3D corset, and a circular headpiece adorned with black arrows.
The designer's delicately wavy hair and coordinating pale blue eyeshadow made the ensemble even more celestial. All in all, Reed's look gave the impression of an expensive piece of art brought to life.
Patel may not have been a household name before she arrived at the Met Gala, but she certainly is one now.
All eyes were on the entrepreneur and philanthropist as she floated up the Met Gala steps in a light-gold Iris Van Herpenn gown with sheer panels, a short train made of scallop-shaped pieces of fabric, and a strapless body-hugging corset.
The pièce de résistance, though, was her petal-shaped armbands, which literally fluttered as she walked.
Hadid has delivered daring looks at Cannes over the years, but the model wore one of her boldest to date on the red carpet for "The Apprentice" in May 2024.
Her tan Saint Laurent midi dress was almost completely sheer. The mesh-like fabric was ruched along the waist and tied in small knots. She paired it with open-toe heels in a darker shade of brown and gold earrings, and her hair was styled to one side.
The French model/singer Yseult turned heads at Cannes in a black-and-white Christian Dior ensemble that paid tribute to the fashion house's "New Look," a silhouette dating back to 1947 that the Metropolitan Museum said celebrated "femininity" and "opulence."
Yseult's custom outfit consisted of a pleated black skirt, a structured white blazer, a black straw hat,  pointed-toe heels, and leather gloves.
Schafer attended a morning photocall at Cannes in a white Prada ensemble. The look featured a bodysuit with a structured bodice and a slightly open ruffled skirt reminiscent of an apron. Schafer accessorized the dress with a white bandana and pale blue pointed-toe Prada heels.
If kitchen couture becomes a thing, it might be because Schafer completely nailed this summery, playful look.
The model's gray patterned suit, designed by LGN Louis Gabriel Nouchi, featured slightly oversized pants and an expertly tailored double-breasted jacket cinched in at the waist.
Mason wore it sans shirt but added a few layers of silver chain necklaces. He accessorized with colorful snakeskin-like boots — proving there is a right way to wear clashing patterns.
Jump to