Gap has a reputation for conceiving some of fashion's most iconic (and unexpected) collaborations, as evidenced by its previous collections with LoveShackFancy and Palace. Now, in partnership with Dôen, the brand is releasing a limited-edition capsule that pays homage to the label's nostalgic, California-chic heritage — and it arrives just in time for summer (because of course).

Founded by sisters Margaret and Katherine Kleveland in 2016, Dôen has emerged as a bonafide force within fashion, recognized most for its romantic, puff-sleeve gowns which have been embraced by fashion editors and A-listers alike; Taylor Swift, Selena Gomez, and Kaia Gerber are all notable fans. 

Through this 51-piece collection, the capsule reimagines some of Gap's most timeless, Americana-inspired styles through a more feminine lens — think button-down tops with scalloped collars, sleeved dresses with floral embroidery, flared khaki pants, and oversize denim jackets that ooze a lived-in feel. The line includes a wide assortment of pieces, from matching sets and loungewear to kid's apparel and accessories, all of which blend both label's signature aesthetics into one seamless collab.

"Gap partners with brands that champion originality and use fashion as a powerful form of self-expression. Our collaboration with Dôen celebrates a feminine aesthetic brought to life though some of our most-loved essentials," says Mark Breitbard, President and CEO of Gap, in a release for the company. 
With Lily Aldridge and her sister, model and singer Ruby Aldridge, starring as the faces of the campaign, the collection also aims to portray the beauty of sisterhood, showcasing the importance of self-expression and connectivity even in our differences. 
The Gap x Dôen collection officially launches May 17 at 12 p.m. ET on Gap.com; prices start at $20 and pieces will be available in adult sizing, along with select shared styles that are designed for kids, toddlers, and babies. In the meantime, shoppers can stock up on a number of other wardrobe essentials from the brand, including everything from comfortable bras and everyday leggings to classic baby tees. 
Kyley Warren is an award-winning writer, editor, and affiliate strategist with more than four years of experience in the publishing space. She currently works as an assistant editor on PS Shopping and is an expert on all things related to shopping and fashion. She previously worked with Entertainment Tonight as a style commerce writer, and her byline has appeared in publications globally.