By CHARLOTTE VOSSEN FOR YOU MAGAZINE 
 Published:  16:38, 5 December 2024   |  Updated:  09:36, 6 December 2024   
View  comments
‘Tis the season of hosiery. Paired with a mini skirt and a sequin blazer (we’re looking at you, Selena Gomez), or styled with a little black dress and a pair of killer heels (à la Alexa Chung at the Fashion Awards), tights and stockings are a great way to add style – and perhaps an extra layer of warmth – to your outfits during the autumn and winter months.
From matte to glossy, opaque to sheer, and black to skin-toned shades, there’s a lot more to consider than just the denier number when it comes to picking out a pair of classic tights. And then, of course, there is also patterned hosiery (think delicate designs like a back seam, polka dots or lace detailing) to elevate your winter style.
‘Tis the season of hosiery
In 2024, tights should no longer be an obligation but a fashion choice. Google searches for ‘tights’ are up by 115% since the temperatures first dropped, and at high-street favourite M&S two pairs are sold every minute. So what styles are we buying?
The top spot is claimed by the retailer’s 60 Denier Body Sensor Tights (a handy three-pack that sells for just £8 and is available in a black, navy and brown). The 40 Denier Body Sensor Tights (£8 for a three-pack) are second favourite, followed by the 30 Denier Body Sensor Tights (£8 for a three-pack). The fourth most popular pair is the 60 Denier Magicwear Opaque Tights (£14 for a two-pack), and the top five is rounded out by the 100 Denier Magicwear Opaque Tights (£14 for a two-pack).
These are the number one selling tights at Marks & Spencer
M&S believes the decision between opaque and sheer tights should be based on the formality of our outfit. ‘Opaque black tights will go with basically everything. Often said to clash with black; blue or brown hues are also an option.’
‘Sheer tights are great for more formal occasions and warmer temperatures, as they provide a lighter and more breathable option,’ the high street giant added. ‘You can achieve that elegant, barely-there look with a little extra coverage.’
Similarly, intricate patterns, logos and glitter are best suited for evening looks, says M&S. ‘For a daytime or office look, stick with polka dots or diamond patterned tights, or if you’re looking for some added cosiness, try cable-knit tights for some subtle texture.’

	    Share what you think
          
No comments have so far been submitted. Why not be the first to send us your thoughts,
      or debate this issue live on our message boards.
      

By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group