By JASON CHESTER FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  11:39, 23 April 2024   |  Updated:  11:53, 23 April 2024   
 5
View  comments
The Greenwich Village folk scene played second fiddle to the New York Knicks on Monday evening as Elle Fanning visited Madison Square Garden with boyfriend Gus Wenner. 
The actress, 26, had a courtside seat as the basketball giants took on east coast rivals Philadelphia 76ers in Game Two of the Eastern Conference First Round Playoffs. 
Fanning, currently starring alongside Timothée Chalamet in forthcoming Bob Dylan biopic A Complete Unknown, appeared to be taking advantage of a night off by stepping out for a date with Wenner. 
The couple were on hand to watch the Knicks earn a late 104-101 victory against the 76ers at a game that was also attended by director Spike Lee, actor Ben Stiller and comedian Chris Rock. 
The 76ers plan to file a grievance related to the officiating during their series against the New York Knicks, a team spokesman said early Tuesday.
The Greenwich Village folk scene played second fiddle to the New York Knicks on Monday evening as Elle Fanning visited Madison Square Garden with boyfriend Gus Wenner
The actress and her boyfriend had courtside seats as the basketball giants took on east coast rivals Philadelphia 76ers in Game Two of the Eastern Conference First Round Playoffs
The team lost both games in New York, with the Knicks rallying in the final 30 seconds on Monday night.
Fanning plays Dylan's artist ex-girlfriend Sylvie Russo in James Mangold's new film, detailing the folk legend's arrival in New York City as an unknown musician in 1961 and his subsequent fame and notoriety. 
Sylvie is a thinly-veiled version of the late artist Suze Rotolo - who began dating the legendary 82-year-old in 1961 while they were teenagers and split in 1964 after their abortion and his affair with Joan Baez.
Suze - who died of lung cancer aged 67 in 2011 - inspired several of Bob's songs including Boots of Spanish Leather, Don't Think Twice, It's All Right; and Tomorrow Is a Long Time.
Rotolo inspired Dylan to paint, sing about the civil rights movement, and introduced him to the writings of French poet Arthur Rimbaud and German playwright Bertolt Brecht.
She was immortalised after appearing alongside her then-boyfriend on the front cover of his second album, The Freewheelin' Bob Dylan, in 1963. 
Chalamet previously showed off his singing voice in Paul King's 2023 musical prequel Wonka and Woody Allen's 2019 rom-com A Rainy Day in New York, which also starred Fanning.
Edward Norton, Monica Barbaro, Boyd Holbrook, Nick Offerman, Dan Fogler, and Joe Tippett also star in A Complete Unknown, a lyric in the reclusive singer-songwriter's 1965 hit Like A Rolling Stone.
Two-time Oscar winner Cate Blanchett previously nailed young electric-era Bob Dylan aka Jude Quinn in Todd Haynes' critically-acclaimed 2007 experimental drama, I'm Not There.
Fanning, currently starring alongside Timothée Chalamet in forthcoming Bob Dylan biopic A Complete Unknown, in which she plays his artist ex-girlfriend Sylvie Russo
Actor Ben Stiller and comedian Chris Rock appeared in good spirits as they chatted during the game
However, A Complete Unknown will be executive produced by Bob himself. 
Dylan (born Robert Zimmerman) will next bring his Rough and Rowdy Ways World Wide Tour to the Ameris Bank Amphitheatre in Alpharetta, GA on June 21.
The Rock and Roll Hall of Famer is truly a national treasure having received 10 Grammy Awards, an Academy Award, the Presidential Medal of Freedom, a Pulitzer Prize special citation, and the Nobel Prize in literature.
Selena Gomez put on a loved-up display with her boyfriend Benny Blanco as they attended the game between the New York Knicks v Philadelphia 76ers at Madison Square Garden

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group