By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Every day at 3:05, I eagerly anticipated my mother’s arrival to pick me up from school. Once we reached our parking space, I raced through the door of our house, swiftly kicking off my shoes, and practically teleporting myself in front of my living room TV for the best 2000s kids shows. My go-to channels? Always Disney and Nickelodeon, where all my beloved shows awaited. I was always excited to see what was up with Zack and Cody or what trouble Alex Russo was in. 
The 2000s gave us the best kids’ shows. (My apologies to the ’90s kids—I wasn’t around for your era.) From the iconic sitcoms and the educational cartoons, the options were endless. So many celebrities that we know and love got their start on these shows like Miley Cyrus, Selena Gomez, Ariana Grande, and more. They quickly became our role models and every single kid wanted to be just like them. These shows were a way to get away from our reality and immerse ourselves in a world that was full of fun for kids. 
The success of these series came not just from how entertaining they were but also because they were so remarkably ahead of their time. They tackled complex themes and presented diverse characters in ways that resonated deeply with young audiences. In That’s So Raven, one of their most popular episodes that still is talked about today is That’s So Not Raven because it addressed the issue of Photoshop and body image in magazines. Many young people resonated with Raven and felt seen when it came to their insecurities. 
As I reminisced about those after-school afternoons when I was glued to my TV screen, I felt like it was only right to commemorate my absolute favorites of my childhood. Without further ado, these are the best 2000s kids’ shows that were ahead of their time. 
These are our favorite 2000s kids’ shows. 
For three years, Lizzie took us on the roller coaster that middle school is in what I’m calling the best 2000s kids show. Her animated little version of herself ensured that everyone knew what she was thinking, even if she couldn’t say it. Many people on the internet view Hillary Duff on and off screen as a style icon inspiring so many young girls to dress just like her.
Throughout 10 seasons, many kids grew up with Timmy Turner and his magical fairy godparents. Every episode Timmy tends to find himself in some trouble but manages to figure it out with the help of a little magic. The love between a boy and his fairies is unbreakable!
In addition to being yet another Disney fashion icon, Raven only gets cooler as she literally can see into the future (but only a glimpse). This mysterious power gets her into some misadventures as her friends and she try to change life’s little outcomes. 
Zack and Cody came onto our screens in 2005 with 3 seasons all about their life full of mischief in the Tipton Hotel. When they entered high school they set sail on deck for yet another 3 seasons. The twins travel all around the world and experience various cultures and adventures. 
You got the best of both worlds! In her breakthrough role, Miley Cyrus plays Miley Stewart, a young girl who just wants to have a normal life, but she’s actually a secret pop star at night. The most valuable thing to her is her secret, but how far will she go to keep it safe?
This is my favorite series from my childhood because Selena Gomez won my heart, just as she did for every other child in the country. A seemingly ordinary household is much more magical than meets the eye—everyone is a secret wizard. Three siblings, Justin, Alex, and Max, have a responsibility to master their abilities or lose them forever. As the three young wizards grow up and deal with teenage issues like school, friends, family, and magic, they run into all kinds of unusual and magical scenarios.
Before there was social media, Carly, Sam, and Freddy became the first original influencers with their web show iCarly. Their silly show they did for fun, became an instant hit and they all quickly rose to online popularity. Carly must rely on her friends and family to deal with this unexpected success.
Only 104 days of summer vacation that never ended! Phineas and Ferb are ensuring that each day of summer is memorable. From climbing the Eiffel Tower to building a backyard beach, they get into all kinds of trouble. Their family pet also has a secret: he is a secret agent fighting evil. While their older sister Candance tries to catch her brothers, she is never successful. What kid was not hooked on their screens?
PBS Kids had so many shows for kids but this one was my favorite. I may have been 4 years old when this aired but man was I the targeted demographic! Our four reading-power superhero friends go on magical adventures. They follow our Super Readers as they jump into books that come to life!
Victorious premiered just as the 2000s were coming to an end, yet it was one of those shows that everyone knew of. Tori gets invited to attend Hollywood Arts, a high school focused on performing arts. Tori might just have what it takes to stand out among her talented peers. 
By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.