Pedro Pascal with FIJI Water at The 29th Annual Critics Choice Awards on January 14, 2024 in Los Angeles, California.
Pedro Pascal got back at Kieran Culkin at the Emmys after the Succession star took a playful jab at him at the week prior's Golden Globes. Culkin playfully said during his acceptance speech at the 2024 Golden Globes last week on January 7, "Suck it, Pedro," after winning the award for best actor in a drama series category over the Last of Us star.

A post shared by

That same evening, Pascal told Variety that he fell down some stairs at his family’s home and. He said that he is awaiting surgery later this month. He expects to be ready to go back to work by the time season two of The Last Of Us begins production in mid-February. He recently shared a selfie with co-star Bella Ramsey on set. In the caption he joked that the two of them "both hide chewing gum in our teeth. Don’t tell @sagaftra." The dynamic duo, who play Joel and Ellie on the HBO show, reunited at last night's Emmys, posing together for an adorable photo.
During the 75th annual Primetime Emmy Awards on Monday night (January 15), Pascal, 48, was able to return the playful jab to Culkin, 41. Prior to presenting the award for best supporting actor in a drama series, Pascal, who has been photographed following the Globes in different colored arm slings, told the audience that he wanted to take a moment to “make this about me.” Pascal, who was nominated for outstanding lead actor in a drama series, brought up his injured shoulder and jokingly suggested Culkin was behind it. “I think tonight is a perfect time to tell everyone that Kieran Culkin beat the s--- out of me,” Pascal said as the camera panned over to the stone-faced star, who stands at just five-foot-six. Pascal, who is five inches taller than Culkin, was all smiles as the crowd erupted in laughter. Finally, as Culkin broke into a smile, Pascal lost it and laughed even harder, noting that he got him back.
The 75th annual Primetime Emmy Awards were finally presented live on Monday (January 15) at 8 p.m. ET, after being rescheduled from their September original date. The eligibility period for this year’s Emmys was from June 1, 2022 to May 31, 2023.
Anthony Anderson hosted the event at the Peacock Theater in Los Angeles. During the star-studded night, Succession and The Bear each walked away with a whopping six awards each! The former took home awards for Outstanding Drama Series, Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series (Kieran Culkin), Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series (Sarah Snook), Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series (Matthew Macfadyen), Outstanding Directing for a Drama Series, and Outstanding Writing for a Drama Series.
Meanwhile, The Bear won Outstanding Comedy Series, Outstanding Lead Actor in a Comedy Series (Jeremy Allen White), Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Comedy Series (Ebon Moss-Bachrach), Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series (Ayo Edebiri), Outstanding Directing in a Comedy Series, and Outstanding Writing for a Comedy Series.
Nearly tying with the two fantastic shows was Beef, which took home five awards. Last Week Tonight with John Oliver won two awards. Meanwhile, The Daily Show with Trevor Noah won Outstanding Talk Series for the first time, making history as the first black person to win in the category. Noah is set to host the Grammy Awards next month for the fourth year in a row, where he is nominated for Best Comedy Album. Elton John became an EGOT as Elton John Live: Farewell from Dodger Stadium won Outstanding Variety Special (live).
Like all awards shows, the winners and losers in their respective categories are only half the allure. The rest of us take a look at who looks good on the red carpet and who looks like they should go back home. Take a look below at the five most stunning looks of the night:
The actor is gaining more and more popularity with his super successful series, 'The Bear,' and his latest film, 'The Iron Claw.' Dressing the part of a star, White commanded all of our attention as he wore a cream tuxedo paired with a black bowtie and his hair curly and bouncy.
The 'Only Murders in the Building' star had fun with her look at the Emmys with this retro-inspired leafy pattern laid across a very sexy mesh gown. The actress and singer kept things flirty with a deep red lip to match the dark hues of her dress.
Looking like a classic beauty, the 'Succession' viper that is Sarah Snook wore a flattering red gown, bringing out her gorgeous red locks. The star paired the classic look with an impressive diamond necklace adorned with dainty green jewels, with a matching earring set.
Taking things in another direction, our favorite rocker actress Natasha Lyonne donned a skintight gunmetal grey long-sleeved gown. The 'Poker Face' star paired the edgy look with dark matching claws, a smokey eye, and her red curly hair worn down and loose.
Red carpet after red carpet, and Niecy Nash-Betts always stays serving! We are obsessed with the cut of this glamorous strapless gown featuring a sweetheart neckline and mermaid skirt, opera gloves, and the mixture of velvet and satin for the differences in texture.
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!