Taylor Swift is in the building.
Selena Gomez appeared to subtly pay homage to her Grammy-winning pal — and Swift’s boyfriend, Travis Kelce — on Tuesday’s episode of “Only Murders in the Building.”
The actress, 32, and co-star Martin Short were sitting on a couch surrounded by dolls in the scene in question, which took place in the home of Melissa McCarthy’s character, Doreen.
The life-size figure to Gomez’s right resembled Swift with blond locks, a red lip and a jersey featuring Kelce’s number, 87.
When one eagle-eyed Swiftie shared a clip of the blink-and-you-miss-it moment via TikTok, many fans commented that they had “completely missed” the nod.
However, others “clocked it immediately” — and one claimed to “find Taylor Swift lyric/life references … every week.”
Another added that “producer Sel is cooking every week,” while other social media users gushed over McCarthy’s character, Doreen, “absolutely be[ing] a Swiftie.”
Gomez previously told E! news that the singer, 34, was “too busy” to make a cameo on the Hulu series, joking that Swift called “every day” asking for a guest role.
That being said, the Emmy nominee “love[d] the idea” of her friend simply appearing in the background of a scene.
At the time, Short praised Gomez and Swift for both “handl[ing] everything perfectly” in the public eye.
“In the situations I’ve seen — politically, trolls, everything — she just seems to have a wisdom about how to do something quietly, effortlessly,” the actor, 74, explained to the outlet.
Follow Page Six’s coverage of Travis Kelce and Taylor Swift’s whirlwind romance
Gomez became friends with the songwriter in 2008 when they dated Nick Jonas and Joe Jonas, respectively.
The “Wizards of Waverly Place” alum has yet to accompany Swift to one of Kelce’s Kansas City Chiefs games since the couple began dating last year.
She did, however, meet the tight end’s mom, Donna Kelce, during her recent Glamour cover shoot and was filmed giving the 72-year-old a hug.
Her own mother, Mandy Teefey, was notably part of the interview, along with Beyoncé and Billie Eilish’s respective parents, Tina Knowles and Maggie Baird.
Travis, for his part, made headlines in January for “liking” an Instagram photo of Gomez and her boyfriend, Benny Blanco, watching a Los Angeles Lakers game.
Advertisement