Daily Mail journalists select and curate the products that feature on our site. If you make a purchase via links on this page we will earn commission - learn more
By JULIA REMILLARD FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  13:27, 15 November 2024   |  Updated:  12:58, 29 November 2024   
 6
View  comments
 ‘Tis the season to shower your loved ones (and yourself!) in gratitude, love... and gifts! And what better way to say ‘I love you’ than with a brand-new luxury bag? That’s where our favorite designer destination, Aspinal of London, comes in.
Give the gift of luxury this holiday season with one of a kind pieces from Aspinal of London.
Enjoy major savings of up to 50% OFF right now during the sitewide Black Friday event. Snag luxe leather purses, chic customized accessories, and stylish mens pieces too! 
No matter who you are shopping for Aspinal of London has something for everyone. 
The brand that has been repeatedly approved by royals and Hollywood stars alike, being seen on the arms of Kate Middleton and Selena Gomez, is our go-to holiday shop this season with HUGE savings on bags, scarves, wallets, and more! The best part is a little birdie told us that right now, you can save up to 50% OFF sitewide during the Aspinal of London Black Friday savings event!
An Aspinal of London MUST have!
This small but mighty bag is a best-seller and comes in four iconic shades. This is the perfect on-the-go bag big enough to fit the essentials from your phone to your lipstick. 
Lights, CAMERA... purses?!
The Camera Crossbody is a fan favorite, especially in the color Tan Pebble. This chic classic is a leather luxury and it's customizable too making the perfect gift.
Kate Middleton is a notable fan of this find!
The duchess is known for her fabulous fashion sense and this purse is one of her favorites having been spotted styling several of them in different colors. 
Enjoy BIG savings on the royal loved bag and 12+ color/print combinations!  
Add some glitz into the holidays with these adorable metallic bags.
One of our personal favorites, the Milly Crossbody comes in incredibly fun colors including metallic pink and champagne!  The delicate woven design just seals the deal with even more reason to fall in love with it. 
Workbag refresh?
Look no further! This best-selling classic tote is the perfect bag for anyone lugging around their laptop or busy moms carrying the world in their purse. Choose from tan, black, or black croc!
Keep track of all your beauty essentials with this trendy croc makeup bag!
This mini find is perfect for holding personal care items while traveling or as an everyday organizer for your go-to beauty products. 
It comes in multiple colors and is a great gift for women of all ages!
Even men need a trust bag and this sleek backpack is by far our favorite pick. 
Choose from black, brown, and navy made with detailed silver finishes. This find is perfect for both travel and everyday office commutes with a built-in tech pouch. 
Ladies we found the perfect luxe gift for the men in your life this holiday season!
You can't go wrong with a toiletry bag, especially a premium leather one. Choose from multiple colors and customization options to make a one of a kind piece. This little bag is perfect for holding shaving accessories, cologne, and more! 
If you have a golf lover in your life this may just be the perfect gift.
We ourselves are eyeing this find for the holidays! The nifty leather keychain holds golf tees and attaches onto golf bags. Choose from navy, green, and black.
The perfect purse accessory doesn't exi— 
Scratch that! It does and we found it. This adorable and affordable customizable heart keychain is the ultimate purse accessory. 
We also think this would make a sweet gift for the little girls looking for their first luxury piece. Choose from several colors including metallics!
As we welcome a New Year we look ahead to a busy 2025 with excitement!
This leather planner is not only practical but stylish too. Stay organized in 2025 with this custom must-have that makes the perfect gift for friends or family. Choose from several colors including merlot and navy.  
Bon Voyage!
Get ready for your 2025 adventures with this unique travel wallet. Designed to hold your passport, boarding pass, and essentials cards in one place for max organization & safety.
Choose from multiple classic colors made with 100% premium leather. 
Bundle up with these savings!
Aspinal of London's best-selling cashmere scarves are on sale right now in a big way. The soft, luxurious scarves come in multiple colors AND the best part is are customizable.
Add embroidered initials to your selections to make every gift you give this season personal.
Time to upgrade your decade old wallet for something cleaner, cooler, and classier.
These everyday staple wallets are perfect for both men and women coming in multiple staple colors such as brown and black.
Enjoy customization capabilities and the durable leather design that will easily get you through years of use. 
What is Cyber Monday? While Black Friday is THE day to save, Cyber Monday, this year on December 2, is your last chance to enjoy enormous discounts on the best gifts for everyone on your list.
Want only the BEST deals? Our team of trusted shopping experts have listed their top-recommended offers in the DailyMail.com Live Blog on both Black Friday and Cyber Monday.
Amazon's Cyber Monday Sale: If you missed out on Amazon's Prime Day sale, then the retailer's Cyber Monday sale is even better! Experience a shopping extravaganza like no other and sign up for a FREE 30-day trial of Amazon Prime today to unlock access to every Black Friday and Cyber Monday deal and enjoy other perks, such as complimentary two-day shipping.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
SHOPPING - Contains affiliated content. Products featured here are selected by our shopping team. If you make a purchase using links on this page, DailyMail.com will earn an affiliate commission.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group