Let Retail Dive's free newsletter keep you informed, straight from your inbox.
                    
                
            
Along with its DTC site, the brand launched at 685 Ulta Beauty stores and on the retailer’s website.
The launch of Wyn Beauty by Serena Williams comes as the beauty category heats up.
Mass-market beauty sales grew 6% last year, while prestige beauty increased 14%, according to data analytics firm Circana. Mass makeup sales in the U.S. increased 6%, while prestige makeup sales amounted to $9.9 billion in 2023, an increase of 15% compared to 2022, the company told Retail Dive. And celebrity-backed retail brands were the fastest growing brand type among makeup, with those companies growing sales 46% year over year — about three times the rate of total prestige makeup.
"At Ulta Beauty, we're committed to celebrating beauty in all its forms so that everyone can express themselves through the products we offer; Wyn Beauty is a shining example of this,” Monica Arnaudo, chief merchandising officer at Ulta Beauty, said in a statement. “Since meeting Serena several years ago, it was clear her passion for beauty would lead to a brand and product collection that embodies her winning spirit and brings a new perspective to makeup that beauty enthusiasts desire." 
Outside of tennis, Williams is an investor in a host of different companies through Serena Ventures, which launched in 2014. 
Wyn Beauty follows several other celebrity-backed beauty brands that have launched in recent years, including Selena Gomez’s Rare Beauty, Rihanna’s Fenty Beauty and Beyoncé’s Cécred hair care brand.
"I'm so excited to introduce Wyn Beauty to the world," Williams said in a statement. "To me, beauty has always been about self-expression and stepping into the best version of myself. Throughout my career, I was always searching for makeup that looked good after hours on the court, mixing products myself and creating my own formulas while traveling the world.”
Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts
The industry may be far from the dramatic day-to-day struggles of 2020, but it hasn’t yet escaped the long tail the global health crisis left in its wake.
The intense pressure to end diversity initiatives has led companies to scrutinize their policies. Many will end up making them stronger.
Subscribe to Retail Dive for top news, trends & analysis
Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts
The industry may be far from the dramatic day-to-day struggles of 2020, but it hasn’t yet escaped the long tail the global health crisis left in its wake.
The intense pressure to end diversity initiatives has led companies to scrutinize their policies. Many will end up making them stronger.
The free newsletter covering the top industry headlines