Taylor Swift and Donna Kelce might have been a bit chilly watching Travis Kelce at the cold Kansas City Chiefs game, but they warmed fans’ hearts!
Swift and Donna were seen chatting it up at Saturday’s Chiefs game against the Miami Dolphins and they were dubbed a “favorite duo” by fans on social media.
“Taylor & Donna are so cute,” another added alongside a clip of Swift whispering to Travis’ proud mom.
A third pleased fan chimed in, “Love to see Taylor and Donna together!”
Some fans also took note of the fact that Swift was covering her mouth while talking to Donna — perhaps trying to avoid a similar situation to her bestie Selena Gomez’s lip-reading debacle that occurred earlier this week at the Golden Globes.
Aside from whispering to Donna, Swift was photographed enthusiastically high-fiving fans from her VIP booth while rooting on Travis.
The “Cruel Summer” songstress was seen earlier in the night arriving at Arrowhead Stadium in Kansas City, Mo. solo while rocking a custom Kansas City Chiefs puffer jacket that had Travis’ jersey number printed on its front, sleeves and back.
Follow Page Six’s coverage of Travis Kelce and Taylor Swift’s whirlwind romance
She wore the cozy-looking coat over a black shirt and jeans and paired it with a white beanie. 
The Chiefs faced off against the Dolphins for their first playoff game of the postseason. The two teams previously played each other in November when the Chiefs won.
Swift, 34, has not cheered on her boyfriend, also 34, since New Year’s Eve because she attended the Golden Globes in Los Angeles while his team played on Jan. 7.
Even if Swift did swing by, she wouldn’t have seen Kelce play, as he decided to sit out while his team played the Los Angeles Chargers. 
The tight end later explained on his “New Heights” podcast that “it didn’t feel right in my gut” to play the game because he’d be too focused on breaking the record of 1,000 receiving yards.
Kelce has since been staying out of the spotlight to focus on training for the playoffs, while Swift has kept busy living it up with her girlfriends in New York City.
Most recently, the “Bad Blood” singer dined at pizzeria Lucali in Brooklyn alongside her A-List pals Blake Lively, Zoë Kravitz and Jack Antonoff.
Swift has also been photographed spending a few days in her studio in Greenwich Village, which has only added to speculation that she is working on “Reputation (Taylor’s Version).”
Fans guessed “Reputation” would be her next re-release after they spotted Swift wearing unusually long nails and a green snake-like dress at the Golden Globes.
The Grammy winner fueled speculation even more when she wore another dark green dress with brown boots that featured snake patterns.
Swift has not announced when the album will drop, nor has she ever confirmed she’s re-recording it in the first place. 
Both Swift and Kelce have prioritized supporting the other’s careers since they began dating over the summer.
While they initially kept their romance quiet, they’ve since each shared snippets about their love story –– including that they dated before hard launching their romance in September.
Sources even told Page Six that they “plan” to get engaged on their one-year anniversary in July.
Advertisement