Hailey and Justin Bieber looked every bit the happy married couple as they soaked up the atmosphere at Coachella.
Attending the music festival over the weekend, the pair were caught on camera packing on the PDA during Lana Del Rey's performance on Friday. They appeared to enjoy the headline act so much that the two embraced while watching the concert unfold.
Exclusively analysing footage of the two, body language expert Judi James tells the Mirror that they show off their "alternative side", putting to bed any rumours about their relationship. "This is a very sweet and loving PDA between Justin and Hailey."
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US .
READ MORE: Hailey Bieber tries to shut down Justin divorce rumours again with subtle move
Judi explained: "It's all the more adorable because it was not performed in front of any press cameras. It also shows an alternative side to their relationship in terms of their body language dynamic. We often see the couple looking icy or dour in public with Hailey performing the more confident rituals while Justin walks behind her, keeping himself partly hidden from the camera," the behavioural professional added.
"Here though it is Justin with his arm around Hailey, looking protective and keen to send some non-verbal romantic signals. It's Hailey with the hood on here and Justin strokes her head in little circles with his fingertips," she said of the adorable video footage.
James concludes: "He receives a signal of both approval and appreciation from Hailey for this very tender-looking touch as she turns her face upward to show him the most loving smile as a reward." Justin is seen rubbing Hailey's head before she turns to him, smiles and he kisses her forehead, the clip has now been shared by Justin on Instagram.
They met all the way back in 2009, and now a loved-up married couple, Hailey and Justin are reportedly "doing really well". The pair have faced recent rumours about their relationship, with some speculating the two are to split, but Hailey says it couldn't be further from the truth. She put to bed claims earlier this month, happily flashing her £394,000 ($500,000) wedding ring all over her social media.
Join the Mirror's SMS news service to get the biggest breaking stories delivered straight to your phone. Click here to subscribe.
Posting on her Instagram Story, it was a subtle swipe at cruel comments in an update for her 51million followers. An insider has since spoken out about the 'false' divorce and separation claims, with a source saying: "Justin and Hailey are doing really well."
"There's no divorce and no truth to that whatsoever. They are very, very happy," they told People magazine. It was last month that Hailey herself slammed rumours, writing on social media: "I know it may be fun feeding into these stories but just know they're always false. Sorry to spoil it," adding that split claims were "100 per cent wrong".
Days later, she publicly praised her beau in another Instagram post honouring the Baby hitmaker's 30th birthday, calling Justin "the love of my life, for life". They first met backstage at the Today show in 2009 and started dating in 2015. They rekindled their romance back in 2018, three months after Justin's split from ex Selena Gomez.
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.