Selena Gomez was visibly moved by the overwhelming support she received at the Cannes Film Festival.
According to reports by Variety and Deadline, on Saturday, May 18, 2024, the 31-year-old singer and actress broke down in tears as her latest film, Emilia Pérez, earned a prolonged standing ovation.
Gomez became emotional as the audience at the Palais stood to applaud after the film’s screening. Her co-stars, Zoe Saldaña and Édgar Ramírez, embraced in response to the enthusiastic reception, while the film’s director, Jacques Audiard, tipped his hat from his seat in the balcony.
In Emilia Pérez, Gomez portrays the wife of Manitas, a feared drug cartel leader played by Spanish actress Karla Sofía Gascón. The plot centers on Manitas seeking the help of lawyer Rita (played by Saldaña) to secretly undergo a sex change operation as he plans to retire from the cartel. The film is structured into four acts and includes original songs performed by the cast.
Earlier that evening, Gomez made a stunning appearance on the Cannes red carpet, joining her cast and the director. She wore a black velvet gown by Saint Laurent with white bardot sleeves, paired with Santoni heels and a Diamond Swan Bulgari necklace.
Gomez has described her role in Emilia Pérez as one of her most challenging. During an interview on the Smartless podcast in January, she shared, “There’s this scene where I’m being left – I’m not giving anything away – and I remember I channeled the moment when I had to go to rehab for the first time and leaving … I just felt like it was just getting that out when I remembered that first moment and being terrified so it felt really cathartic.”
Reflecting on her career and experiences, Gomez added, “I feel like I have these moments in my life that have happened and I’m able to use that and it actually feels great, it feels like after a good cry or something, it’s a good feeling.”
A bashful Selena Gomez basks in the applause after the premiere of ‘Emilia Perez’ #Cannes2024 pic.twitter.com/zjWlDvtqOe
Star of ‘Emilia Perez’ Zoe Saldana gets emotional after the film’s premiere at the #CannesFilmFestival pic.twitter.com/3BjlyN07Kf
Like most websites, Socialite Life uses affiliate links where available, which means we earn a little commission if you click through and buy something. Also, as Amazon Influencers, we earn from qualifying purchases. Savings shown are those from the date and time of this article’s publication.
Last update on 2025-05-03 / Affiliate links / Images from Amazon Product Advertising API
Sign in to your account
 Remember me