From new shows to returning favorites, here's a rundown of television this fall.

 Fall is the time of year where scarves thrive, pumpkin is in season, and your television is full of exciting new (and returning) shows. And this year is no different!

 Whether you're looking forward to the return of an already beloved series — Yellowstone, Grey's Anatomy, and the Chicago shows are just around the corner! — or thinking about checking out something new, we've got you covered. Perhaps you'll like what HBO is offering up with The Penguin, the latest series to take on the Batman universe. Or maybe you'd prefer to check out Kathy Bates' turn in the new Matlock. Regardless, it's time for EW's Fall TV Preview, which means we've got intel on more than 70 shows.

 Check it all out below and thank us later!

Fred Hayes/Disney
 TikTok star Taylor Frankie-Paul might be best known for her viral social media reveal that a group of Mormon friends in Utah were swingers, but she’s ready to take her fans beyond the scandal with Hulu’s new reality series, The Secret Lives of Mormon Wives. The show features Frankie-Paul and eight other of TikTok’s most famous Mormon moms as they navigate marriage (and divorce), babies, parties, arrests, and, of course, #MomTok. One of the biggest dramatic threads in the season spotlights the rift between Frankie-Paul and fellow TikToker Whitney Leavitt — who notably misses Frankie-Paul’s baby shower. “I was shocked,” Frankie-Paul says of Leavitt’s absence at the celebration. “I have no idea I'm even doing the things that she's telling me I'm doing to her,” she adds of their falling-out. As for where they stand today? “I have no clue,” Frankie-Paul says. —Ashley Boucher

 Revenants, beware! Wynonna Earp (Melanie Scrofano) is back in Purgatory to face off with a new, very dangerous foe. “For Wynonna, it’s the scariest villain to date,” star Melanie Scrofano says. “This taps into where Wynonna is at this phase in her life and it's probably the most scared she's ever been.” Picking up roughly 18 months after the season 4 finale of the SyFy drama, Wynonna Earp: Vengeance is a 90-minute special that catches up with the Earp heir just in time for this new villain to wreak havoc. “Our normal weapons or skills we have at play aren't going to work against something like this, so it's definitely going to be a challenge,” series creator Emily Andras warns. And if that wasn’t bad enough, Andras adds that the villain has “hair for days.” That’s sure to get under Wynonna’s skin. —Samantha Highfill

 Lisa Taddeo’s Three Women was a bestseller the same day it hit shelves in 2019. Now, five years later, Taddeo has partnered with showrunner Laura Eason to bring the story — which dives deep into female desire as told through three women and their very different life experiences — to the small screen. It was a task that no one took lightly. “I was such a huge fan of the book, and when they first announced that they were making into a show, I felt skeptical,” Betty Gilpin, who plays unhappy housewife Lina, says. “Part of what's so incredible about the book is that because there's no imagery, because you're not attaching a person to it, you're seeing yourself in all three women. Lisa almost didn't allow us to make a judgment on them because we were so transported to their psyche. But I think that weirdly, doing the show with that book as a map, it felt like she didn't give us the option to do it incorrectly because it was like we had the answers to the test.” —S.H.

 On How To Die Alone, best friends Melissa (Natasha Rothwell) and Rory (Conrad Ricamora) are about to go through growing pains. “I discovered the difference between being alone and being lonely is that you can be partnered and be lonely. You can have all the friends in the world and feel lonely,” creator and star Rothwell explains. The series follows airport employee Melissa, who changes how she’s living her life after a near-death experience puts everything in perspective. Part of her sprouting her wings is growing with, or potentially apart from, the people in her life. “I really wanted to put her in proximity to someone who she fully understands and who fully understands the version of her that she allows to be seen. I wanted to see what happens when you allow growth to happen,” Rothwell teases. —Alamin Yohannes

David Bukach/Disney
 The LAPD is not ready for Morgan (Kaitlin Olson). High Potential sees the single mother of three (with an IQ of 160) solving cases alongside rule-following Detective Karadec (Daniel Sunjata) and his team. Don’t expect Morgan to be some know-it-all, though. “She’s got a photographic memory, but she’s able to draw on life experience too,” Olson says. In addition to her unique perspective, she’ll bring levity and her mistrust of authority to the work as well. But why join the cops if she doesn’t trust them? “In the beginning it’s money to take care of her kids," she explains. "But she’s also looking for the father of her first born daughter who disappeared 15 years ago." —A.Y.

 It’s time to return to the ballroom and for the first time in several years, there’s no major shake-ups. The judging table retains its core three (Carrie Ann Inaba, Derek Hough, and Bruno Tonioli) with one season sans the late Len Goodman under their belts. Both Alfonso Ribeiro and Julianne Hough are returning as co-hosts, and the show is keeping its Tuesday time slot on ABC. Which means there’s sure to be plenty of surprises when it comes to the contestants. So far, only Olympic gymnast Stephen Nedoroscik, affectionately known as “pommel horse guy,” has been announced. And we can’t wait to see who else will be putting on their dancing shoes. —Maureen Lee Lenker

 Why American Sports Story? For the series dramatizing the events of former Patriots tight end Aaron Hernandez (played here by West Side Story and The Hunger Games alum Josh Rivera), who was convicted for the murder of semi-professional footballer Odin Lloyd and later killed himself in prison, why was Ryan Murphy's other franchise banner, American Crime Story, not sufficient? Why spawn an entirely new anthology show — that will also be followed by yet another anthology show, American Love Story? Well, according to executive producers Nina Jacobson and Brad Simpson, they were originally developing the Aaron Hernandez show for Crime Story. “We all decided that it didn't quite fit,” Simpson says. “Even though it had a lot of those elements, it was really telling a story about sports culture in America. We wanted to use it as a launching pad to explore America's religion, which is sports.” Unlike Crime Story, future seasons of Sports Story won’t revolve around some heinous crime. “I did Miracle as an executive at Disney, which was about the U.S. hockey victory in the Cold War,” Jacobson says. “You could do a whole season that's about that, which has nothing about a crime [in it], but is really about this moment in American history.” —Nick Romano

/Gilles Mingasson/Disney
 All 24 senior men who arrive at the mansion to date Joan Vassos — the 61-year-old star of ABC’s The Golden Bachelorette — are hoping to find a second-chance love of their lives. But even the men who don’t get a rose will walk away with something special: New BFFs. “When I tell you they are good friends, the journey that they have gone on with each other I think is even more important than the journey that they have gone on with me,” marvels Joan. “I am sometimes in the interview room, and I can hear them laughing and yelling.” Of course, there will be plenty of romance during the season, including a prom-night date that allowed one man to heal a decades-old wound. “He had asked a young woman to the prom, and she'd said yes. And then a week later, just before they were to go to the prom, she said, ‘I can't go with you,’” says exec producer Bennett Graebner of the contestant. “It devastated him, and he had not forgotten it. It wasn’t until the date with Joan that he could bring back those memories and have a do-over.” —Kristen Baldwin

 It’s almost as if Agatha All Along, the sequel series to 2021’s WandaVision, was specifically structured to show off the many magical qualities of its central star, Kathryn Hahn. She's done comedies (Parks and Recreation), dramas (Tiny Beautiful Things), horror (The Visit), and even singing (Hahn's technically a chart-topping singer with the WandaVision song "Agatha All Along"). "I made a lot of jokes the last couple of weeks where I would be like, 'Well, this was my last acting job because I got to do everything in one part,'" the actress tells EW. It was indeed that charisma, uniqueness, and talent that Hahn possesses — and, yes, the immense fan response to the Agatha Harkness character — that made series creator Jac Shaeffer want to anchor a new show around the theatrical ages-old witch. "My focus in that early development was the WandaVision corner of the universe," Schaeffer says. "Every idea that I had was, X character does this and then Agatha shows up. Over time it became so abundantly clear that the show I was meant to do was Agatha, all along." —N.R.

 There was certainly some spice on the last season of Survivor, with players going at each other… including a very public dressing down over, of all things, Applebee’s. You can expect that intensity to continue on Survivor 47. “I think one of the biggest differences throughout the new era is the agency,” says host and showrunner Jeff Probst. “Every player in the game has their own story. And so when you have 18 people who all have a very clear vision of who they are, who they want to be, what they want to accomplish, then they're not going to let anyone else get in their way. And that can create obstacles within a tribe.” Whether those obstacles will involve comedian and podcaster Jon Lovett remains to be seen. —Dalton Ross

 Rachel Bloom grew up watching Frasier, and still watches it, using it as almost a warm blanket whenever she needs to decompress. To guest star on the revival was already a big deal, but to play the daughter of the iconic Bebe Glazer (Harriet Sansom Harris), Frasier Crane’s agent and evil incarnate, was a dream come true. “I play Phoebe Glazer, a very cultured kind of opera fan, and she and Frasier instantly hit it off in a way that he questions if maybe they're related,” Bloom says. For Bloom, who had never filmed a multi-cam sitcom in front of a live studio audience, filming with Harris and Kelsey Grammer was something like a masterclass in the craft. “It's such a gift to be with people who are just that good at what they do. You can just tell they’re listening and they're spontaneous. It was wonderful. And then of course, I watch Frasier all the time, so it was very surreal.” —Lester Fabian Brathwaite

 Sign up for Entertainment Weekly's free daily newsletter to get breaking TV news, exclusive first looks, recaps, reviews, interviews with your favorite stars, and more.

 "I feel like all the movies we do are these team gathering movies," producer Deborah Snyder tells her husband, director Zack Snyder. She's not wrong. 2021’s Justice League was about Batman gathering a group of superheroes to face a great evil without the aid of Superman; Army of the Dead from the same year was about assembling a heist crew during a zombie apocalypse; and 2023’s Rebel Moon was about a warrior bringing together a squadron of unique fighters to save a small farm world from an intergalactic threat. The Snyders now follow that pattern with Twilight of the Gods, an animated series about a half-giant shield-maiden, Sigrid (Sylvia Hoeks), and her viking husband, Leif (Stuart Martin), enlisting their allies to wage a war against the gods after Thor (Pilou Asbæk) murders Sigrid's family at her wedding. "It was always a love story," Zack explains. "It was always about this struggle that they could take you into the afterlife or into the God realm. We really loved the idea of a love so strong that it could cross time and space and barriers." —N.R.

 If it weren't for noticeable name drops like Oz Cobb, the Falcones, and the Maronis, you wouldn't know that comic books spawned The Penguin . Similar to 2022’s The Batman, directed by Matt Reeves, who also returns as an executive producer on this spinoff series, the story borrows elements from DC lore, such as Cristin Milioti playing "the Hangman" (a.k.a. princess of the Falcone criminal empire Sofia Falcone) and Clancy Brown as rival crime boss Salvatore Maroni, but it's an entirely original tale — far more a prestige mobster drama than a standard "superhero show." "You want to feel true to the comics, but it's imperative that it's different," Reeves tells EW. "The thing for me was to absorb all of that stuff and feel it vibrating." Adds showrunner Lauren LeFranc, "There's some great Penguin comics out there, but none are so seminal in the way that some of these other comics are — The Long Halloween and stories like that — that feel like you really would want that straight up adaptation. There was a lot of freedom in terms of how to shape Oz and what to create in terms of his backstory." —N.R.

 Young Chris Rock is back, and this time, he's animated. Everybody Still Hates Chris continues the misadventures of nerdy high schooler Chris (now voiced by Tim Johnson Jr.) as he navigates adolescence and his quirky family — Julius (Terry Crews), Rochelle (Tichina Arnold), Drew (Terrence Little Gardenhigh), and Tonya (Ozioma Akagha) — while growing up in Brooklyn during the late 80s. Though Chris and his iconic family have a fresh makeover, showrunner and executive producer Sanjay Shah (Central Park) promises to retain the spirit of the beloved original UPN sitcom. “What was important to both me and [executive producer] Chris Rock when we started talking about doing the show is that tonally, this is the same show as what you saw before,” Shah says. “We're treating the original show as canon, and then we're going beyond it so we can enter new spaces, places that they, because of budgetary reasons, could not explore in a live-action version." —Rendy Jones

 Kathy Bates is a folksy defense attorney on the rise in this reworking of the classic legal procedural Matlock. Written and produced by Jane the Virgin's Jennie Snyder Urman, the zippy series sees Bates' Madeline "Matty" Matlock navigate her position as the newest hire at an intense corporate law firm in New York City. Bates didn't have much familiarity with the original Andy Griffith version of the show — "I didn't watch TV at night because I was always working," she recalls of her early career in the late '80s. The Misery star instead was attracted to the project because of its serialized elements and social commentary — no prior Matlock experience required. "Our show does have a case every week, but there's also a serial aspect to it — a thread that goes through all of the episodes," she says. "When I saw that it was about something really current and important to talk about and to see, that appealed to me. We did a lot of research, but that feeling of doing something that is meaningful, really sealed a deal." —Wesley Stenzel

Fox
 Surf’s up — and dangerous — in Fox’s newest first responder drama, Rescue: HI-Surf. Set on the idyllic beaches of Oahu’s North Shore, the series follows a team of hardworking lifeguards — from veteran Em (Arielle Kebbel) all the way to new recruits Kainalu (Alex Aiono) and Hina (Zoe Cipres) — as they dive headfirst into the deep end to save tourists and locals who get swept up in the island’s ever-changing tides. “I really wanted to make a show that wasn't just set in Hawaii, but that was actually about Hawaii. It's about the people who call that place home,” creator Matt Kester explains. “It's an exciting show with all the rescues, but there's also a lot of great drama and really great character relationships that we’ll be playing out over the first season.” —Emlyn Travis

 Brilliant Minds follows Dr. Oliver Wolf (Zachary Quinto), a neurologist inspired by the late legendary researcher Oliver Sacks. Dr. Wolf uses unconventional methods to treat his patients, often taking them beyond the bounds of the hospital to understand their symptoms in the context of their lives. And he does it all while shining a light on the issue of mental healthcare. “For me, it's really been about understanding and availing myself of the ways that Oliver Sacks moved through the world,” says Quinto. “It’s not a biopic, but rather a character that's been created with a lot of insights into a real-life person. What would it be like if someone like Oliver Sacks were living and working in 2024?" —M.L.L.

 The Voice season 26 “isn’t a game” first-time coach Michael Bublé tells EW. Alongside newcomer Snoop Dogg and veteran coaches Reba McEntire and Gwen Stefani, his heart is in it to support aspiring artists reach their dreams. When it comes to competitiveness between coaches, Bublé says he doesn’t think there's a front-runner. "There'd be no surprise if Snoop has the winner on his team or if Reba does or if Gwen does. And as a matter of fact, I mean they might've just stolen that winner from me and vice versa," Bublé teases. With shocking one-chair turns for Team Reba, “double-edge sword” mentorship by Gwen, and Snoop’s unexpected draw to country artists, viewers should prepare to be surprised. —Briana Edwards

 Co-showrunner Rashad Raisani says he has plenty of "big game-changing stuff" planned for the fifth and final season of this Fox first responder drama, including Carlos (Rafael Silva) following in his late father's footsteps as a Texas Ranger; the arrival of TK's (Ronen Rubinstein) half-brother; Owen's (Rob Lowe) emotional turmoil over his role in his half-brother Robert's (Chad Lowe) euthanasia; and the competition between Marjan (Natacha Karam) and Paul (Brian Michael Smith) to become the 126 firehouse's new lieutenant, replacing Judd (Jim Parrack), who retired after his son, Wyatt (Jackson Pace), was hit by a car and left partially paralyzed. Then there was the unexpected departure of actress Sierra McClain, who starred as the main 911 call center dispatcher — and Judd's wife — Grace for the first four seasons of the show. "It forced us to do some unexpected things that led to some beautiful storylines," Raisani says, teasing that one of them will be Wyatt as the new 911 dispatcher. —Patrick Gomez

 There’s nothing like a mass casualty event to kick off a new season. Just ask Chicago Med. “There’s a boat crash,” Med star Luke Mitchell tells EW. “People are dying. And then Ms. Goodwin [S. Epatha Merkerson] gives an announcement that one of the other hospitals is closing down. So we are now told that our intake's basically going to be doubling and it's chaos.” And yet, there’s still the matter of that pesky cliffhanger to deal with. It’s not everyday that Dr. Ripley (Mitchell) is accused of assault, after all. “We'll definitely still be in the aftermath of what went down in the finale and how people are doing,” Mitchell says, adding, “We're going to see a more emotional Ripley, maybe a more truthful Ripley, which is a really interesting place to be.” —S.H.

 There’s a new chief at Firehouse 51. After the season 12 finale saw Boden (Eamonn Walker) leave, Dermot Mulroney is joining Chicago Fire as Dom Pascal, and his arrival is sure to cause a few issues. “It’s like Boden raised them,” showrunner Andrea Newman says. “When a new chief starts, everybody’s going to have a different reaction. And some of the reactions are surprising.” But Boden won’t be forgotten. As Newman puts it, “Boden's presence is still so much a part of the show and it always will be because he was so formative in the way that he put this group together and the way he raised this family up.” Let’s just hope someone can help Severide (Taylor Kinney) keep his cool. —S.H.

 Hank Voight has been through a lot in his life. Heck, he’s been through a lot in the 10 seasons we’ve been watching him. But losing Upton (Tracy Spiridakos) — and nearly his own life — in the Chicago P.D. season 11 finale will have a lasting effect as we head into season 12. “Voight's in a place where he's more introspective than we've seen him in a while — his unit has changed, he has changed, and whether or not he consciously knows it when we find him at the start of this season, he's taking stock of his life,” showrunner Gwen Sigan says. Speaking of his unit, Sigan says that yes, they will be filling Upton’s spot in the Intelligence Unit, and hopefully in a way that “feels a bit unexpected.” —S.H.

 When it comes to Ryan Murphy, “He will always have me at hello,” Niecy Nash-Betts says, especially after Netflix’s Dahmer, for which the role of Glenda Cleveland earned the star her first-ever Primetime Emmy Award. After filming ended, the producer called her up again with several ideas he was working on. “It was maybe three or four, and he was like, ‘Pick two,’” Nash-Betts recalls. The one she picked was Grotesquerie and the role of Lois Tryon, a small-town detective who teams up with nun and journalist Sister Megan Duval (Micaela Diamond) to hunt “the most heinous serial killer ever,” the actress describes. She says it leans more into the “dark drama and horror” of Murphy’s repertoire. “Reading the script for the first time, my head popped off and I said, ‘Where does this come from, Ryan? Who are you on the inside? What is happening in your mind?’” she recalls. “He said, ‘I don't know. That's just the way I am, girlfriend.’ In reading it, I wanted to dive in. It scared me a little because to lead this show is a huge undertaking, and I didn't have to. I could have done one of the supporting characters, but playing Lois was going to stretch me and my instrument. So I said, ‘Let me pick up the mantle. Let me lead the charge.’” —N.R.

 Inspired by creator Erin Foster's real-life romance with a Jewish man, Netflix's 10-episode rom-com Nobody Wants This follows Joanne (Kristen Bell), a lifestyle podcaster who falls madly in love with Noah (Adam Brody), a progressive rabbi on the cusp of a huge promotion. The couple immediately shares electrifying chemistry, but the relationship quickly gets weighed down by past and present baggage, including a persistent ex, meddling from their siblings (Justine Lupe and Timothy Simons), and, most prominently, skepticism from Noah's parents and colleagues. Brody tells EW that he was initially drawn to the show's approachable framing of religion. "When I read the part and the character, I first thought, 'Oh, okay, so the point is he's so modern, casual, and not preachy at all — he just happens to be a rabbi, and he really is just a modern L.A. guy," he says. Seems like a perfect fit for the actor, who is Jewish but hasn't practiced much throughout his life: "I was bar mitzvahed, but that's about the last time I've been to a synagogue." But the strength of Noah's faith becomes more clear as the series progresses, which meant Brody had some work to do. "I went to synagogue, I went to Shabbat dinner, and I researched — a lot of books, documentaries, and podcasts about all things Jewish." —W.S.

 The ABC first responder drama returns for season 8 with every member of the 118 firehouse facing a crisis: Bobby (Peter Krause) is forced to follow through with his retirement and takes a job as a technical advisor on an action TV show called Hotshots (how meta!); he and Athena (Angela Bassett) are looking for a new home after theirs burned down by arson; Buck (Oliver Stark) is reeling from Gerrard (Brian Thompson) being named the 118's new captain; Maddie (Jennifer Love Hewitt) and Chimney (Kenneth Choi) are doing what they can to keep Hen (Aisha Hinds) and Karen (Tracie Thoms) in their foster daughter Mara's life despite the best efforts of Councilwoman Ortiz (Verónica Falcón), who is now running for mayor; and Eddie (Ryan Guzman) is mourning his son's move to Texas. Oh, and a giant swarm of bees is descending on Los Angeles. "We just wanted to generate some buzz," jokes co-creator and showrunner Tim Minear. —P.G.

 Come sail away with Joshua Jackson's new series. Ryan Murphy takes medical drama thrills to the high seas as Jackson stars as Dr. Max Bankman, a brilliant emergency room physician who upends his life to begin working as a doctor on a high-end cruise ship. "I've never actually been on a cruise, so I have to admit that," Jackson says with a laugh. Also starring Don Johnson, Phillipa Soo, and Sean Teale, the series follows Max and his small-but-mighty medical team as they navigate unique medical crises aboard the ship. "It's supposed to be a one-hour vacation every week," Jackson says. "You come aboard this boat as the medical cases happen, but also life happens, and by the end of the hour, hopefully you laughed, maybe even cried, and you go back into your week feeling just a little bit more relaxed for having gone on a nice cruise with us." Aye aye, captain! —Sydney Bucksbaum

 Catherine Fox (Debbie Allen) wasn’t messing around. In Grey’s Anatomy’s season 20 finale, Fox fired Teddy (Kim Raver), Owen (Kevin McKidd), and Amelia (Caterina Scorsone). And did we mention that Meredith (Ellen Pompeo) resigned? Needless to say, Grey Sloan Memorial is going to be in need of some doctors when season 21 resumes, and a familiar face is returning to help with that problem: Dr. Sydney Heron, played by Kali Rocha. Sydney Heron and her “healing with love” philosophy to medicine was last seen on the show in season 4, and this time around, she’s an attending. “When we last saw Sydney, she was in light blue scrubs as a resident with Bailey. Now she’s an attending, but she’s still the character that I think delighted fans in those early days,” says showrunner Meg Marinis. “You should expect some funny interactions between Sydney and some of our newer characters who’ve never met her.” If only Crisitna Yang (Sandra Oh) were around to see this. —S.H

 12 seasons in, and The Masked Singer is still finding new firsts. For example, this season each contestant on the disguised celebrity singing show will have a Masked Ambassador — an alum of the series who has a connection to each singer and will provide major new clues about their friends’ identities. Dick Van Dyke, Jewel, Ne-Yo, and DeMarcus Ware have been confirmed so far. If that wasn’t enough, clues to the contestants’ identities are now hidden in all-new places — even sewn into the costumes themselves. As executive producer and showrunner Rosie Seitchik explains it, “I think we're always trying to level up with viewer participation and engagement and really helping to advance the gameplay, but I think viewers just keep getting smarter and more clever and they are so eager to play the game in different ways, that it really felt like this was the perfect time to just up the ante and encourage people to look for bigger, better clues in even more unexpected places.” —Lauren Huff

Emmanuel Guimier/AMC
 There has been a lot of attention placed on the impending reunion between Daryl (Norman Reedus) and Carol (Melissa McBride) on season 2 of The Walking Dead spinoff. And rightfully so. But hey, what about everyone else? One of the characters to definitely keep an eye on is party girl-turned-nun Isabelle (Clémence Poséy), who may start wondering if her new faith in the Nest has been a bit misplaced. “There’s a lot of doubt,” teases Posey. “She starts questioning what she has believed for years, starts seeing the flaws, the cracks in the dogma that has kept her going for so long. It’s always interesting taking a character through that kind of journey.” —D.R.

 Film fans today hear “superhero movie fatigue” almost as frequently as the next big superhero movie trailer drops. Series creators Jon Brown, Armando Iannucci, and Sam Mendes have spun the phrase into a biting satire with HBO’s The Franchise, which turns the spotlight on the suits and creatives working behind the scenes on a superhero film franchise. Station 19’s Himesh Patel leads the cast — which also includes Lolly Adefope, Billy Magnussen, Aya Cash, Daniel Brühl, and Richard E. Grant — as overworked first assistant director Daniel, whose orchestrations on set are themselves feats of superhuman ability. “As someone who grew up in England, they’ve defined my generation of comedy really,” Patel says of the appeal of working with Iannucci, creator of The Thick of It and its U.S. iteration Veep, and Brown, who has written for series including HBO’s Succession and Avenue 5. As for working with Mendes, who also directs on the series, Patel adds, "He knows how to get the best out of people and he knows how to get what he's looking for." —Debbie Day

Chris Reardon/Fremantle
 Back to Sullivan's Crossing we go. Season 1 of the CW drama series left off on a cliffhanger with viewers wondering whether Maggie (Morgan Kohan) is pregnant and if a romance with Cal (Chad Michael Murray) is in her future. Murray says that season 2 delivers more about Cal’s dark past ... and his future. “Cal is starting to realize that Sullivan’s is his home,” Murray says. “Just when you think you have the entire world figured out, we turn over another stone and you realize that these characters' pasts are far darker than we ever assumed that they might have been.” But have no fear, this season has some light too. Murray teases a scene later in the season where the boys of the Crossing compete in a friendly game of ax throwing. “It was just fun to step aside from the heavy weighted drama at the Crossing.” —Calie Schepp

 After paying her dues as a rising starlet across a one-episode stint as a young woman who testified against her stage mother who forced her sister to do porn on a 1991 episode, Maura Tierney makes her grand return to Law & Order — this time as a leading cast member on the crime procedural. While the billing order has changed, some things never do in the world of the iconic show. "Dude, the crime is murder!" the E.R. alum excitedly tells EW, explaining what her character, Lieutenant Jessica Brady, will investigate across her debut. “But, there are extenuating circumstances around the murder," she continues — like the new season's probe into timely topics, such as "an A.I. dating app where the app goes beyond hooking you up." More surprises abound, as SVU franchise legend Mariska Hargitay co-stars across an episode with Tierney, and things don't go so well. "It was fun to sort of get into it with her a little bit. We are not besties. I don’t think there’s animosity, but in this particular episode, they don’t agree!" If being excited to see that matchup is a crime, well, lock us up. —Joey Nolfi

Samuel Dore/Netflix
 Heartstopper creator Alice Oseman always intended to slowly but gradually take the adaptation of her graphic novel to a more serious and mature place. Season 1 told a gentle falling-in-love story of Charlie (Joe Locke) and Nick (Kit Connor), yet Oseman peppered in hints of mental health struggles simmering beneath the surface. Season 2 made them more apparent, and now in season 3, "It's kind of the main topic of the season," the creator says. In addition to facing Charlie's on-going struggles with an eating disorder, the two star-crossed teens are dealing with looming college applications and the big S-E-X talk. "Our viewers are three years older than they were when they first watched it," Oseman points out. "Someone who might've been a young teenager is now an older teenager. Their lives are totally different. Their concerns and their worries are very different. It feels like a very natural evolution to me [for the show], rather than doing the same thing over and over again." —N.R.

 Gabi Mosley (Shanola Hampton) and her team will be tirelessly searching for their missing colleague Lacy Quinn (Gabrielle Walsh) in the first chapter of Found season 2. But in the second chapter, the series will explore Margaret Reed’s (Kelli Williams) life. Her son went missing years ago, but Margaret still spends her nights at the train station where he was last seen. “That is one that pulls at everyone’s heartstrings. To know how she got there, how Jamie got lost in the train. We’re going to really get some questions answered for Margaret,” Hampton says, “That’s what the show is designed to do — not only bring light to those who no one is looking for, but also show the different paths that each member has gone through to get where they are.” —A.Y.

 "We cannot possibly go out on that one scene of Doomsday and Superman about to crash, and then it just goes to black." Superman & Lois star Elizabeth Tulloch knows fans need answers after that season 3 finale, and they'll get them when the CW drama returns for its final season. And while its very existence is cause for celebration, things are much more somber onscreen as the show delivers its "own version" of the iconic Death of Superman comic book arc by revealing Clark (Tyler Hoechlin) dies from his fight against Doomsday. "There were parts of my day where I was less active than others," Hoechlin jokes. "I may have snoozed through a rehearsal or a blocking at one point. [But] I definitely am still part of the show, obviously. I was filming for many months this year, but I don't know if I want to give away necessarily in what capacity." Expect to see "cameos and big surprises" throughout the shortened, 10-episode season, as showrunner Brent Fletcher reveals they "called in some favors" to make "a great send off for our hero and our family and these iconic characters that you care about." And unlike last season, Tulloch promises "there will be closure" at the end this time. "Everyone's going to be crying in the final episode of the series," she adds. "I did." —S.B.

James Dittiger/NBC
 Now that he knows who caused the fire that left him with burn scars over 60 percent of his body, behavioral science expert Alec Mercer (Jesse L. Martin) will face the impact those injuries have had on his life. “It was more about the mystery and his survivor’s guilt, and so his physical appearance was never a real concern for him,” Martin says. “It certainly has to do with him getting involved in a romantic relationship again.” But before his relationship with Rose Dinshaw (Karen David) — who was abducted in the final moments of season one — can progress, she’ll have to be saved. New grad assistant Simon Wylton (Max Lloyd-Jones) joins Alec and Rizwan (Arash DeMaxi) now that Phoebe (Molly Kunz) has moved to another office. Simon is a Wilton University legacy, a savant, and “the younger ones will say he’s an attractive kid,” notes Martin. You know what that means, fans: Love triangle! —A.H.

 Long time collaborators and close friends Gael García Bernal and Diego Luna reunite once again for their first television project together in La Máquina. The show marks Hulu’s first Spanish-language original series which allowed the pair to, in a way, come home together. "It was pretty nice and very fun to do in our home ground in Mexico, where we have a filming family. The people that worked on the set are people that we've been working together with for many, many, many, many years," Bernal tells EW about filming the series. In the show, Bernal plays Esteban, an aging boxer preparing for his last chance at boxing glory. His childhood friend/manager Andy (Luna) however, may have punched about his weight, setting the pair on a dangerous path. "We are partners, we work together, but we are also good friends, of course," Bernal adds, "Every time we work together, it's like we move forward quite quickly." —Yolanda Machado

 School is back in session at Abbott Elementary. Season 4 is sure to be the biggest yet with 22 episodes and a crossover episode that creator Quinta Brunson has promised has the potential to change television. But we’ll have to wait until after the holidays for that. For now, we return to school with a newly coupled up Gregory (Tyler James Williams) and Janine (Brunson). And don’t worry, they’re not going to play games with our hearts. “We hope for it to go through the course of any normal relationship and to hit the ups and downs,” says executive producer Justin Halpern. “We like to keep everything open in terms of character growth, but we don't foresee that we're going to pull the rug out from [underneath] anybody.” —M.L.L.

 Lara Croft isn't the only one raiding tombs on her next globe-trotting adventure in Netflix's new anime TV series, as the series itself mines her legacy and bridges gaps between the iconic character's past and where she might go in future games. "The show is such an easy slot between the next game and where we came from," showrunner Tasha Huo tells EW of the project, which picks up after the Survivor console trilogy and reveals how Croft secured her worldly network of relationships, arsenal of weaponry, and confident attitude fans fell in love with across her 1996 debut. Consistent with most hero origin stories, Legend forces Croft to make grim decisions that harden her as she tracks a thief who stole a Chinese artifact from her U.K. manor. Bumps and bruises abound, Huo promises, but they're necessary to unearthing the beating heart under a tattered Croft throughout her formative years: "We have to beat Lara up, because what makes her such a hero is that she gets back up, no matter what." —J.N.

 Outer Banks is about to find out what comes after happily ever after. "It really feels nostalgic for season 1," star Chase Stokes says of season 4, now that John B and the rest of the Pogues — Sarah (Madelyn Cline), Kiara (Madison Bailey), JJ (Rudy Pankow), Pope (Jonathan Daviss), and Cleo (Carlacia Grant) — found the gold and returned home. Stokes says it's "a deep sigh of relief" for the teens as they build a new Poguelandia together without fearing for their lives on a treasure hunt. "It's a beautiful thing," he adds. But of course, it only lasts "for a second," he clarifies with a laugh. The Pogues get back in the "G" game "out of sheer necessity," and "the stakes are so much higher this time around," the actor reveals. "But some things that seem shiny are really just fool's gold." So, we're saying that the real treasure is the relationships they've formed along the way? After all, the Pogues are going to be rich with romance this season now that all six of them are coupled up. "Who doesn't love a triple date?" Stokes jokes. So much for that "no Pogue-on-Pogue macking" rule, huh? —S.B.

 The power of truth, narrative, and perspective — and the danger of untold secrets — were top of mind for Oscar-winning filmmaker Alfonso Cuarón as he set out to make his new seven-part psychological thriller series, Disclaimer. “Thematically, I was very intrigued about how a narrative completely affects our understanding of facts and understanding of stories,” Cuarón says. “I mean, from a psychological standpoint, the effect that secrets have — and by secrets, I'm talking about our own past — when we bury away the past, the past finds its way. It finds its way in your personal relationships but also in your own persona and in your own stability. And that applies also not only to the individual, but societies at large.” Based on the novel of the same name by Renée Knight, the show follows acclaimed journalist Catherine Ravenscroft (Cate Blanchett), who has built her career by exposing the sins of others. One day, she receives a mysterious book in the mail that threatens to unravel her whole life when she reads it and realizes she’s the main character in a story that exposes her deepest, darkest secrets. Kevin Kline, Lesley Manville, Sacha Baron Cohen, Kodi Smit-McPhee, and more star. —L.H.

 The Shaw siblings aren't messing around when Tracker returns. Although the mystery of what Dory (Melissa Roxburgh) is up to with her father’s files will be explored a little later on, Russell Shaw (Jensen Ackles) will make an appearance early in season 2. “He comes in at the highest point,” showrunner Elwood Reid teases. And it isn't a proper Shaw brother reunion without at least one family secret. “There’s a secret that is revealed about their father in the first episode that lands with both brothers,” Reid says, “There’s a memory you’ll see that Colter doesn’t have that his brother does about Colter and their father.” Now that the brothers are on better terms, perhaps they can actually compare notes about their childhoods? —A.Y.

 NCIS fans may have spent 19 seasons getting to know Mark Harmon’s character Leroy Jethro Gibbs, but the version of the special agent they’ll meet in his prequel series NCIS: Origins is very much his own man. Narrated by Harmon, who also serves as an executive producer, Origins shines a spotlight on a young, grieving Gibbs' (Austin Stowell) early days at NIS Camp Pendleton under team leader Mike Franks (Kyle Schmid) after a devastating experience changes his life forever. “The Gibbs that we find in our show — it's not the guy that the fans are used to,” Stowell tells EW. “This is someone who's going through a lot of pain. He's suffered a tremendous tragedy just four months before we pick up this show, and there's a lot of newness in his life. There's lots of firsts going on right now.” —E.T.

Sonja Flemming/CBS
 It’s been six months since Jessica Knight (Katrina Law) accepted the REACT chief job in California, and her departure has since created what showrunner Steve Binder calls a “chain reaction” with the crew: Timothy McGee (Sean Murray) vies for a deputy director position, and Nick Torres (Wilmer Valderrama) returns to his undercover roots. “The team kind of separates, so picture Parker [Gary Cole] walking into the bullpen and the kids aren't home,” says Binder. It’s not long before a case leads Parker out west, though, reuniting him with Jessica — who may or may not be mulling whether she made a mistake for leaving boyfriend Jimmy (Brian Dietzen) behind. “Under the worst circumstances possible will these two have the talk,” quips Binder. All in all, expect heavy hitting episodes filled with romance, “fun and unusual” pairings, and mystery. Like, who the hell is Lily (Sunnie Pelant)? “I wouldn't be so sure that Parker knows who she is either,” teases Binder. “We don't always remember the scars of our youth.” —Jessica Wang

Nelly Kiss/CBS
 Jesse Lee Soffer played Det. Jay Halstead for 189 episodes of Chicago P.D. — as well as on a few crossover episodes of Chicago Fire and Chicago Med — and now he’s making the leap from the Windy City to, well, all over the world. This season Soffer is joining FBI: International as the freewheeling Special Agent Wes Mitchell, a character and an opportunity that he’s savoring. “He sort of flies by the seat of his pants,” Soffer says while filming in Budapest. “He has a really carefree attitude about it and he's just going to do his thing and he's a breath of fresh air. He's a lot of fun.” But that insouciance hides a darker side, as it so often does. When Mitchell’s partner is shot in Los Angeles and the suspects flee to Budapest, Mitchell follows after them on the fourth season premiere. Mitchell also shares a history with Cameron Vo (Vinessa Vidotto) which we’ll see play out over the season. —L.F.B.

 Pull up a couch and get ready for more Shrinking. After Jimmy (Jason Segel) resorted to unconventional methods, treating his patients with blunt honesty, he must now face the fallout of his candor ... not to mention try to fix all the relationships he damaged while mired in grief over losing his wife. There’s his daughter, Alice (Lukita Maxwell), his mentor, Paul (Harrison Ford), his coworker and friend, Gaby (Jessica Williams), his best friend, Brian (Michael Urie), and his next-door neighbor, Liz (Christa Miller). “We wanted to be honest about the fact that Jimmy was doing an unorthodox approach to therapy, and that there are consequences to that,” says Segel. “There are reasons that people aren't out there doing this. So he's going to have to reckon with the good and the bad of that approach. He's in a much better place in terms of the grief process. And then, very quickly, he's forced to confront a new challenge.” —M.L.L.

Michael Parmelee/CBS
 Elsbeth Tascioni (Carrie Preston) is back on the case! The eccentric lawyer-turned-investigator may have a more permanent position at the NYPD, but now she must prove herself. “It’s not something many police precincts have in place, so it’s always a question of will she be able to hold down this particular job?” Preston says. In the season premiere, Captain Charles Wallace (Wendell Pierce) and officer Kaya Blank (Carra Patterson) will need Elsbeth’s help on a case involving a disgruntled opera lover (guest star Nathan Lane). “He’s one of our finest actors,” raves Preston. “He certainly understands genres like this that have a mixture of drama and comedy.” —A.Y.

Prime Video
 From Black-ish writer Vijal Patel comes the story of patriarch Mahesh (Naveen Andrews), his self-assured wife Sudha (Sindhu Vee), their rebel daughter, Bhanu (Sahana Srinivasan), epic mama’s boy Kamal (Arjun Sriram) and Vinod (Ashwin Sakthivel), their youngest who — depending who you ask — can do no wrong. Through conflicting interrogation room flashbacks, we'll witness the humorous yet heartwarming tale of the Pradeep family’s first few months of life in America, after immigrating from India. Patel expects that audiences will be particularly enamored with a certain Lost alum showing off his comedy chops. “Expect a surprising comedic coming out party for Naveen Andrews,” Patel says. All around, Pradeeps is offering a fresh take on the immigrant sitcom, cleverly twisting the stereotypes that too often become a crutch. “We're modernizing that experience,” Patel says. “We are showing characters that are of today, that have the points of view and experience of today.” —Shania Russell

 Spinoff series Georgie & Mandy’s First Marriage picks up a few months after the events of the Young Sheldon finale, which saw the death of Georgie’s dad. Georgie (Montana Jordan) and Mandy (Emily Osment) are still grappling with the loss, and living with her parents and their baby all while trying to navigate inner-family politics and figure out their future. And while fans of its predecessor can expect lots of familiar faces — such as Will Sasso, Rachel Bay Jones, Zoe Perry, Annie Potts, and Raegan Revord — executive producer Steve Holland says he hopes audiences are just as excited as he was to dig into a different part of the Big Bang Theory television universe. “This is the first time in 18 years that we're not writing for Sheldon, and Sheldon's a great character and I'm so proud to have been a part of writing that character, but this is a different show,” Holland says. “I don't have to keep Googling science facts anymore or trying to pretend that I know what I'm talking about. This is a much more, I think, relatable family show. These are different characters. It's the same world, but the slice of this world they inhabit has a different flavor to it.” —L.H.

 Three seasons in, Ghosts has a big paranormal sandbox and in season 4, they’ve invited the hilarious Mary Holland to play. In last season’s finale, a vengeful spirit kidnapped Brandon Scott Jones’ Isaac, moments after he left his fiancé jilted at the altar. Holland is that vengeful spirit, the most puritanical Puritan, Patience, who “was actually kicked out of her village for being a bit too much, so even by their standards, she's a lot to deal with,” says co-showrunner Joe Wiseman. Patience has it out for Isaac since he abandoned her to the dirt by letting go of her hand so that he could sneeze. “She's been wandering for 130 years or something like that, so she's a little upset,” Wiseman reveals, “but she's going to spend a few episodes at Woodstone and is going to mix things up there.” —L.F.B.

 Reba’s back! Seventeen years after her first network sitcom went off the air, Reba McEntire returns to the format for Happy’s Place. No longer a single mom who works too hard, who loves her kids and never stops, this time around the country queen plays Bobbie, a woman who not only inherits a bar when her father dies — but also the half-sister that she never knew she had, Isabella (Belissa Escobedo). Reba alum Melissa Peterman is along for the fun, along with McEntire’s real-life boyfriend Rex Linn. “We have so much fun together,” McEntire said of Peterman, while she shared some of the advice she gave Linn for his first time on a sitcom. “I said, ‘Don't memorize everything off the first draft because they'll change it,’” McEntire recalled. “‘Get familiar with the blocking and everything, but don't nail everything down on the dialogue until the third, fourth day.’” —L.F.B

Eric Milner/CBS
 Fire Country will pick up where it left off — with Gabriella Perez (Stephanie Arcila) standing at the altar preparing to wed Diego (Rafael de la Fuente) — but the sparks that kick off the season 3 premiere won’t be romantic. “There will be a helicopter crash at some point in the ceremony, so the church full of firefighters and friends will be dealing with that,” says Arcila. She’ll also have to cope with the recent arrest of her father, Manny Perez (Kevin Alejandro), and Arcila says viewers will see more of their relationship in future episodes. Gabriella and her ex Bode Donovan (Max Thieriot), meanwhile, will have a “new dynamic” this season. Teases Acila, “They will always love each other, but with him being out now and them possibly working together, they start developing a friendship in a normal environment.” —A.Y.

CBS
 The Reagan family is taking their final bow — which means audiences should prepare for the emotional gut punch of their last few Sunday night dinners. Yes, even after 14 seasons with the multi-generational clan of cops, Blue Bloods still has a few surprises left up its sleeve. “There's some nice revelations in that last episode of season 14 that wrap up at that family dinner,” Bridget Moynahan, who stars as Erin Reagan-Boyle, says of the family’s last supper. “For us to go out on such a special family dinner on our last episode, I think will resonate with the fans.” And as we bid a final farewell to Erin, Danny (Donnie Wahlberg), Jamie (Will Estes), Henry (Len Cariou), and patriarch Frank (Tom Selleck), the season will be doling out endings that may delight — and occasionally hurt — its dedicated viewers. “Fans will really get a kick out of some of 'em,” Moynahan says. “And then there might be a surprise that isn't so hopeful." —S.R.

Russ Martin/FX
 There will be a lot of changes at the Vampire Residence when we rejoin Nandor (Kayvan Novak), Laszlo (Matt Berry), Nadja (Natasia Demetriou), and Colin Robinson (Mark Proksch) for WWDITS’ sixth and final season. Now that he’s back to being human, former familiar Guillermo (Harvey Guillén) decides to move out and get an office job. “Guillermo's story this season is about him finally realizing he has to grow up,” explains showrunner Paul Simms. But the gang won’t be lonely for long. “We finally meet the vampires’ fifth roommate, another vampire that was their best friend who they all loved,” says Simms. “He went into a super-slumber and told them to wake him up on New Year's Eve of 1996 and they forgot to. This season they finally remember, and they go down in the basement and wake him up." Once awake, the new (old) roomie "reenergizes their goal of conquering the New World." —K.B.

 Damon Wayans Sr. and Jr. are bringing their father-son act to primetime. Though they’ve worked together in the past, Poppa’s House marks the first time the Damon Wayanses will star in their own show. Sr. plays a grizzled radio deejay thrown for a loop when his station brings in a young podcaster (Essence Atkins) to liven up his staid and stale show. And Jr. is his idealistic son, who lives just across the street, pursuing a career in film but trapped under the financial thumb of his father-in-law. “We've been trying to do something together for the past 10 years,” Sr. says, and he was inspired by his real-life living situation, after moving in across the street from Jr., his wife Samara, and their kids. “Samara keeps going, ‘Oh, this is perfect. When you mess up, I'm sending you to Poppa's house.’” He mentioned the anecdote to his agent who immediately saw a sitcom there and paired him with a writer. But it was only once he had three offers that Wayans brought the project to his son. “I felt like I had to do more than just show him a good script, but to let him know that people really want this and are excited about it. And together we'd be undeniable.” —L.F.B.

Eric McCandless/Disney
 Everything is not what it seems. The finale of the beloved Disney Channel show Wizards of Waverly Place aired in 2012, but the Russo’s are back making magic on our screens in 2024. The upcoming Disney+ reboot Wizards Beyond Waverly Place finds Justin Russo (David Henrie) living a seemingly normal life with his wife and kids, having given up his passion for magic for a mysterious reason. That’s until his sister and family wizard Alex (Selena Gomez) makes a surprise visit, urging Justin to rediscover his powers in order to save the Wizarding World. “We have a lot of fans who'd come up to us from very broken families saying, 'You were the family I never had,’” Henrie reveals. “It felt like the timing was right to bring those same values back to a new generation, as well as throw a bunch of stuff in for the original fans.” And those original fans will be excited to know that Henrie and Gomez are executive producers on the new series. “Selena and I really look at ourselves as the guardians of the heart of the original show,” Henrie explains. “So we're constantly watching to make sure that the same spirit is what's vivifying this whole new take.” —C.S.

 Following its (literally) explosive season 1 finale, The Diplomat season 2 wastes no time picking up right where we left off: A bomb has gone off, lives are up in the air, and Kate (Keri Russell) has just told Dennison (David Gyasi) that she thinks Prime Minister Trowbridge (Rory Kinnear) was responsible for the attack on his own ship. "Kate's pretty sure it's the prime minister, so how do you prove that when you're inside the U.K.," showrunner Debora Cahn says. "One of the unique things about the relationship between the U.S. and the U.K. is that we share intelligence. So we have a deal that we don't spy on each other. And even if we wanted to, it would be really hard because we share everything." Kate's never been one to back down from a challenge, but she'll find herself questions everything (and everyone) she knows. As Cahn says, "Season 1 was building relationships with people, but can you still trust them?" —S.H.

 A French revolutionary, a magical beast wrangler, an ALS-ridden physicist. Eddie Redmayne is no stranger to onscreen transformations — but his latest role leaves him truly unrecognizable. Day of the Jackal, Peacock’s 10-episode thriller based on Frederick Forsyth’s 1971 novel of the same name, follows Redmayne’s mysterious sniper-for-hire as he prepares for a multi-million dollar kill. But first, we get a peek into his process, which includes complex disguises… for both himself and his guns. “The first transformation was perhaps the most complex,” Redmayne tells EW. “I don't want to give anything away, but that you can perhaps [trick] an audience into believing that you are from a different country and a different generation." Redmayne stars opposite No Time To Die star Lashana Lynch, who portrays the MI6 agent dedicated to bringing the Jackal down. “It's almost an obsession,” Lynch tells EW of Bianca’s connection to the case. “It's a compulsion.” —A.B.

 The future is uncertain for the Dutton family (and for Yellowstone fans). Heading into what appears to be the final season of the show — though there are rumors it could continue — we know Kevin Costner will not return as John Dutton. As for what we do know, well, things aren't looking good between sibling rivals Jamie (Wes Bentley) and Beth (Kelly Reilly). When the back-half of season 5 returns, Bentley says we'll pick up "soon after" the events of the mid-season finale, which saw Beth and Jamie declare war on each other. And let's just say that Jamie hasn't exactly cooled off. "Jamie's the most raw he's ever been and the most vulnerable," Bentley says, adding, "He's the angriest he's ever been." And what do you wanna bet Beth is even angrier? —S.H.

Ron Batzdorff/NBC
 Wendi McLendon-Covey is trading in family life for a hospital staff, playing the executive director of a fictional Oregon healthcare center on NBC’s workplace mockumentary St. Denis Medical. “We figured she’d be a longshot since she was just coming off 10 seasons of The Goldbergs and would probably want a break,” series co-creator Justin Spitzer says. “But what can I say: The lady likes to work!” She’s doing that work alongside David Alan Grier, Allison Tolman, Josh Lawson, Kaliko Kauahi, Kahyun Kim, and Mekki Leeper, who round out the ensemble as the featured doctors and nurses. “Our goal is for it to feel like you're really getting a peek into the inner workings of an Emergency Department and the sometimes odd combination of people who work there,” co-creator Eric Ledgin explains. “E.R. had that effect, but this is hopefully funnier than E.R. We’ll put that on the poster: ‘Hopefully funnier than E.R.!’” —Gerrad Hall

 Alex Cross's journey has been captured across more than 30 novels and three films, with both Morgan Freeman and Tyler Perry playing the beloved detective created by author James Patterson. But when Ben Watkins was approached about adapting the story for a television show, he knew he needed to do something different. "I said I was not going to do any of the seasons based on the books," Watkins says. "I thought it was really important that we give fans a new offering, that we honor the characters and the world so that they would feel like they were getting what they signed up for, but also then give them a new story." With Aldis Hodge as his Alex Cross, Watkins promises that fans will get to experience "what those books feel like" when they watch the show. Even if the story's brand new. —S.H.

Rekha Garton/Apple
 The call is coming from inside a new silo. Apple TV+'s sci-fi series returns for season 2 and picks up immediately with scrappy engineer Juliette (Rebecca Ferguson) fighting for her life in the toxic air after leaving her home silo, only to discover the existence of more silos. Her new mission: Figure out a way safely inside another silo or die trying. "We enter an entire new world for Juliette," says executive producer and star Rebecca Ferguson. "When she enters this new environment, she has to learn survival on a completely different level. And that was fun to act." That sounds bad for Juliette, right? At least it couldn't be happening to a more capable person. "If I have to be stuck in a silo with someone, it would be Juliette," Ferguson says. "Being alone and figuring s--- out, that's her element. Her problem is when she realizes that there's someone else there, and she has to deal with them." —S.B.

 Taylor Sheridan is ready to strike gold once again with his newest drama, Landman. Inspired by Christian Wallace’s Boomtown podcast, the series follows crisis manager Tommy Norton (Billy Bob Thornton) as he attempts to balance his high-stakes career in the oil industry alongside his equally explosive family life in west Texas. “[Landman] is so dependent upon the family story and their dynamic and the love and humor that is there, but it’s also about navigating the difficult and often dangerous world of oil and gas,” Wallace, who serves as an executive producer, tells EW. “That part of west Texas… there’s a lot of complicated challenges out there because of the booming industry. It’s kind of the Wild West out there.” Grab your coveralls — you’re gonna need ‘em. —E.T.

Mike Taing/Disney
 Based on Charles Yu’s bestseller about race and assimilation, Interior Chinatown follows Willis Wu (Jimmy O. Yang), a background character trapped in a police procedural who dreams of opportunities beyond Chinatown. After he inadvertently witnesses a crime, Willis unravels dangerous secrets about the world he inhabits and his family’s history. With some shots filmed in Los Angeles’ Chinatown, the “meta” series “stays true to the story in terms of its ideas and feelings,” teases creator and executive producer Yu — a television writer who worked on Westworld and Sorry For Your Loss before he penned his surrealist novel — but it also “goes in a couple of unexpected places” across 10 episodes. All the more meta is the casting of Silicon Valley’s Yang, who truly embodies “background-to-main-character energy,” marvels Yu. “There's something really interesting about seeing somebody like that start to tell their own story and feel like they have agency and their story matters.” —J.W.

 After nearly a year, the second half of season 7 is finally here. When last we saw the Frasers, they were en route to Scotland — and we’ll open on their long-awaited homecoming. “Jamie is here to put things to rest and to deal with past relationships,” teases Sam Heughan, who stars as Jamie Fraser. “Scotland is his ancestral home. It’s where his heart is.” But their return to the Highlands won’t last long. “History pulls them back,” he adds. “We know that they can never avoid history, and they're about to get more entwined in the American Revolution. They don't get to rest long as old relationships and friendships are revisited or put to rest, and new ones are tested and broken as well.” —M.L.L.

 Summer is over and that can only mean one thing: It's time for sophomore year! When The Sex Lives of College Girls returns for its third season, it's finally time to put freshman year at Essex in the rearview. "Our core group are now sophomores, which is this very fun kind of mirror image of the pilot in many ways," co-creator Justin Noble tells EW. And despite the fact that season 2 ended with some uncertain futures — will Bela (Amrit Kaur) transfer?! — Noble says it won't be long before everyone's reunited. "If you're an eagle-eyed viewer who's watched the 'Coming Up Soon' Max supercut, you probably feel good about your chances of them getting back together since they're partying in a frat basement together." And you know Bela would never miss a frat party! —S.H.

 When Mike Schur set out to adapt the 2021 Oscar-nominated documentary The Mole Agent for a comedy TV series, he says he had one guiding light: “Whatever we changed or however we altered the story, I always wanted the vibe or the feeling of the documentary to be what we were aiming at.” The overall plot is more or less the same — it follows Charles (Ted Danson), a retired man who gets a new lease on life when he answers an ad from a private investigator and becomes a mole in a secret investigation in a nursing home. Mary Elizabeth Ellis, Stephanie Beatriz, Lilah Richcreek Estrada, Stephen McKinley Henderson, and Margaret Avery also star. However, Schur was keen to beef up the actual crime Charles is investigating. “I just wanted to make a bigger deal out of the case,” he explains. “I wanted the PI to be more involved. I wanted there to be more clues and more cliffhangers and more of a sense that this is a real crime that's being committed and a real thing that demands investigation. And I wanted to show Charles going from a person who was kind of bad at it and was playing dress up with the Sherlock Holmes cap, to all the way to being a person who was potentially capable of actually putting the puzzle pieces together and solving a case.” —L.H.

 Time is a slippery concept in the Dune universe. The upcoming Max series Dune: Prophecy is a prequel set approximately 10,000 years before the events of Frank Herbert’s original novel (and the Denis Villeneuve/Timothee Chalamet movies based on it). But since it revolves around the Bene Gesserit, the matriarchal order of mystics whose plans are measured in centuries, some characters can see the future, while others are haunted by their own recent past. At the center of it all are two sisters, Valya Harkonnen (Emily Watson) and Tula Harkonnen (Olivia Williams), trying to hold everything together. “The past is alive in the present in a way that is completely unique to Dune,” showrunner Alison Schapker says. “The past is literally intruding on people's brains, but also past events are shaping the future, and the Bene Gesserit are acutely aware of that. The show needs to speak to time in a way that we can see some of that interaction and understand it emotionally.” —Christian Holub

 In order to create a new Cruel Intentions, co-showrunners Sara Goodman and Phoebe Fisher knew that, first and foremost, they had to find the right setting. "We talked a lot about what the peak behind the curtain of a rarefied world that we hadn't seen before could be, where it felt like it had its own social hierarchy," Fisher says. They landed on fraternities and sororities, which is where their story takes place. "Part of the conversation was: How do we stay true to everything we loved about the movie but put it in a world that we haven't necessarily seen before," Goodman says. But really, what made college Greek life the perfect setting is the fact that, as Goodman puts it, it's where "Cruelty is still embraced." —S.H.

 It’s one thing to create a whole new world for a TV show, but what is it like to create a whole new world within a pre-existing one? Especially when that pre-existing one is as massive as Star Wars. Thankfully, Skeleton Crew co-creators Jon Watts and Christopher Ford had executive producer Dave Filoni to help guide them. “What's great about working at Lucasfilm is that they'll let you know if you've gone outside of the boundaries,” Watts says. “We will come up with ideas of things that we like, and then [Filoni] will be like, ‘Actually, maybe it's this.’ Or, ‘Oh, we already did something like that somewhere else.’ You feel like you can safely explore things creatively without making some huge canonical mistake.” —D.R.

 After more than a decade of James Gunn superhero stories, it’s clear that the man loves misfits. So even though the new co-head of DC Films is directing a big new Superman movie out next summer, before then he’s got a new animated show about a motley crew of monsters. “Creature Commandos is like Guardians of the Galaxy without the sentimentality,” Gunn says. After the events of the Suicide Squad movies, Amanda Waller (Viola Davis) has been barred from sending any more human criminals on hare-brained suicide missions. Her new loophole is to use non-human operatives like Frankenstein (David Harbour), the Bride (Indira Varma), Doctor Phosphorous (Alan Tudyk), Nina Mazursky (Zoe Chao), the Weasel and G.I. Robot (Sean Gunn). A violent adult animated series may seem like an odd way to kick off a new superhero franchise meant to rival the Marvel Cinematic Universe in scope and connectivity. But for Gunn, Creature Commandos is a perfect way to show off the full range of DC’s storytelling: “Superman is the true start of everything, it's a humongous epic. This is a way for people to just take a little nibble and see what it tastes like." —C.H.

 Jan Thijs/Prime Video
 Tired of being steamrolled and much too clever to let her life crumble, Ruth Landry (Margo Martindale) decides to defy a heartless system by assembling a crew to undertake the Canadian heist of the century. The target? The country’s multimillion dollar maple syrup surplus. Ruth, it turns out, isn’t your average heist culprit: Rather than being a hardened criminal, she’s a supremely competent maple syrup farmer who’s got a bone to pick with her country’s polite, bureaucratic conventions. “She's tough and she's furious,” Martindale says, adding that the story finds Ruth “at the end of her rope” and ready to “go to any length to help her [sick] husband.” To do so, she enlists the help of a mild-mannered security guard (Guillaume Cyr) and a low-level mobster (Chris Diamantopoulos) to change her fate in what will one day be known as “The Great Canadian Maple Syrup Heist.” Martindale is no stranger to playing a tough-as-nails woman who is more than meets the eye — viewers of Justified and The Americans know this all too well. But while Ruth shares some of that same “darkness,” Martindale warns that she is also dangerously off-kilter. “She's been thrown off and so she is fighting back in a way that I haven't played before,” she says. Produced by Jamie Lee Curtis — who will also appear in the series — Ruth’s story is based on the real-life heist that drained about $13 million U.S. worth of the sticky stuff. —S.R.

 Patrick Dempsey and Sarah Michelle Gellar are conducting a serial killer master class on Dexter: Original Sin — but their characters have no idea. The ‘90s-set Dexter prequel stars Dempsey as Captain Aaron Spencer, head of the Miami Metro Police Department's homicide division, while Gellar plays Tanya Martin, the CSI Chief. They're Dexter's (Patrick Gibson, taking over the role originated by Michael C. Hall) new bosses as he begins a forensics internship, and Gellar says her role is to be the "comic relief" on the show: "It's fun to sort of inadvertently be the character that teaches Dexter everything that he needs to know to really be a good serial killer, but all the while not knowing that you're doing it." Meanwhile Aaron has “known Dexter since he's very little, he's seen him grow up," Dempsey says. "My job is to figure out what's going on as the detective, and oversee what the detectives are doing. [Meanwhile] there is the father-son relationship and dark passenger and how he's trying to navigate that. As the series progresses, that voice gets louder and louder and it's harder and harder for Dexter to control that." —S.B.

 The first true adaptation of 100 Years of Solitude, Gabriel García Márquez's story full of magical realism about a young couple who marry against their parents' wishes and eventually become founders of a utopian city by the sea, also comes with a stamp of approval from the late author's family, who made sure that the Netflix adaptation followed García Márquez's wishes. "It was incredibly important to the García Márquez family that, one, it had to be filmed in Colombia, and two, it had to be filmed with Colombian actors in Spanish," director Alex García López tells EW. "In the 70s, 80s, and 90s there was a lot of, as we know, white-washed Hollywood adaptations of Latin American novels. Gabo suffered from a few of those adaptations, and he never wanted that to happen again with Cien Años de Soledad." The series is divided into two seasons, with Argentinian born García López helming the first season and Colombian writer-director Laura Mora leading the second. —Y.M.

 Don't worry, Squid Game fans: "The red hair is no more," director Hwang Dong-hyuk says with a laugh. When Netflix's hit Korean survival drama returns for season 2, Gi-hun/Player 456 (Lee Jung-jae) is ditching the questionable hairdo he debuted in the season 1 finale — but that's not the only thing that's different. Lee tells EW that due to Gi-hun's "huge amount of survivor's guilt" from being the sole survivor of the bloody games, he's spent the past three years planning his revenge. "He spent that time believing that these games must not continue, and he must put an end to it," Lee says. "He spent that time trying to track down those who are behind the game." When season 2 begins, Gi-hun has a new mission "of wanting to put an end to these games ever being held in the first place," Hwang reveals. And that means re-entering the game to take it down from the inside. "He is a different person now — you will not be getting the foolish and clumsy or childish-at-times Gi-hun that you saw in the beginning," Hwang adds. "You will get to see a much heavier, darker side of Gi-hun." —S.B.

 Ray Romano and Lisa Kudrow star as Paul and Lydia Morgan, a husband and wife who put their 1920s Los Feliz home — one filled with happy memories but also dark secrets — on the market in this eight-episode dark comedy from Dead to Me architect Liz Feldman. The series with a sprawling ensemble cast (Linda Cardellini! Luke Wilson! Teyonah Parris! O-T Fagbenle! Abbi Jacobson! Poppy Liu! Linda Lavin!) follows three families as they vie for the Morgan home, mining just “how far we're willing to go to protect and provide for our families,” teases Feldman. “I'm not afraid for there to be some darkness, so this is certainly in the same universe as Dead to Me tonally.” As for that reunion with Cardellini, expect her character Margo — a status seeker in the house-flipping biz — to be the complete opposite of Judy Hale: “There’s a whiff of Housewives in there.” —J.W.

 Richard Gere has a big problem with his new series,The Agency. He and his wife "were hooked on" the hit French series Le Bureau, upon which the new espionage political thriller is based. "The one thing that I feel terrible about is I probably can't watch this, because I hate watching myself," Gere says. "I probably won't be watching this with my wife. She'll watch it on her own — I know her." The Agency follows a covert CIA agent (Michael Fassbender) who is ordered to abandon his undercover life and return to London Station, but when the love he left behind reappears, romance reignites, and his career, his real identity, and his mission are pitted against his heart. Gere plays Bosko, the London Station Chief with a storied past after serving as an undercover agent himself. "This is a big shot," Gere reveals. "He's got a mouth on him, too — he's not the strong silent type, this guy." This is only the second TV role in Gere's long-running acting career, and he says it was worth the wait. "Every episode is going to have surprises," he promises. —S.B.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)