A mother accidentally shot and killed her beloved 13-year-old daughter as she rummaged in her purse for keys, before pulling the trigger of her pistol.
De'Ann Radley, from Nashville, Tennessee, US, frantically called 911 around 10 pm on Saturday (March 23) and told police that she was reaching into her purse and accidentally shot her loaded .40-caliber semi-automatic pistol.
The child was rushed to hospital, where police say she died from a single gunshot.
READ MORE: Mia Khalifa shares Selena Gomez 'nip slip' snap despite singer deleting wardrobe fail
Click here for more news coming out of the US.
The Metropolitan Nashville Police Department added that they are investigating the death of her daughter, Dearria Radley. No charges have been made.
Writing on Facebook in all caps, the mother paid a touching tribute to her "baby".
She said: "[SIC] Hug your babies tight bc I lost mine, words cant describe this pain my oldest my twin my love my baby was so beautiful, god give me the strength I wouldnt wish this pain on anyone my heart is in a million pieces.
"Bug wake up mommy needs you 13 years baby 13 years we have been through so much together who is going to tell me momma its gone be okay and hugging me and wiping my tears away.
"Dearria I need you I cant do this bug I love you so so much."
De'Ann followed up with a GoFundMe, saying she needed help laying her child to rest. She wrote: "I dont have insurance to bury her, if anyone can help me during these painful times. I would gladly appreciate your contribution god bless you."
She told local media: "My world is just falling apart. I loved that little girl so much."
To stay up to date with all the latest news, make sure you sign up to one of our newsletters here .
The Daily Star is now on WhatsApp and we want you to join us!
Through the app, we'll send you the sassiest showbiz stories, some naught headline and a seismic smattering of aliens...along with the latest breaking news of course.
To join our community, all you have to do to join is click on this link, select 'Join Chat' and you're in!
No one will be able to see who has sign up and no one can send messages except for the Daily Star team. We also treat our community members to competitions, special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners.
If you don’t like our community, you can check out any time you like. To leave our community click on the name at the top of your screen and choose Exit group. If you’re curious, you can read our Privacy Notice.
CLICK HERE TO JOIN
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.