By Katie Campione 
TV Reporter

	Justin Russo (David Henrie) is taking a young wizard under his wing in Wizards Beyond Waverly Place.

	The trailer for the sequel series, which was released Tuesday, gives a glimpse at the shenanigans that Billie (Janice LeAnn Brown) is going to cause once Alex Russo (Selena Gomez), drops her off with Justin, begging her brother for help training the prodigé. 

	According to Alex, the “fate of the world” is in Billie’s hands, but before she can take on a task like saving the wizard world, she needs a talented older wizard to show her the ropes — and a family who will pick her back up again no matter how many mistakes she makes.

	










	Watch the full trailer above. 




			Watch on Deadline		






Wizards Beyond Waverly Place will premiere on Disney Channel with two episodes airing on October 29 at 8 p.m. ET/PT. The first eight episodes will become available the next day on Disney+ and Disney Channel On Demand.

RELATED: 2024 Premiere Dates For New & Returning Series On Broadcast, Cable & Streaming

	The series follows an adult Justin Russo, who has chosen to lead a normal, mortal life with his family, Giada, Roman and Milo. When Justin’s sister Alex brings Billie to his home seeking help, Justin realizes he must dust off his magical skills to mentor the wizard-in-training while also juggling his everyday responsibilities — and safeguarding the future of the Wizard World. 

	Jed Elinoff and Scott Thomas serve as writers and executive producers, along with executive producers Gary Marsh, Jonas Agin, Gomez and Henrie. Andy Fickman directed and executive-produced the pilot and will direct multiple episodes. Wizards of Waverly Place was created by Todd Greenwald.
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.