E-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
to submit an obituary

Deadlines:


Monday-Friday 8:30am-4:00pm, Call 610-915-2226


(Proofs will be provided for accuracy only, they will not be styled/formatted like the finished product)


Obituaries submitted on Saturday, Sunday and Holidays are accepted from 8:30 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. by email only Obit@delcotimes.com


(No proofs will be furnished. Pricing will not be available until the next business day after 10:00am by calling Dianne at 610-915-2226)


Obituaries received after Deadline will not be published in the following edition of the paper.


Sending Procedure:


Email is the preferable method for receiving Obituaries (and the only method on Saturday, Sunday and Holidays), they can be sent to Obit@delcotimes.com (Feel free to call and confirm that we’ve received the email)


Formatting:


Obituaries will continue to visually look the same as they currently do, but you will no longer be restricted in what you can say (ex. As much Family can be listed as you’d like; Wording like “Went to rest with the Lord” is now permissible)


Other:


There is a cost for each obituary. Pricing and payments are only available Monday through Friday, 8:30 am to 4:00 pm. All weekend and holiday submissions will be provided a cost the next business day.


Exceptions:


All New accounts, Out of State Funeral Homes and Private Parties will require prepayment upon approval of the obituary. Weekend and Holiday staff are not authorized to set up a new account or process payments


Deadline for the above is before 4:00 PM Mon – Fri. only (Holiday schedules may vary).


Prepayment required submissions will be handled on the very first business day following the weekend and/or holiday schedule. A complete name, address and best contact phone number are required upon submittal of your obituary request to set up your account. A proof will then be emailed for review but placed on hold until payment is received.

Sign up for email newsletters
E-Edition

			TRENDING:		
Jeremy Allen White will almost definitely continue his streak of glomming awards as Best Actor in a Comedy Series for his portrayal as “The Bear’s” Chef Carmi when this year’s Emmy Awards convene at 8 p.m. on Sept. 15, on ABC (Channel 6).
The FX/Hulu series will most likely follow suit for Best Comedy Series. Ditto for co-star Ayo Edibiri as Best Actress and, if there’s justice in the world, Jamie Lee Curtis as Best Supporting Actress in a Comedy for her turn as Carmi’s mother in a flashback episode.
Other than “The Bear” dominating these important categories, the Emmy field looks competitive and less predictable than it has in several years.
The eight shows vying for Best Drama Series show the wide range in television programming this season.
The last year of Netflix’s “The Crown” vies against the FX spectacle, “Shogun,” while an improved second season of Max’s “The Gilded Age” competes with the far different “3 Body Problem” from Netflix.
Rounding out the series are Apple’s “The Morning Show,” which comes and goes from the nomination list, FX’s “Slow Horses,” Prime Video’s “Fallout,” and Prime’s “Mr. And Mrs. Smith.”
My vote would probably go to “The Crown” with “3 Body Problem” coming in second.
“Shogun” is certainly impressive, and “The Morning Show,” like “The Gilded Age,” had more going on this season than in others.
Best Actor in a Drama Series looks equally difficult to call since every role for which an actor received a nomination is so individual in style and substance, it can barely be compared to the others.
Dominic West may have the most standard role as Prince Charles in “The Crown,” but he played it with aplomb.
Gary Oldman and Hiroyuki Sanada in “Slow Horses” and “Shogun,” respectively, are impressive, but ever-reliable Idris Elba added to his luster in “Hijack,” Donald Glover did fine in “Mr. And Mrs. Smith,” and Walton Goggins aces his dual role in “Fallout.”
My vote is undecided but leaning towards Oldman or West. My guess, however, is Sanada.
Best Actress in a Drama Series boasts a lot more star names, although I think Jennifer Aniston and Reese Witherspoon from “The Morning Show” may bow to Carrie Coon in “The Gilded Age” when the Emmy envelope is opened.
Queen Elizabeth II has proven to be quite the vote-getter for actresses portraying her. Imelda Staunton may have just as good a chance as Claire Foy and Olivia Colman had when her played the queen in earlier seasons of “The Crown.”
Maya Erskine from “Mr. And Mrs. Smith” and Anna Sauai from “Shogun” round out the category.
“The Morning Show” hogs most of the nominations for Best Supporting Actress in a Drama Series, but while Nicole Beharie, Greta Lee, Karen Pittman, and Holland Taylor represent the Apple Original, Elizabeth Debicki, as Princess Diana most likely takes home the Emmy.
Christine Baranski from “The Gilded Age” and Lesley Manville as Princess Margaret in “The Crown” round out the group.
“The Morning” also accounts for three of the seven nominations for Best Supporting Actor in a Drama Series.
Past recipient Billy Crudup probably has a better chance of accepting it than casemates Jon Hamm and Mark DuPlass.
“Shogun” earned nominations for both Takehiro Mira and Tadanobo Asano. Jack Lowden is cited for “Slow Horses” and Jonathan Pryce for playing Prince Philip in “The Crown.
I’m betting on Pryce.
Neither White nor Edibiri is without competition in their respective categories.
Jean Smart in “Hacks” is a perennial contender, and Quinta Brunson from “Abbott Elementary” is another who consistently has a dog in the hunt.
I’m not fan enough of “Palm Royale” to think its lead Kristen Wiig has a chance, and Selena Gomez of “Only Murders in the Building” may be the weakest of that show’s headliners.
Maya Rudolph also competes with “Loot.”
If White was not in the equation as the “E,” “c,” and “M” squared, there might be quite a race between Martin Short and Steve Martin in “Only Murders in the Building,” Matt Berry from “What We Do in the Shadows,” D’Pharoah Woon-A-Tai from “Reservation Dogs,” or Larry David from “Curb Your Enthusiasm” would garner lots of votes. Especially Larry David.
It would be fun to see 91-year-old Carol Burnett take home a new Emmy for her role as the aged doyenne in “Palm Royale,” but Meryl Streep from “Only Murders in the Building” and Sheryl Lee Ralph from “Abbott Elementary,” the only show from a traditional network to get acting nominations, could rain on that parade.
Ralph is by far my favorite character in “Abbott,” but Streep is delectable in “Only Murders,” showing her star quality as she plays a woman who shows glimmers of Streep-like talent.
Even adding Hannah Eisenberg from “Hacks,” Liza Colón-Zayas from “The Bear,” and Janelle James from “Abbott” to the mix, Streep earns one more acting prize.
Ebon Moss-Bachrach gives “The Bear” one more likely winner as he vies with casemate Lionel Boyce, Paul Rudd from “Only Murders in the Building,” Bowen Yang on “Saturday Night Live,” Paul W. Downs from “Hacks, and Tyler James Williams in “Abbott Elementary” for Best Supporting Actor in a Comedy Series.
Nominees in the Best Limited Series category help give television a good name.
They are “Baby Reindeer,” “Fargo,” “Lessons in Chemistry,” “Ripley,” and “True Detective: Night Country.”
All are worthy. My preference is “Fargo.” I think the Emmy will go to “Baby Reindeer.”
I enjoyed Naomi Watts in “Capote and The Swans,” was happy to see Brie Larson have a role with stature in “Lessons in Chemistry,” thought Jodie Foster did her usual urgency to “True Detective,” and admired Sofia Vergara as “Griselda,” but the best of all was Juno Temple in “Fargo.”
Tom Hollander may join Robert Morse and Phillip Seymour Hoffman by being the television actor who accepts as award for playing Truman Capote, but his elevation will not be easy. Nor taken for granted.
Jon Hamm in “Fargo” and Andrew Scott in “Ripley add more than heady competition. They gave two of the best performances, creating energy and gaining attention.
Richard Gadd personifies distress in “Baby Reindeer,” while Matt Bomer enlivens “Fellow Travelers.”
Hollander and Hamm each seem formidable, but I am guessing Andrew Scott will receive the Emmy.
Dakota Fanning, also from “Ripley” is my preference for Best Supporting Actress in a Limited Series.
As Best Supporting Actor in a limited series, my preference is Jonathan Bailey for “Fellow Travelers.”
I did not see all of the nominees in the Guest Appearance category, but Claire Foy’s flashback on “The Crown” seems like a winner, even though she competes with Marcia Gay Harden, Sarah Paulson and Parker Posey.
FYI: The newest season of “Slow Horses” begins Wednesday on Apple.
The Eagles begin their season in rare fashion, by playing their opening game on Friday night and by playing it in Brazil.
Though thousands of miles away from Lincoln Financial Field, the Eagles are considered the home team in a match with the Green Bay Packers, veterans at playing games abroad.
Game time Friday is 8:15 p.m. from Corinthian Arena in São Paulo.
Nationally, the first-ever NFL game played in South America airs on Peacock.
Locally, it will be seen on Channel 10.
NBC announcer Noah Eagle calls play-by-play while Todd Blackledge does analysis and Kaylee Hartung reports from the sidelines.
Radio audiences can hear the familiar voices of Merrill Reese and Mike Quick on WIP (94.1 FM). Nationally, the game will be broadcast on the Westwood One network with Scott Graham on play-by-play and Mike Maycock on analysis.
The Spanish broadcast will have Rickie Ricardo on play-by-play with Oscar Budejen and Dave Gerhardt doing analysis. It airs on La Mega, WHAT (105.7 FM).
The NFL considers this Eagles-Packers game a major event, so it will have a halftime show by a top Brazilian entertainer, Anita, and a pre-game show featuring Luísa Sonza and CAROLA (caps theirs).
Whether these performances will be part of the broadcast I don’t know.
The Phillies game scheduled for Friday, a 6:40 p.m. away game against the Miami Marlins will be heard on WPHT (1210 AM).
Healing wishes to Channel 29’s “Good Day Philadelphia” meteorologist Sue Serio, who announced on Friday’s show that for the second time in her life, she has been diagnosed with breast cancer.
Serio will have surgery this week.
She reported her own story with the common sense and optimism she has displaying on “Good Day,” at weather map or desk, for more than 25 years.
Serio said her main hope in relating her experience is to make sure people do not put off their annual mammogram screening.
“I call it a ‘mash-o-gram,’ ” Sue said while telling viewers how early detection saved her life twice, in 2012 and again this year. A mammogram taken in recent weeks revealed a small spot different from surrounding tissue.
A biopsy showed the cells to be malignant.
Serio said she wishes she never had to tell another cancer story but that her news is encouraging.
Following early detection, she was told at Penn’s Abramson Center the spot was “very small” and that she was “going to be fine.”
Her advice to viewers was, “Get screened and get on with your life.”
That, she added was her plan.
Republican presidential candidate and former President Donald Trump appears 9 p.m. Wednesday at a town hall in Harrisburg’s New Holland Arena, moderated by Sean Hannity and airing on Fox News Channel.
The town hall is pre-taped and will last for an hour.
It will be the second week in a row for a major TV appearance by a 2024 candidate.
Democrat nominee Vice President Kamala Harris sat for an interview with CNN’s Dana Bash last week. Her running mate, Minnesota Gov. Tim Walz, appeared with her.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group