Kelly Rowland shared a carousel post on social media from her night honoring Ms. Tina Knowles at the Glamour Women of the Year Awards.
Source: Kevin Mazur / Getty
Kelly Rowland may be the last to post her photo recap from the 2024 Glamour Women of the Year Awards, but there’s no time limit on a slay! Kelly Rowland, Beyoncé, Solange, and their cousin Angie showed up in full force to celebrate and honor the Knowles matriarch Tina Knowles at the ceremony. Mama Tina was honored alongside Donna Kelce (mom of Travis and Jason Kelce), Mandy Teefey (mom of Selena Gomez and Gracie Teefey), and Maggie Baird (mom of Billie Eilish and Finneas O’Connell). Kelly captioned the post, “Yeah….im late….my bad. But anyway, this is one of the most memorable nights!”
MUST SEE: Red Carpet Rundown: ‘Glamour’ Brings Out The ‘It Girls’ For Its 2024 US Women Of The Year Awards
Kelly, who is considered a “bonus” daughter to Mama Tina, posted a carousel of personal photos from the star-studded night, including an image of Beyoncé being the ultimate best friend and capturing a photo of her sister fren. Fans in the comments section, noticed the chemistry between Victoria Monét and Kelly in the last slide. Kid Fury wrote, “The last slide brings me a side story joy. I love all of y’all. Congrats Ms. Tina!”
 


					Related Stories
				





 

Kelly Rowland’s Recent Instagram Pictures Has Us Gagging






 

Are You A Hot Girl? 4 Ways To Wear The Hot Pants Trend






 

Red Carpet Gallery: See Kelly Rowland In Gold, Ciara In White, Ashanti In Red & More At The 2024 Baby2Baby Gala






In her acceptance speech, Ms. Tina thanked God for blessing her with four beautiful children. “I’ve been so blessed in my life to do many things. I’ve had many careers, but I’ve always said that the best job that I’ve ever had is being a mother. I’ve had the privilege of raising and helping to raise four daughters — two that were born to me and two that were a gift to me from God.”
Mama Tina celebrated with her girls at the 2024 Glamour Awards where she posed for photos with all her daughters. Congrats, Ms. Tina.
RELATED STORIES:
Style Gallery: Chloe Bailey, Jodie Turner Smith, Eve, & More At ‘Glamour UK’s’ Women Of The Year Awards
Kelly Rowland Says She ‘Stood Her Ground’ Against Red Carpet Security Guard

Related Tags


									Derm Diaries: This HBCU Student Shares Her Personal Journey With Atopic Dermatitis								

									Coi Leray Does The Big Chop And We're In Love								

									Op-Ed: Stop Telling Me I Don’t Need To Lose Any More Weight								

									Simone Biles Accepts The 2025 Time100 Impact Award In Oscar de la Renta								

									Beyoncé Drops Custom Grillz For The 'Cowboy Carter Tour'—And We Are Obsessed								

									Lizzo Celebrates Reaching Her Weight Loss Goals On Instagram								

									Jalen Hurts Marries Longtime Girlfriend Bry Burrows								

									Tina Knowles & Michelle Obama's Boots-On-The-Ground Moment Has Us Smiling								

						This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and
						Terms of Service apply.
						

					We care about your data. See our privacy policy.				
Celebrating Your Favorite Black-Owned Brands & Products!
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.