We rely on your support for our independence, diversity and quality.

					Asian man with glasses is sitting alone outside in a park writing in a book with a pencil © Ika Larsson
 / shutterstock.com				
This article saved into your bookmarks. Click here to view your bookmarks. 
Something to consider when reading/listening: Do you need to produce the art in order for it to belong to you?
My name is Alvin Rikard. The year is 2043. And I am a writer. I am still a writer. 
I think I can pinpoint where it all went wrong. The moment humanity decided to swallow itself up. It was with a phrase: “We think you might like this.”
[Doe Wilmann first released this piece on his short story podcast, Meaningless Problems.]
The views expressed in this article are the author’s own and do not necessarily reflect Fair Observer’s editorial policy.
We rely on your support for our independence, diversity and quality.
For more than 10 years, Fair Observer has been free, fair and independent. No billionaire
							owns us, no advertisers control us. We are a reader-supported nonprofit. Unlike many other
							publications, we keep our content free for readers regardless of where they live or whether
							they can afford to pay. We have no paywalls and no ads.
In the post-truth era of fake news, echo chambers and filter bubbles, we publish a plurality
							of perspectives from around the world. Anyone can publish with us, but everyone goes through
							a rigorous editorial process. So, you get fact-checked, well-reasoned content instead of
							noise. 
We publish 2,500+ voices from 90+ countries. We also conduct education and training programs
							on subjects ranging from digital media and journalism to writing and critical thinking. This
							doesn’t come cheap. Servers, editors, trainers and web developers cost
							money.Please consider supporting us on a regular basis as a recurring donor or a
								sustaining member.
We rely on your support for our independence, diversity and quality.
Per Month

													In “Outside the Box,” I interrogate ChatGPT with two goals: to better understand how AI “reasons” and to use its...												

													In “Outside the Box,” I interrogate ChatGPT to better understand how AI “reasons.” It’s like a conversation with an intelligent...												

													In “Outside the Box,” I interrogate ChatGPT to better understand how AI “reasons.” It’s like a conversation with an intelligent...												
Unique Insights from 2,500+ Contributors in 90+ Countries
We rely on your support for our independence, diversity and quality.
*Indicates required field

Fair Observer is a 501(c)(3) independent nonprofit. We are not owned by billionaires or controlled by
                    advertisers. We publish nearly 3,000 authors from over 90 countries after fact-checking and editing each
                    piece. We do not have a paywall and anyone can read us for free. With your vital donations, we can
                    continue
                    to do our work. 

                    Please make a recurring (or even one-time) donation today.  Even $1 goes a long way because
                    a
                    million donors
                    like you mean one million dollars. Thank you for keeping us independent, free and fair.
                
Enter your registered email address or username. You will receive a
                                link to create a new password via email.
We have sent a link to your registered email address to reset your password.
Unique Insights from 2,500+ Contributors in 90+ Countries
Total Views: 1692