By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
One mystery has already been solved ahead of the Only Murders in the Building Season 4 premiere: We now know who Eugene Levy, Zach Galifianakis and Eva Longoria are playing!
In a February interview, Craig Erwich, who oversees ABC, Freeform and Hulu, confirmed that the acclaimed, New York City-based comedy will relocate to California for at least part of Season 4.
“I’m very excited to see Steve [Martin], Martin [Short] and Selena [Gomez] take a little break from the apartment building and come to Los Angeles,” Erwich said. “So in the same way that [series co-creator] John Hoffman [in Season 3] used the canvas of Broadway to tell what I think was one of the most unique seasons you’ve ever seen, the same unique Only Murders take will be applied to Los Angeles.”

 




Related Stories The Chosen Season 5 Gets Amazon Premiere Date, Trailer Teasing Jesus’ Final Days The Gilded Age Season 3 Sets June Premiere, Just in Time for Marian and Larry’s Wedding? Watch Trailer 
More specifically, the Season 4 investigation leads the trio of crimesolving neighbors to a Hollywood studio that is readying a film about their Only Murders podcast. As revealed by Hulu along with the release of the provocative photo above, Levy, Galifianakis and Longoria — playing themselves — will respectively fill the roles of Charles, Oliver and Mabel.
Which of the three, previously announced guest stars do you think serves the best “double” take? 
All told in Only Murders in the Building Season 4, “Charles, Oliver and Mabel wrestle with the shocking events at the end of Season 3 surrounding Charles’ stunt double and friend Sazz Pataki (played by Jane Lynch),” according to the official logline. “Questioning whether Sazz or Charles was the intended victim, our trio’s investigation leads them all the way to Los Angeles, where a Hollywood studio is readying a film about the Only Murders podcast. As our amateur sleuths race back to New York, they embark on an even more epic journey — traversing their building’s courtyard to delve into the twisted lives of the Arconia’s West Tower residents.”
Season 4 of Only Murders in the Building premieres on Hulu Wednesday, Aug. 27, with weekly releases.
Want scoop on Only Murders in the Building, or for any other TV show? Email InsideLine@tvline.com, and your question may be answered via Matt’s Inside Line!
Comments are monitored, so don’t forkin' curse and don’t bore us with how much your coworker’s sister-in-law makes per hour. Talk smart about TV! 
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * Your email address will not be published. We will notify you when someone replies.
Δ
So…a woman nearly 20 years older than her is supposed to play Selena’s doppelgänger? Maybe that gap will be part of the story?
Yeah, none of them are exactly perfect 1:1 casting, but they’re all vaguely in the right ballpark. I think that will be part of the joke.
I’m guessing they do a thing where the movie makes Mabel a romantic interest of the 2 guys.
Zach Galifianakis is 20 years younger than Martin Short too. I’m sure the age changes will be part of the story. “No one would believe a young woman in her 20s would be best friends with men her grandfather’s age! Let’s make her older and let’s age down one of the guys so there can be romantic tension between them!”
+125 TVLine Power User points (never a cash value)
Those will be fun doppelgangers, I’m excited for season 4.
…is it just me or is there a different Martin Short doppelganger in the mirror? His shoulders do not match up with Zach’s. Maybe there are more surprises ahead!
Well, there goes that theory about Longoria being Mabel’s as-yet-unseen aunt.
Why couldn’t it be both?  Her aunt happens to be an actress, and someone gets the bright idea to cast her as Mabel, ignoring the age difference because “it’s just such a cool idea.”
According to the piece above, “Levy, Galifianakis and Longoria [are] playing themselves.” I suppose that a fictionalized Eva Longoria could also be Mabel’s aunt, but that direction seems unlikely.
Can we also get Jason Schwartzman & Ted Danson in this please?
Seeing Zach Galifianakis play Martin Short’s character is probably going to be the best thing ever.
By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.