It was a difficult start to the year for much of Hollywood following some heartbreaking celebrity deaths – but it wasn't all sad news as January also revealed some new celebrity couples.
Following breakups and divorces, the likes of Renee Rapp, Barry Keoghan, Joe Jonas, and Selena Gomez found themselves embarking on new relationships, much to the delight of their fans. With several months of the year still to come, we can't wait to see which other A-listers will find love.
Below are just some of the famous faces who have embarked on new relationships in 2024 so far…
Mean Girls star Renee Rapp confirmed her relationship with her girlfriend Towa Bird at the Vanity Fair's Oscars after-party on March 10.
The couple walked the red carpet together and posed for photos, just one month after Renee confirmed her split from TikToker Alissa Carrington, whom she dated for a year.
The duo has been friends for a while and romance rumors went into overdrive when Towa joined Renee on her Snow Hard Feelings Tour throughout 2023 and 2024.
The couple set tongues wagging during steamy performances of Tummy Ache every night.
They've been spotted together numerous times since and partied together during the first weekend of Coachella in April.
Sophie Turner was spotted kissing the heir to the fourth Viscount Cowdray, Peregrine Pearson, in Paris at the end of October 2023, but it wasn't until January 2024 that she shared photos of him from a ski trip on Instagram.
In February, the couple stopped hiding their romance and made their first outing together, posing for photos with their arms around each other at Stanley Zhu’s Year of Dragon Celebration at Dixie Queen in London.
Their relationship comes after her divorce from Joe Jonas, who has also moved on from their failed marriage and is now dating model Stormi Bree.
One Tree Hill alum Sophia Bush and former soccer player Ashlyn Harris were first linked in 2023 following their splits from their respective partners.
Sophia ended her 13-month marriage to Grant Hughes in 2023, while Ashlyn filed for divorce from Ali Krieger in September.
Sophia and Ashlyn have been friends for years, but their relationship has reportedly turned romantic, although neither of them has commented on it publicly.
In March 2024, they attended the Elton John AIDS Foundation’s annual Oscars viewing party together.
While they posed separately on the red carpet, inside the event they were pictured together, although they had several famous buffers between them.
They also attended the Art Production Fund's 2024 Gala that same month and were photographed sitting next to each other, appearing to hold hands under the table.
Bradley Cooper and Gigi Hadid were linked in October 2023, but they confirmed their relationship when they were spotted holding hands during a trip to London in January.
They were photographed on several outings around New York City in the months following.
They sealed their relationship status when they were photographed kissing for the first time while dining with friends at Manhattan's Via Carota restaurant.
Saltburn star Barry Keoghan and singer Sabrina Carpenter were romantically linked in January after they were spotted on an apparent dinner date in LA in December.
While neither of them has spoken out about their rumored romance, the duo was photographed together leaving Luna Luna – an experimental art museum in Los Angeles – on January 13, and according to reports they "shared a little kiss" while at the venue.
Barry split from Alyson Sandro, whom he first met in a London bar in February 2021, in the summer of 2023. The couple share a son, Brando, one.
When questioned about the separation, the 31-year-old Irish actor responded with admiration for Alyson's parenting, telling GQ, "She's done a great job, and she's an incredible mother." He chose not to delve further into the details of their split.
Sabrina, meanwhile, has been previously linked to Shawn Mendes and briefly dated singer and actor, Joshua Bassett.
Joe Jonas was first linked to model Stormi Bree in January following his split from his estranged wife, Sophie Turner in September 2023.
On January 3, Joe and Stormi were photographed boarding a private jet in Cabo San Lucas before they were spotted together in Aspen, Colorado, the next day, according to a photo obtained by DeuxMoi.
Stormi fueled romance speculation when she shared a photo of herself wearing a hat that Joe was also seen previously wearing, and they were pictured in pap shots together on a ski lift. Neither has confirmed their romance, yet.
Selena Gomez and record producer Benny Blanco have known each other for years and in 2019 they collaborated on the song, I Can't Get Enough, and her 2023 tune, Single Soon.
However, their relationship went from professional to romantic in 2023, with Selena confirming they had been dating for six months when quizzed by fans in December.
It was in January 2024 though that they went 'official', with Benny sharing a loved-up photo of the couple on Instagram. They also attended the Golden Globes on January 7. Although they didn't walk the red carpet together, Selena shared a photo of her and Benny kissing behind the scenes.
On January 15, Selena and Benny made their red carpet debut at the 75th Primetime Emmy Awards. Benny was ever the supportive boyfriend, blowing Selena a kiss as she headed off to mingle. 
Selena has described Benny as "the best thing that's ever happened to me" and while she didn't walk away with a Golden Globe, she shared a photo of the couple kissing on Instagram after the ceremony, writing: "I won".
Get the lowdown on the biggest, hottest celebrity news, features and profiles coming out of the U.S.  Sign up to our HELLO! Hollywood newsletterand get them delivered straight to your inbox. 
By entering your details, you are agreeing to HELLO! Magazine User Data Protection Policy. You can unsubscribe at any time. For more information please click here.