ByAlexandra York
andZoya Hasan
ByAlexandra York,
 Forbes Staff 
andZoya Hasan,
 Forbes Staff. 
Think this is nice? It’s a version of the weekly Under 30 newsletter and would be even better in your inbox. 
Photography by Tim Tadder; Additional Photography by Jamel Toppin and Shawn Hubbard for Forbes
Geopolitical crises, rising inflation, the U.S. Presidential Election—this year has given founders many reasons to worry about how their startups will fare in an uncertain economy. Yet “optimistic” was the word many of the young leaders honored on the 2025 Forbes Under 30 list, revealed last Tuesday, used to describe building a startup in our current economic climate.
“While the economy faces challenges, periods of uncertainty are often the best times to build resilient businesses,” says Kiara Nirghin, 24, whose startup Chima creates AI agents to help enterprises automate repetitive, everyday tasks. “Companies that can adapt quickly, embrace technology, and address real-world problems have tremendous opportunities to thrive. AI, in particular, is creating new avenues for startups to not only survive but excel.”
Nirghin is part of the brand new 2025 Under 30 AI category—the members of which have collectively raised $1.8 billion in funding. But the sentiment that artificial intelligence is a vehicle to drive economic growth extends beyond just this category.
Over on the Media list, Jacklyn Dallas, 23, says “AI is revolutionizing industries, providing entrepreneurs with unprecedented tools to innovate.” Dallas started a YouTube channel called NothingButTech at 13—she now interviews people like Google CEO Sundar Pichai for her 225,000 subscribers. But it’s not just AI that’s making innovation possible. Dallas points to technologies like social media as another entry point: “The digital landscape now allows creators to find and engage with niche audiences. The opportunity to connect with a global audience, solve real-world problems, and build communities through technology has never been more accessible,” she says.
Founders like Anna Molinari, 26, who designs garments out of soda can tabs and newspapers, is taking advantage of the rise of social platforms to build her brand. While she feels the oversaturation of fashion startups, she says she’s optimistic about those using content creation as a way to stand out. “For instance, large brands partner with me to create wearable pieces out of their waste that they can use as campaigns on their socials,” she says. “There is currently so much monetary value in digital marketing which makes it easier to be seen and to make money.”
These are just a few of the Under 30s on this year’s list that are successful because of their make-it-or-break-it attitude, and their adoption of new tech to break through the noise. If one thing’s for sure, it’s that these leaders love a good challenge, like Sophie Szew, who made the social media list for her work as a mental health advocate and a member of the National Advisory Council for the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration. “Call me young and radical and naive,” Szew says, “but there’s something about the intensity and unrest within our current environment that makes me feel like growth is coming.”
Until next time,
Alex and Zoya
Scott Wu
Scott Wu and his team of competitive coders are building AI agents that can program entirely on their own, “like an army of junior engineers.” The buzz of their startup, Cognition, landed 28-year-old CEO Wu on the cover of Forbes this month. Read about how the company is making next-gen technology possible here.
-Tractian, a 2024 Under 30 Manufacturing & Industry company, this week announced it raised a $120 million Series C round. Founded by Igor Marinelli, Leonardo Vieira and Gabriel Lima, Tractian offers its clients an AI-driven software that can detect signs of looseness, imbalance and misalignment in electrical infrastructure and industrial equipment. The latest round, led by Sapphire Ventures, brings the startup’s total funding to $200 million. 
-Tao Mantaras, who made the 30 Under 30 Europe Social Entrepreneurs list in 2019, launched a new company in 2023 called Concentro. Last week, he announced closing a $3 million seed funding round led by Firstminute Capital to continue building the new startup—which helps clean energy projects get financed, starting with tax credit transfers.
-Golden Globes nominations dropped this week, and many Under 30 listers are up for the coveted award: Under 30 Hall of Famer Miley Cyrus was nominated for Best Original Song - Motion Picture, for “Beautiful That Way,” written for The Last Showgirl; 2016 Hollywood & Entertainment alum Zendaya is up for Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Motion Picture - Musical or Comedy, for her role in Challengers; and both 2013 Hollywood & Entertainment lister Ariana Grande and 2016 Music alum Selena Gomez were nominated for best supporting actress as Glinda in Wicked and Jessi Del Monte in Emilia Pérez, respectively.
-Forbes unveiled its 21st annual ranking of The World’s 100 Most Powerful on Wednesday. Topping the list is Ursula von der Leyen, President of the European Commission, followed by European Central Bank president Christine Lagarde. Read more about the most impactful women, and find out who the youngest on this year’s list is (hint: she’s an Under 30 lister) here. (Forbes)
-Screen times might be in for a major drop. Last week, the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled in favor of a potential TikTok ban, upholding the constitutionality of a law that requires Apple and Google to remove the social media platform from their app stores by January 19. Now TikTok is asking for a grace period—hoping that President-elect Donald Trump, who used the app to tap young audiences in his 2024 campaign, might feel differently about the ban when he takes office in January. (Forbes)
-WNBA guard Caitlin Clark added two titles to her accolades this month. The Indiana Fever star, who made the Under 30 Sports list last week, was also named Time Magazine’s “Athlete of the Year" on Tuesday. She’s credited for her undeniable role in the increased attendance and viewership of women’s sports we’ve seen throughout 2024. (TIME)