Taylor Swift has a new group of girlfriends as the star hit the town earlier this week.
The American pop princess is currently on her huge The Era's Tour, which will see her play her 100th show on Thursday at Liverpool's Anfield Stadium. But fresh from her concerts in Scotland, Taylor decided to let her hair down with a string of famous faces during a trip to London.
Taylor, 34, is known for her high-profile friend groups which include the likes of Selena Gomez, Hailee Steinfeld, Gigi Hadid, Jennifer Lawrence and Cara Delevigne. But it appears she has a new squad as she and a group of pals headed to Casa Cruz in London's Notting Hill on Tuesday.
Bad Blood singer was joined by the likes of supermodel Kate Moss, Stella McCartney, Cara, Lena Dunham, Andrew Scott and Phoebe Waller-Bridge as they dined at the Argentinean restaurant. They were joined by guests Chrissie Hynde and Haim stars Este and Danielle.
Taylor looked sensational as she rocked a black corset underneath a grey coat as she braved the chilly London temperatures, accessorised with a choker necklace and killer high-heels, in pictures obtained by MailOnline. Taylor completed her look with bold red lipstick, emphasising her plump pout while her hair was styled to perfection, resting on her shoulder.
Her designer corset retailes for £1150, while her wool coat is on sale for £1,509. Supermodel Kate opted for a white satin pencil skirt and matching blazer while rocking a pair of fishnet tights for the outing.
Meanwhile, it appears that Taylor's pal and guest Stella McCartney was the go-to for her guests as Taylor, Phoebe and Cara decided to rock looks from her collection. Former Victoria's Secret model Cara dressed for the occasion, wearing a white vest top, with a heavy fur-lined black leather jacket keeping her warm.
The model-turned-actress rocked a pair of striped trousers, with a striking silver belt and heavy black boots as she made her way into the eatery. Stella, the daughter of The Beatles legend Sir Paul McCartney also turned heads as she arrived at the venue in a heavy leather-look coat, with auburn fur from the lining peeping out.
She chose a mini black dress for the outing while keeping her legs warmed with black tights as her famous red hair swayed in the gusty winds. Cara is often seen alongside her famous pal Taylor, with the singer making a secret trip to the West End to see Cara appear in the show Cabaret before she flew to Scotland for her Edinburgh gigs.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok , Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.