Manage your account
The 75th Primetime Emmy Awards aired on Monday (15 January) following a four-month delay, with the best talent in television gathering in Los Angeles for a shimmering ceremony.
The annual celebration of the year’s most brilliant TV shows took place half a year after nominations were announced back in July.
The ceremony was originally scheduled for September but was pushed back due to the Hollywood writer and actor strikes that brought the industry to a standstill last year. As such, these awards honoured shows that aired between 1 June 2022 and 31 May 2023, meaning it felt a bit like deja vu.
The show with the most nominations was Succession, the fourth and final season of which aired on HBO last year. The drama took home six awards. Fellow HBO dramas The Last of Us and The White Lotus were also heavily nominated, but failed to compete in terms of wins on the night.
Netflix’s limited series Beef and Hulu’s comedy The Bear also saw a raft of big wins at the ceremony.
You can find a full list of all the winners here.
2024 Emmy nominations in full
Who will win and who should win
Why were the Emmys delayed four months?
Anthony Anderson, the controversial Emmys host whose casting has sparked a backlash
Tuesday 16 January 2024 08:59 , Tom Murray
Ebon Moss-Bachrach planted a huge kiss on Matty Matheson’s lips after The Bear won Best Comedy Series.
“I just want to thank restaurants as a whole, hospitality as a whole,” TV chef-turned-actor Matheson began on stage. But before he could finish, Moss-Bachrach – who plays Cousin Richie on the show – grabbed Mattheson by the sides of his head and pulled him in for a lengthy smooch, causing shocked reactions from their cast mates and cheers from the audience.
Read more:
The Bear stars share surprising, lengthy on-stage kiss after Emmys win
Tuesday 16 January 2024 08:28 , Tom Murray
Tuesday 16 January 2024 07:59 , Tom Murray
The day of the Emmys, host Anthony Anderson weighed in on Jo Koy’s controversial performance at last week’s Golden Globes.
In the days since Koy’s widely-panned hosting job, the 52-year-old stand-up comedian has apologised for throwing his writers under the bus during his monologue.
Reacting to the outcry, Anderson told Fox News: “Everyone’s entitled to their opinion. There’s going to be criticism.”
Read more:
Emmys host Anthony Anderson on Jo Koy at Golden Globes: ‘You can’t please everyone’
Tuesday 16 January 2024 07:20 , Tom Murray
Many fans of The Morning Show were wondering why the Reese Witherspoon and Jennifer Aniston-fronted series received a grand total of zero nominations at the 75th Primetime Emmy Awards.
Fear not, Apple TV’s duo have not been snubbed by voters – the show is simply ineligible this time around.
These Emmys are a postponed version of the 2023 ceremony, which was delayed due to the Hollywood strikes. As such, tonight’s awards honour shows that aired between 1 June 2022 and 31 May 2023. The Morning Show’s recent third season, which aired from 13 September to 8 November 2023, won’t be eligible until next time around.
Tuesday 16 January 2024 06:49 , Tom Murray
Tuesday 16 January 2024 06:18 , Tom Murray
While posing outside of the Peacock Theater, Plaza turned heads with her look: a yellow dress with a giant sewing needle poked through the square-cut top. She paired the floor-length gown, which was designed by Loewe, with silver earrings and rings, while she wore her hair in a half-ponytail.
On X, formerly known as Twitter, Plaza’s outfit divided viewers, with many reacting with memes about the front of the dress resembling a Post-it note.
Find the best reactions here:
Aubrey Plaza’s yellow dress at 2024 Emmys sparks hilarious memes
Tuesday 16 January 2024 05:50 , Tom Murray
Hollywood’s favourite faces walked the red carpet outside Los Angeles’ Peacock Theater in gowns and tuxedoes that didn’t fail to turn heads.
We learned that red won’t be going anywhere this season, as it proved to be a favourite among attendees, with Grey’s Anatomy alum Katherine Heigl, Abbott Elementary’s Janelle James, and Daisy Jones and The Six’s Camila Morrone all stunning in simple, yet elegant red gowns. Old Hollywood glamour was also on display on the red carpet, with many stars arriving in their best satin skirts, feathered dresses, and silver or gold statement necklaces.
Find all the best looks here:
Emmy Awards 2024: The best-dressed celebrities on this year’s red carpet
Tuesday 16 January 2024 05:19 , Tom Murray
Tuesday 16 January 2024 05:14 , Tom Murray
“It might be remembered as a three-way battle, but there was no real battle about it,” writes Louis Chilton. “HBO’s universally acclaimed drama Succession ended the night as the most prolific victor, winning a total of six awards in the drama categories, including Best Series, Best Actor (for Kieran Culkin), Best Actress (for Sarah Snook) and Best Supporting Actor (for Matthew Macfadyen).
“The comedy strand, meanwhile, was dominated by FX’s knife-edge culinary comedy The Bear, with Jeremy Allen White, Ayo Edebiri and Ebon Moss-Bachrach taking home three of the four acting prizes. And in the limited series field, it was Netflix’s tit-for-tat thriller Beef that won the night, garnering five wins.”
Find The Independent’s full wrap story from this year’s Emmys here:
Tuesday 16 January 2024 04:19 , Tom Murray
The Succession star, who won the award for Best Actor in a Drama Series for his performance as the mischievous, foul-mouthed Roman Roy, used his speech to tell his wife Jazz Charton: “Thank you for sharing your life with me and giving me two amazing kids... I want more. You said ‘maybe’, if I win! I love you so much.”
In response, Charton could be seen covering her face with her hands in a mixture of joy and shock.
Culkin, 41, and Charton, 35, share two children together: Kinsey Sioux and Wilder Wolf.
Read more:
Kieran Culkin asks wife for more kids as he accepts Best Actor prize at 2024 Emmys
Tuesday 16 January 2024 04:17 , Tom Murray
The Late Show with Stephen Colbert host, 59, opened up about the ordeal, which happened in November, while speaking to ET’s Nischelle Turner on the red carpet.
Colbert, who cancelled multiple shows in November after the health scare, credited Evelyn McGee-Colbert, his wife of more than 30 years, while telling Turner: “Where’s my wife? She’s somewhere around here. She saved my life.”
The late-night host then elaborated on his ruptured appendix, and how McGee-Colbert stepped in to help. “First, appendix. And I was in a lot of pain. It was the last show before we took a break. And I went: ‘I’ll just go do the show anyway. I’m sure we’ll be fine.’ By the time the show’s over I had a 102.5 fever. I was in shock. I had blood poisoning,” he recalled.
Colbert then joked about the situation, offering a warning to viewers: “Don’t do it, kids. Don’t broadcast with blood poisoning!”
Read more:
Stephen Colbert credits his wife with saving his life
Tuesday 16 January 2024 04:14 , Tom Murray
That brings an end to the 2024 Emmy Awards (which were actually the 2023 Emmy Awards). I think it’s safe to say that Golden Globes host Jo Koy will be looking enviously at how smoothly that ceremony went. It was classy and ended with a clip of Martin Luther King Jr on his day of celebration, bravo.
Thanks for joining us here at The Independent where we’ll continue to bring you reactions from the show as my poor colleagues in the UK get some sleep.
You can find a full list of tonight’s winners below:
2024 Emmy Awards: Winners list in full
Tuesday 16 January 2024 04:10 , Tom Murray
While accepting the award for Outstanding Comedy Series, TV chef-turned-actor Matty Matheson was gripped by his co-star Ebon Moss-Bachrach who planted a huge snog on his lips.
The pair held in embrace for a good few seconds as the crowd cheered before finally parting. “I love you Ebon,” a dazed Matheson said after. He continued to thank restaurants in general and the hospitality industry.
Tuesday 16 January 2024 04:05 , Tom Murray
In an unsurprising finish, Succession wins Best Drama Series.
In his speech, showrunner Jesse Armstrong thanks Brian Cox “whom this show has revolved around since day one”.
The last win of the night takes the HBO show’s total to six wins.
Tuesday 16 January 2024 03:52 , Tom Murray
Kieran Culkin and Sarah Snook rounded out a trio of acting wins for Succession following Matthew Macfadyen’s earlier in the night.
Beating out his cast mates Brian Cox and Jeremy Strong, Culkin gave the former a kiss on the mouth before making his way on stage. The funnyman was emotional and serious right until the end of his speech where he begged his wife for more children – “You said you’d think about it if I won!”
Tuesday 16 January 2024 03:42 , Tom Murray
Daniel Radcliffe has sparked rumours that he and his longtime girlfriend Erin Darke have gotten married.
The 34-year-old actor spoke candidly about his family during an interview with Laverne Cox for E! News, while walking the red carpet. Radcliffe was nominated for his first-ever Emmy award for his role in Weird: The Al Yankovic Story.
Speaking to Cox, Radcliffe seemingly hinted that he and Darke – who he shares his nearly one-year-old son with – had tied the knot when he described his partner’s parents.
“Honestly, the people whose opinions I cared most about the movie were my in-laws,” he said, when discussing some of the feedback he received about Weird: The Al Yankovic Story. “They are huge Weird Al fans and they kind of got me into it. But they were very happy, thank God.”
Read more:
Daniel Radcliffe sparks rumours he married longtime partner Erin Darke
Tuesday 16 January 2024 03:40 , Tom Murray
Sir Elton John has become the 19th person in history to achieve an “EGOT”.
The honour, an acronym which stands for “Emmy, Grammy, Oscar, [and] Tony”, is unofficially bestowed upon entertainers who have managed to win the biggest awards in the four fields.
John earned the title with a win at the 2024 Emmys in the early hours of Tuesday (16 January), for his Disney+ concert programme Elton John Live: Farewell From Dodger Stadium.
Read more:
Elton John completes EGOT with Emmys 2024 win
Tuesday 16 January 2024 03:34 , Tom Murray
Charlie Puth has appeared on stage for the In Memoriam segment of the show.
The singer begins by playing “See You Again” as stars lost in the last year including Angus Cloud, Leslie Jordan, Len Goodman and more appear on screen. The music then transitions into the Friends theme tune – “I'll Be There for You” by The Rembrandts – in a nod to Matthew Perry, who died on 28 October. The late Friends star is the last figure to appear on-screen.
Tuesday 16 January 2024 03:18 , Tom Murray
Beef continues its Emmy dominance as it wins Outstanding Limited or Anthology Series.
The Netflix series creator Lee Sung Jin starts on a serious note, talking about those who’ve struggled with suicidal ideation and ends somewhat more lightly saying he does everything for his three dogs. The man has range.
By the way, if you haven’t seen Beef yet, this is your formal notice to do so immediately.
Tuesday 16 January 2024 02:59 , Tom Murray
Bella Ramsey and Ariana DeBose were pictured hugging it out at the Emmy Awards.
DeBose was not happy about a joke made about her by Ramsey and Anthony Ramos at the Critics Choice Awards on Sunday.
The 20-year-old star of The Last of Us was presenting the award for Best Song, for which DeBose was nominated, when she joked that the tracks nominated in the category were performed “by some of the most famous voices in the music industry”.
Following this, Ramos namechecked Billie Eilish, Lenny Kravitz and Dua Lipa – but Ramsey then referred to the remaining nominees, including DeBose, Jack Black and Ryan Gosling, as “actors who also think that they are singers”.
DeBose, who has starred in several Broadway musicals and has previously been nominated for a Tony Award, appeared to react to the quip on Instagram, with a post that simply said: “No I didn’t find it funny. Lol.”
Tuesday 16 January 2024 02:54 , Tom Murray
Beef creator wins his second award of the night as he picks up Outstanding Writing for a Limited or Anthology Series or Movie.
Meanwhile, Mark Mylod wins Outstanding Directing for a Drama Series for Succession – the wins are starting to come thick and fast after a shaky start.
Tuesday 16 January 2024 02:40 , Tom Murray
Jesse Armstrong wins Outstanding Writing for a Drama Series for Succession.
Armstrong won the Emmy for writing the episode “Connor’s Wedding” – and we all know what happens in that episode, right?
While thanking people in his acceptance speech, Armstrong says: “And for some reason, the name of a certain Australia-born media mogul, Rupert Murdoch springs to mind.”
Tuesday 16 January 2024 02:33 , Tom Murray
Paul Walter Hauser arrives on stage chewing *something*. Tobacco? He then tells the cast of Grey’s Anatomy: “My wife loves your show.”
If that wasn’t good enough, he then raps his acceptance speech after winning in the Supporting Actor in a Limited Series or TV Movie category for his role in Black Bird.
Watch it for yourself:
Tuesday 16 January 2024 02:17 , Tom Murray
The 52-year-old Dead to Me actor surprised audiences when she took the stage to present the award for Best Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series to The Bear’s Ayo Edebiri.
She was met with a massive standing ovation from the crowd, which left Applegate overwhelmed and teary-eyed.
After Applegate announced in August 2021 that she was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis (MS), she stayed away from the spotlight, solely making public appearances to support the final season of the popular Netflix comedy series Dead to Me, for which she has been nominated for an Emmy this year for Outstanding Actress in a Comedy Series.
“Thank you so much,” Applegate told the audience, roaring with applause. “Oh my god, you’re totally shaming me with disability by standing up. It’s fine…Body not by Ozempic. Okay, let’s go.” Ozempic is a prescription medication prescribed for the treatment of diabetes, however, it has increased in popularity as a weight-loss method.
Read more:
Christina Applegate jokes her body is ‘not by Ozempic’ at 2024 Emmys
Tuesday 16 January 2024 02:13 , Tom Murray
Tuesday 16 January 2024 02:05 , Tom Murray
Succession star Culkin had previously told The Last of Us actor to “suck it” while accepting the Golden Globe for Best Actor in a Drama earlier this month.
On Monday, Pascal issued a sweary retort to the jibe. The actor was seen wearing a sling around his arm, having sustained an injury to his shoulder.
He told the crowd: “A lot of people have been asking about my arm, it’s actually my shoulder... Kieran Culkin beat the s*** out of me.”
Read more:
Pedro Pascal hits back at Kieran Culkin in censored onstage Emmys joke
Tuesday 16 January 2024 02:02 , Tom Murray
In an emotional speech, Monster: The Jeffrey Dahmer Story star Niecy Nash-Betts dedicated her win to Breonna Taylor and Sandra Bland.
“I wanna thank me for believing in me and doing what I was told I could not do,” Nash said through tears.
She went on to say she accepts the award “on behalf of every Black and brown woman who has gone unheard yet overpoliced – like Glenda Cleveland, like Sandra Bland, like Breonna Taylor. As an artist, my job is to speak truth to power and baby, I’m gonna do it ‘til the day I die.”
Tuesday 16 January 2024 01:57 , Tom Murray
Wrexham AFC owner Rob McElhenney was a football fan before he was a *football* fan. He shared a photo on X of himself watching the Philadelphia Eagles’ NFL game on his phone while attending the ceremony.
“Who schedules the Emmys the same night as the @eagles #gobirds #FlyEaglesFly,” he wrote.
Tuesday 16 January 2024 01:50 , Tom Murray
It’s looking like The Bear is *mauling* the competition again tonight. Lead star Allen White accepts the award for Best Actor in a Comedy Series.
Yes, chef!
Tuesday 16 January 2024 01:44 , Tom Murray
The 28-year-old Bottoms star was spotted by eagle-eyed viewers helping her Emmys fellow nominee with her lashes and touched up her smokey eye look. Seehorn, 51, can be seen telling Edebiri in the video, “Thank you so much,” before the actor gave her a nod of approval that signaled that her work was done.
Both of them have been nominated at the Emmys for the same category, Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series. Edebiri was nominated for her role as Sidney in The Bear, and Seehorn for her performance in the sixth and final season of Better Call Saul.
Read more:
Ayo Edebiri helps Rhea Seehorn fix her makeup in sweet Emmys 2024 red carpet moment
Tuesday 16 January 2024 01:42 , Tom Murray
Tuesday 16 January 2024 01:36 , Tom Murray
Social media users have leapt to Hannah Waddingham’s defence after Laverne Cox repeatedly mispronounced the Ted Lasso star’s name on the Emmys red carpet.
Cox was in the midst of hosting a string of red carpet interviews at the television awards show when she introduced her next guest as “Hannah Waddington”.
Waddingham, 49, smoothly corrected her, clapping her hands together and adding with a smile: “Let’s get that right.”
Cox asked her to repeat her name, but then managed to mispronounce the name again in a new way: “Hannah Wattingham.”
Fans on social media were quick to react to the awkward interaction, with one X/Twitter user writing: “Very uncomfortable watching Laverne Cox butcher Hannah Waddingham’s name. First it was ‘Waddington’ and then it was ‘Wattingham’”.
Read more:
Tuesday 16 January 2024 01:32 , Tom Murray
In her acceptance speech, Coolidge said: “I want to thank all the evil gays,” alluding to her viral line from the show: “These gays, they’re trying to kill me.”
She eventually becomes the first winner to get hurried by Anderson’s mother, who stands up with a big cutout of a clock and shouts: “Baby! Baby! Baby!”
Tuesday 16 January 2024 01:27 , Tom Murray
To celebrate 25 years since the debut of The Sopranos, Anderson brought out cast members Michael Imperioli and Lorraine Bracco.
They present the award for Best Supporting Actress in a Drama Series, which goes to Jennifer Coolidge for her role in The White Lotus.
Tuesday 16 January 2024 01:22 , Tom Murray
Tuesday 16 January 2024 01:17 , Tom Murray
Abbott Elementary star Brunson is the second winner to take to the stage.
Brunson burst into tears, being overwhelmed by “the Carol Burnett of it all” (who had just handed her the award).
Tuesday 16 January 2024 01:13 , Tom Murray
The Bear star wins Best Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series, straight off the back of her Golden Globe victory last weekend.
“It’s probably not a dream to come to this country and have your child say ‘I want to do improv,’” she quipped.
Tuesday 16 January 2024 01:08 , Tom Murray
Tonight’s show will have a bit of a twist: Anyone taking too long with their speeches will have host Anthony Anderson’s mum to deal with. “And she’s from the west side of Chicago,” Anderson warns the room.
Tuesday 16 January 2024 01:00 , Tom Murray
A green goblin-like attendee has stolen the show on the red carpet.
While the majority of the celebrity attendees arrived in gowns and jewels, one individual stood out due to her goblin-inspired look of green skin and matching green gown.
The person beneath the make-up has been revealed to be RuPaul’s Drag Race star Princess Poppy.
Read more:
RuPaul’s Drag Race star Princess Poppy walks Emmys red carpet dressed as goblin
Tuesday 16 January 2024 00:57 , Chelsea Ritschel
Red is the go-to colour on the Emmys red carpet
Suki Waterhouse showed off her take on the awards season trend of red gowns on the 2024 Emmys red carpet.
For the occasion, the actress chose a floor-length gown with a bow and cut-outs, which she paired with a subtle red lip.
You can find all of our live coverage from this year’s Emmys red carpet below.
Emmy Awards 2024: The best-dressed celebrities on this year’s red carpet
Tuesday 16 January 2024 00:43 , Tom Murray
Many fans of The Morning Show may be wondering why the Reese Witherspoon and Jennifer Aniston-fronted series received a grand total of zero nominations at the 75th Primetime Emmy Awards.
Fear not, Apple TV’s duo have not been snubbed by voters – the show is simply ineligible this time around.
As you may know, this evening’s Emmys are a postponed version of the 2023 ceremony, which was delayed due to the Hollywood strikes. As such, tonight’s awards honour shows that aired between 1 June 2022 and 31 May 2023. The Morning Show’s recent third season, which aired from 13 September to 8 November 2023, won't be eligible until next time around.
Tuesday 16 January 2024 00:28 , Tom Murray
Sam Claflin tells Variety at the Emmys that he loved The Hunger Games: The Ballad of Songbirds & Snakes and is open to returning to the franchise in an older role: “I would be all in for Finnick’s dad.”
Tuesday 16 January 2024 00:02 , Tom Murray
Succession’s Kieran Culkin reveals he STILL hasn’t watched the show’s earth-shattering finale.
He explains to Variety’s Marc Mulkin that he was shooting in Poland when it was released and couldn’t get into his HBO Max account. Since then, time has just gotten away from him.
“I was there. I shot it, so I vaguely recall – although I saw a clip of a scene yesterday and I was laughing and I was like, ‘That’s funny. I forgot about that scene’ and it’s a huge scene,” he said on the Emmys red carpet.
Monday 15 January 2024 23:48 , Tom Murray
In recent months, Edibiri has been adopted by the people of Ireland... despite having no connection to the country.
It all started last year when the actor joked that she played Jenny the Donkey in the 2023 awards show darling, The Banshees of Inisherin.
“Preparing for that? I lived in Ireland – ‘Ireland’ – for about four months,” she told an interviewer on the red carpet last year, imitating an Irish accent.
“And I got really into character and I was on all fours for four months and it was really painful but beautiful as well and it was probably the most fulfilling part of my career.”
The joke has gone so far that Irish fans have even renamed the actor, “Ay O’Edibiri”.
Addressing the long-running joke on the Emmys red carpet, Edibiri told ET: “Shout out Ireland; shout out Derry; shout out Cork; shout out to Killarney; shout out to Dublin.”
Despite not having Twitter/X, Edibiri said she is “aware of my connection to Ireland”.
Monday 15 January 2024 23:26 , Tom Murray
The Bear breakout Ayo Edibiri is on “cloud 8.5” after winning her Golden Globe Award last week, she tells Laverne Cox, having come down a little.
“She didn’t dream of nights like this,” Edebiri said of her younger self. “She dreamed of dental insurance.”
Monday 15 January 2024 23:20 , Inga Parkel
We’re only a couple of hours away from the start of the ceremony – here is the full list of nominees:
HBO’s ‘Succession’ and ‘White Lotus’ lead the way
Monday 15 January 2024 23:18 , Tom Murray
Thanks for joining us as we tune into E! News’ coverage from the Emmys red carpet.
Early arrivals include Jesse Eisenberg, The White Lotus star Adam DiMarco and The Bear’s Ayo Edibiri.
Stay tuned!
Monday 15 January 2024 23:00 , Inga Parkel
The Independent’s Louis Chilton looks at the runners and riders for this year’s long-delayed ceremony.
Full story here:
Louis Chilton looks at the runners and riders for this year’s long-delayed ceremony
Monday 15 January 2024 22:52 , Tom Murray
Hello everyone! We’re just a few minutes away from the red carpet opening with coverage from Laverne Cox on Live From E! Countdown to the Emmys.
Now seems as good a time as any to remind everyone who the nominees are for this year’s ceremony; so, here we are!
2024 Emmy Awards: Nominations list in full
Monday 15 January 2024 22:30 , Inga Parkel
The Independent’s lifestyle reporter Amber Raiken identifies the best-dressed celebrities at this year’s ceremony.
Read more:
The star-studded event is taking place at the Peacock Theater in Los Angeles
Monday 15 January 2024 22:25 , Inga Parkel
Grey’s Anatomy star Ellen Pompeo posted a photo of her getting glammed up for the Emmys. The actor is one of the many celebrities presenting one of tonight’s awards.
Monday 15 January 2024 22:20 , Inga Parkel
The nominations for the annual television awards ceremony were announced on 12 July last year; however, due to the Hollywood writers and actors strikes, the Emmys were pushed back from their original 18 September slot.
Read more about how to watch, below:
75th Primetime Emmy Awards were delayed by six months due to the Hollywood writers’ and actors’ strikes
Monday 15 January 2024 22:12 , Inga Parkel
Here’s a speedy behind-the-scenes shot from the Emmys, courtesy of Variety’s Marc Malkin.
Monday 15 January 2024 22:00 , Inga Parkel
The five core Friends cast members are reportedly in talks to reunite at the 75th Primetime Emmy Awards to honour their late co-star Matthew Perry.
Read more:
Jennifer Aniston, Courteney Cox, Matt LeBlanc, David Schwimmer and Lisa Kudrow remembered their late co-star on social media this week
Monday 15 January 2024 21:30 , Inga Parkel
Anthony Anderson, who is set to host tonight’s Emmy Awards, has weighed in on Jo Koy’s performance at last week’s Golden Globes.
In the days since Koy’s widely-panned hosting job, the 52-year-old stand-up comedian has apologised for throwing his writers under the bus during his monologue.
Reacting to the outcry, Anderson told Fox News: “Everyone’s entitled to their opinion. There’s going to be criticism.”
Read more:
‘Black-ish’ star commented: ‘Everyone’s entitled to their opinion’
Tuesday 16 January 2024 04:30 , Tom Murray
Ariana DeBose and Bella Ramsey were pictured embracing each other warmly at the Emmys.
Just one day previously, Ramsey had delivered a joke at DeBose’s expense while presenting the trophy for Best Song at the Critics Choice Awards.
Announcing the award next to In the Heights star Anthony Ramos, Ramsey, 20, namechecked DeBose, 32, alongside Jack Black and Ryan Gosling as “actors who also think that they are singers”.
The quip drew the ire of DeBose herself, who was in attendance and could be seen scowling. She subsequently wrote on Instagram that she “didn’t find it funny”.
Read more:
Ariana DeBose and Bella Ramsey embrace at Emmys after savage awards show joke
Monday 15 January 2024 21:00 , Inga Parkel
Fun little tidbits about the nominees, courtesy of Parade Magazine
Monday 15 January 2024 20:20 , Inga Parkel
Ahead of the ceremony, which begins at 5pm PT/8pm ET, all the stars will walk the red carpet to mingle with interviewers and pose for photos. In a way, I like to equate the red carpet with the NFL halftime show.
Tonight’s official red carpet will begin on Fox two hours before the ceremony at 3pm PT/6pm ET, and will be hosted by Laverne Cox for E!. Entertainment Weekly and People will also be holding their own red carpet show hosted by Jeremy Parsons and Janine Rubenstein. You can tune in to the latter via their YouTube channels, social media accounts or websites.
Monday 15 January 2024 20:00 , Inga Parkel
While those in front of the camera typically take precedence over those behind the scenes, the latter are no less important. In the lead-up to the Emmys ceremony tonight, the Creative Arts Emmys were awarded at the weekend, and comedian Trevor Noah made sure to give a shoutout to the winners. Those honoured at the Creative Arts Emmys include video editors, set decorators, production designers, costume designers, casting directors, cinematographers and sound editors.
Monday 15 January 2024 19:20 , Inga Parkel
The 21-year-old Wednesday star already made history as the youngest Latina to earn an acting Emmy nomination. So should she go on to win Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series, Ortega will become the youngest Latina acting Emmy winner ever.
She’s up against Rachel Brosnahan (The Marvelous Mrs Maisel), Quinta Brunson (Abbott Elementary), Natasha Lyonne (Poker Face) and Christina Applegate (Dead to Me).
Read more:
Former child star is the youngest Latina actor to be nominated for an acting Emmy
Monday 15 January 2024 18:20 , Inga Parkel
This year, there will technically be two 2024 Emmy Awards shows, the postponed 75th Emmys happening on Monday (15 January) and the 76th Emmy Awards in September. The former will be awarding shows that were released between 1 June 2022 and 31 May 2023, while the latter will recognise series and shows released between 1 May 2023 and 31 May 2024.
Monday 15 January 2024 17:20 , Inga Parkel
Joining host Anthony Anderson on stage to present the awards, is a long list of stars, which include: Jason Bateman, Quinta Brunson, Stephen Colbert, Dame Joan Collins, Jon Cryer, Charlie Day, Jodie Foster, Marla Gibbs, Brett Goldstein, Jon Hamm, Taraji P Henson, Glenn Howerton and Ken Jeong.
Rob McElhenney, Joel McHale, Jenna Ortega, Pedro Pascal, Sheryl Lee Ralph, Holland Taylor, Juno Temple, Taylor Tomlinson and Hannah Waddingham will also present.
Monday 15 January 2024 17:00 , Inga Parkel
So far, Succession and The Bear have completely dominated the TV competition at the Golden Globes and Critics Choice Awards. Beef also led several of the categories for limited series.
Oftentimes, the Emmys arrive ahead of the Golden Globes, however, this year, with the delayed Emmy Awards, the order has flipped. Similarly to how the Golden Globes act as a predictor for the Oscars, I think it’ll do the same for the Emmys.
Monday 15 January 2024 16:20 , Inga Parkel
Here’s a peak at the seating arrangement for Monday night’s ceremony, courtesy of The Hollywood Reporter.
I spy previously announced presenters – Ke Huy Quan, Carol Burnett, Tina Fey, Amy Poehler and several Grey’s Anatomy stars – along with nominees: Wednesday’s Jenna Ortega, the cast of Abbott Elementary, Only Murders in the Building leads Selena Gomez, Steve Martin and Martin Short, and Ted Lasso stars Jason Sudeikis and Hannah Waddingham.
Monday 15 January 2024 15:20 , Nicole Vassell
Whether you’re a paid-up member of the Waystar Royco fan club or you’ve never seen an episode of Succession in your life, you’ll surely be aware that it’s the show to beat at this year’s Emmys.
With its fourth and final season coming to a suitably dramatic finish last summer, the Jesse Armstrong-created drama is nominated for 27 Emmy awards, with some actors going head-to-head for the same award.
Here’s Louis Chilton’s take on Succession’s stunning conclusion, and why all the high praise is warranted:
Succession’s finale cemented Shakespearean tragedy as one of greatest works of art
Monday 15 January 2024 14:20 , Nicole Vassell
The last Emmy Awards were held in September 2022, honouring the best of primetime TV released between 1 June 2021 and 31 May 2022.
Here’s a reminder of the winners from the 74th Emmys, from Succession to Ted Lasso.
Emmys 2022: Full list of winners 
Monday 15 January 2024 13:20 , Nicole Vassell
If you’ve yet to make your guesses for what will score the top prizes at tonight’s Emmy Awards, have no fear – we have your guide to the runners and riders here.
Louis Chilton has made predictions across the major categories for what will, and what should emerge victorious. Spoiler alert: it looks like the people of The Bear will be very happy...
Check it out below:
Emmys 2024 predictions: Who will win and who should win
Monday 15 January 2024 12:20 , Annabel Nugent
Here are the full list of Emmy nominees up for an award tonight:
2024 Emmy Awards: Nominations list in full
Monday 15 January 2024 11:20 , Annabel Nugent
As the biggest night in television approaches, not everyone has a sunny outlook on the current landscape of TV.
The Sopranos creator David Chase had harsh words to say when it came to the so-called golden era of television, which his acclaimed HBO series ushered in – and which he believes is “dying”.
Read more about what Chase had to say on the 25th anniversary of The Sopranos here...
Sopranos creator David Chase says the golden era of TV is over: ‘Something is dying’
Monday 15 January 2024 10:20 , Kevin E G Perry
The decision to let Anderson preside over television’s biggest night is a controversial one. His chequered past, which includes multiple sexual assault allegations, has sparked a growing backlash to his casting.
Read more here...
Anthony Anderson, the controversial Emmys host whose casting has sparked a backlash
Monday 15 January 2024 09:20 , Annabel Nugent
This event’s delay is the first time the Emmys have been postponed since 2001, when the 9/11 attacks came just five days before the planned ceremony. That ceremony would end up being held in November.
Monday 15 January 2024 07:20 , Tom Murray
In another anomaly, by the time of the ceremony, all the winners will have been established, the metaphorical envelopes sitting unopened for more than four months. That’s because the Television Academy wanted at least the voting to be the same as always, so its approximately 20,000 members had to cast their ballots by 28 August.
Monday 15 January 2024 05:20 , Annabel Nugent
The 75th Primetime Emmy Awards will be held on the Martin Luther King Jr holiday, Monday night, 15 January, at the Peacock Theater in Los Angeles. It will be telecast live for US viewers on the Fox network starting at 8pm ET/5pm PT, and available to stream the following day on Hulu.
Ahead of the ceremony, E! will host Live From E! Countdown to the Emmys starting at 5pm ET/2pm PT, followed by red carpet coverage at 6pm ET/3pm PT.
In the UK, the ceremony will be broadcast the following evening (16 January) on Sky Max and Sky Showcase at 9pm GMT.
Monday 15 January 2024 03:20 , Annabel Nugent
This isn’t exactly Emmy-related but many film and TV fans will be glad to hear that another film adaptation of RL Stein’s horror book series is in the works, following on from the huge success of the Netflix trilogy in 2021.
Find out more here...
New Fear Street movie is finally in the works at Netflix, reveals author RL Stein
Monday 15 January 2024 01:20 , Annabel Nugent
“It’s something that I’ve always wanted to do…” the 53-year-old Black-ish star told Entertainment Tonight recently. “I wanted it to happen years ago, but everything happens when it’s supposed to happen.”
Sunday 14 January 2024 23:20 , Annabel Nugent
Hosted for the first time by Black-ish star Anthony Anderson, the 2024 Emmy Awards will celebrate the best television shows that aired between 1 June 2022, and 31 May 2023.
Anderson, who was nominated for lead actor in a comedy seven times for his work on ABC’s Black-ish, is a first-time Emmys host, although he’s hosted the NAACP Image Awards eight times.
He’ll also have a fresh connection to Fox by the time he takes the Emmys stage – his new show We Are Family is set to debut in early January.
However, his chequered past, which includes multiple sexual assault allegations that Anderson has vigorously denied, has sparked a growing backlash to his casting as host.
Sunday 14 January 2024 21:39 , Nicole Vassell
In many ways, no. The Television Academy, which runs the Emmys, wanted to maintain the same voting processes, even if there was no concrete idea of when the ceremony could go ahead.
As a result, the 20,000-strong membership of the Academy had to cast their ballots by 28 August as usual – meaning that the winners were decided months ago, regardless of how conversations around projects may have fluctuated.
Since the nominations were announced back in July, this also means an additional delay to what seasons and projects are in contention. The Bear, for example, which has now run for two seasons, has 13 nominations, but all for its first season, which was released on Hulu in June 2022.
By the time of the ceremony, season two of the hectic drama-comedy will have been out for nearly seven months.
Sunday 14 January 2024 20:39 , Maanya Sachdeva
Awards season is well and truly underway, with the Primetime Emmy Awards set to honour the best of TV from 2022 to 2023 just a week after Hollywood gathered for the Golden Globes.
In an unusual move, the Emmys will take place on Monday 15 January – four months later than its typical date.
Find out why here:
Why are the 2023 Emmy Awards delayed to 2024?
Sunday 14 January 2024 19:39 , Maanya Sachdeva
The White Lotus has received 24 Emmy nominations this year, including Best Drama Series as well as a slew of acting categories.
The show’s creator Mike White gave fans a taste of what to expect from the show’s highly-anticipated third season in an interview last November. 
“It’s going to be a supersized White Lotus,” White promised. “It’s going to be longer, bigger, crazier. I don’t know what people will think, but I am super excited, so at least for my own barometer, that’s a good thing ... I’m super excited about the content of the season.”
The cast for season three was announced earlier this month, with The White Lotus travelling to Thailand for its latest instalment.
Find out more here:
The White Lotus rounds out season 3 cast with five new additions
Sunday 14 January 2024 18:39 , Maanya Sachdeva
The multiple Emmy-nominated series The Last of Us, starring Pedro Pascal and Bella Ramsey, will see several new faces join the cast in season two.
The show was a smash hit for the network, garnering widespread acclaim including 24 nominations at the 75th Primetime Emmy Awards.
Find out more here:
The Last of Us: New cast for season two unveiled
Sunday 14 January 2024 17:39 , Tom Murray
Yellowstone, Prince Harry, and Helen Mirren were among the biggest snubs when the Emmy nominees were announced back in July last year.
Taylor Sheridan’s wildly popular cowboy drama Yellowstone was once again put out to pasture. He’ll be hoping that the arrival of Matthew McConaughey, who is set to take over from Kevin Costner as the series regenerates, will earn him more favour with the TV Academy.
Many expected awards show darling Helen Mirren to earn a nomination for her part in the Yellowstone sequel, 1923, in which she co-starred with Harrison Ford. Alas, no dice; though, Mirren holds four primetime Emmys already, so she’s unlikely to lose any sleep over the snub.
Netflix’s bombshell Harry & Meghan docuseries was also a notable abdication from the nominees. The Academy clearly did not agree with The Independent’s Jessie Thompson, who called the six-parter “intimate, self-aggrandising, and wildly entertaining” in her four-star review.
Sunday 14 January 2024 16:39 , Louis Chilton
Here’s a breakdown of predictions for this year’s Emmy Awards, including who is expected to win in all the major categories (and who deserves to win instead).
Outstanding Drama Series
Will win: Succession
Should win: Succession
Outstanding Comedy Series
Will win: The Bear 
Should win: Jury Duty 
Lead Actor in a Drama
Will win: Kieran Culkin (Succession)
Should win: Bob Odenkirk (Better Call Saul)
Full list here:
Emmys 2024 predictions: Who will win and who should win
Sunday 14 January 2024 15:39 , Annabel Nugent
The nominations for the annual television awards ceremony were announced on 12 July last year; however, due to the Hollywood writers and actors strikes, the Emmys were pushed back from their original 18 September slot.
2024 Emmy Awards: Nominations list in full
Sunday 14 January 2024 13:56 , Maanya Sachdeva
Emmy nominee Bill Hader in conversation with The Independent’s Patrick Smith about stage fright, Star Wars, and the roles he’d no longer play.
Read the interview here:
Bill Hader: ‘My girlfriend and I realised that I haven’t had a vacation in 10 years’
Sunday 14 January 2024 13:42 , Maanya Sachdeva
The 75th Primetime Emmy Awards will be held on the Martin Luther King Jr holiday, Monday night, 15 January, at the Peacock Theater in Los Angeles. It will be telecast live for US viewers on the Fox network starting at 8pm ET/5pm PT, and available to stream the following day on Hulu.
Ahead of the ceremony, E! will host Live From E! Countdown to the Emmys starting at 5pm ET/2pm PT, followed by red carpet coverage at 6pm ET/3pm PT.
In the UK, the ceremony will be broadcast the following evening (16 January) on Sky Max and Sky Showcase at 9pm GMT.
Sunday 14 January 2024 12:36 , Maanya Sachdeva
Hosted for the first time by Black-ish star Anthony Anderson, the 2024 Emmy Awards will celebrate the best television shows that aired between 1 June 2022, and 31 May 2023.
Anderson, who was nominated for lead actor in a comedy seven times for his work on ABC’s Black-ish, is a first-time Emmys host, although he’s hosted the NAACP Image Awards eight times.
He’ll also have a fresh connection to Fox by the time he takes the Emmys stage – his new show We Are Family is set to debut in early January.
However, his chequered past, which includes multiple sexual assault allegations that Anderson has vigorously denied, has sparked a growing backlash to his casting as host.
Read more here:
Anthony Anderson, the controversial Emmys host whose casting has sparked a backlash
Sunday 14 January 2024 11:37 , Maanya Sachdeva
This year marks the first time in more than 20 years that the Emmys haven’t aired as planned in September. In 2001, the awards were postponed due to the 9/11 attacks which occurred just five days before the planned ceremony.
The 2001 Emmys were eventually held in November.
Sunday 14 January 2024 10:20 , Maanya Sachdeva
Jeremy Allen White’s turn as chef Carmy Berzatto on The Bear has earned the 32-year-old actor a slew of nominations this award season – and he’s already off to a winning start.
White recently took home the Golden Globe award for Best Actor in a Musical or Comedy TV Series, and is looking like a strong contender for the Emmy for Lead Actor in a Comedy Series during the ceremony on Monday.
The show, which catapulted White to global stardom, has now been renewed for a third season after a nerve-wracking wait.
Read more here:
Yes chef! The Bear season 3 confirmed after nerve-racking wait for renewal
Sunday 14 January 2024 09:20 , Maanya Sachdeva
In many ways, no. The Television Academy, which runs the Emmys, wanted to maintain the same voting processes, even if there was no concrete idea of when the ceremony could go ahead.
As a result, the 20,000-strong membership of the Academy had to cast their ballots by 28 August as usual – meaning that the winners were decided months ago, regardless of how conversations around projects may have fluctuated.
Sunday 14 January 2024 08:20 , Annabel Nugent
In an unusual move, the Emmys will take place on Monday 15 January – four months later than its typical date.
Usually, the Emmys are an outlier from the rest of the awards season as the ceremony tends to be held in September. Hollywood, however, was shut down for the better part of four months last year due to strike action by writers and performers, leading the awards show to be postponed.
Read more here...
Why are the 2023 Emmy Awards delayed to 2024?
Sunday 14 January 2024 21:31 , Tom Murray
Hollywood’s historic work stoppage among writers and actors, both essential to the Emmys, meant the show had a rare delay for an unprecedented four months.
Leaders of the Television Academy were among those breathing a sigh of relief when actors voted to approve their new strike-ending contract on 5 December and put a period on the entire stoppage.
With an autumn show date based around the traditional broadcast TV season, the Emmys have for years had some quirks based on the far more scattered schedule of cable and streaming. The delay makes those oddities even odder.
To give one example, the 13 nominations for Hulu’s The Bear are for its first season, even though the awards will be handed out six months after its second season dropped.
Sunday 14 January 2024 06:20 , Annabel Nugent
The 75th Primetime Creative Arts Emmys will be held at the Peacock Theater in Downtown Los Angeles, California, and will be hosted by Anthony Anderson.
Sunday 14 January 2024 04:20 , Louis Chilton
Among the TV shows vying for awards glory on Monday evening (15 January) are media dynasty sensation Succession, post-apocalyptic drama The Last of Us and Bill Hader’s hitman dramedy Barry. Better Call Saul may have ended back in 2022, but the acclaimed Breaking Bad spin-off is also getting a final run at awards glory here.
Reality-scripted mashup Jury Duty also joins culinary hit The Bear, cloying football comedy Ted Lasso and school sitcom Abbott Elementary along the frontrunners. You can see the full nominations list here.
Sunday 14 January 2024 02:20 , Annabel Nugent
Who will win and who should win are two very different things...
Check out Louis Chilton’s predictions for who will take home the golden statuette comm Monday:
Emmys 2024 predictions: Who will win and who should win
Sunday 14 January 2024 00:20 , Annabel Nugent
With Succession racking up several nominations, let’s take a look back season four – the perfect end to the perfect show, or so says TV critic Nick Hilton.
Succession season 4 guarantees the show’s place in TV history - review
Saturday 13 January 2024 22:20 , Annabel Nugent
Bella Ramsey is among the stars up for an acting nominee on Monday (15 January).
Read The Independent’s interview with the 20-year-old...
Chicken Run 2’s Bella Ramsey: ‘The thing I hated most was being patronised’
Saturday 13 January 2024 21:20 , Maanya Sachdeva
The 75th Primetime Emmy Awards will finally take place on 15 January following a six-month delay due to the Hollywood strikes that crippled the entertainment industry last summer.
Here’s our guide to watching the ceremony, no matter where you’re tuning in from:
How to watch the 2024 Emmy Awards
Saturday 13 January 2024 20:20 , Maanya Sachdeva
For comedian and actor Anthony Anderson, stepping on stage to host the postponed Emmys on Monday night will represent the fulfilment of a lifelong dream.
“It’s something that I’ve always wanted to do…” the 53-year-old Black-ish star told Entertainment Tonight recently. “I wanted it to happen years ago, but everything happens when it’s supposed to happen.”
For many, however, the decision to let Anderson preside over television’s biggest night is a controversial one. His chequered past, which includes multiple sexual assault allegations that he has vigorously denied, has sparked a growing backlash to his casting.
Read more here:
Anthony Anderson, the controversial Emmys host whose casting has sparked a backlash
Saturday 13 January 2024 19:20 , Maanya Sachdeva
Wednesday fans celebrated as Jenna Ortega received her record-breaking first Emmy nomination last year, in the run-up to the live show.
The Scream star, 20, starred as Wednesday Addams in Netflix’s hit series, which became one of the streamer’s most-watched shows of all time.
Ortega’s record-breaking nomination means she is now the youngest Latina actor to be recognised in an acting category.
Isobel Lewis has the full story:
Jenna Ortega fans celebrate Wednesday star’s record-breaking first Emmy nomination
Saturday 13 January 2024 18:20 , Maanya Sachdeva
Barack Obama won his second Emmy, and John Mulaney won his third Sunday on night two of the Creative Arts Emmy Awards.
The Creative Arts Emmys are a precursor to the main ceremony, which will take place at the Peacock Theatre in Los Angeles on Monday 15 January.
The former president, who was not at the ceremony at the Peacock Theater in Los Angeles, beat fellow nominees Morgan Freeman, Angela Bassett, Mahershala Ali and Pedro Pascal in what was by far the most star-studded category at the Creative Arts Emmys.
Find out more here:
Barack Obama and John Mulaney are among the winners at the Creative Arts Emmy Awards
Click here to read the full blog on The Independent's website