By AMY LAMARE FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  00:45, 9 March 2024   |  Updated:  01:37, 9 March 2024   
 53
View  comments
Hailey Bieber was spotted out in Los Angeles on her way to a meeting without her husband Justin Bieber, 30.
The Rhode beauty founder, 27, had a glum expression on her face and her clothes were more drab and casual than she usually dresses.
The influencer and model wore long, baggy faded black shorts with a black crop top, black bomber jacket and white socks with Mary Jane-style shoes.
She carried a large black handbag and wore sunglasses as she refused to make eye contact with the photographers.
The daughter of actor Stephen Baldwin is rumored to be going through marriage issues with the Peaches singer.  
Hailey Bieber was spotted out in Los Angeles on her way to a meeting without her husband Justin Bieber, 30
The Rhode beauty founder, 27, had a glum expression on her face and her clothes were more drab and casual than she usually dresses
Hailey and Justin have been married for five years and she has not just denied but slammed the wild rumors that she is cheating on Justin with a billionaire and that the couple are heading for a divorce.
'Just FYI the stories and constant "blind items" I see on TikTok are 100% of the time wrong. Made out of thin air... come from the land of delusion,' she said. 
The two-time Grammy winner and Hailey eventually began dating in 2015, and they rekindled their on/off romance in 2018 – three months after his split with Selena Gomez.
Justin and Hailey appeared to go out of their way to not post about each other on Valentine's Day last month.
And Hailey's dad Stephen, 57, asked fans to pray for his daughter and son-in-law.
Hailey and Justin have not addressed Stephen's post, and the influencer remained silent over the matter as she posted snaps promoting her Rhode Skin range last week.
The couple also appeared somber as they arrived to church together.
However, Hailey did share a gushing tribute to Justin on his 30th birthday on March 1.  
Hailey did share a gushing tribute to Justin on his 30th birthday on March 1. '30!!!!!!????!!?? that was fast. words could never truly describe the beauty of who you are. Happy Birthday to you… love of my life, for life,' she wrote
Hailey and Justin have been married for five years and she has not just denied but slammed the rumors that she is cheating on Justin with a billionaire and that the couple are heading for a divorce
'Just FYI the stories and constant "blind items" I see on TikTok are 100% of the time wrong. Made out of thin air... come from the land of delusion,' she said
Hailey has a $17 smoothie available at Erewhon this month
'30!!!!!!!????!!????!!!! that was fast. words could never truly describe the beauty of who you are,' she began.
Happy Birthday to you… love of my life, for life,' she gushed in the caption of the post, which featured images from their 2018 wedding and other sweet shots of the couple. 
Both Hailey and Justin are devout Christians.
In fact, the credited their faith with getting them through their first year of marriage.  

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group