Kendall Jenner’s latest beach look is downright bedazzling.
In a new campaign for Calzedonia’s swimwear collection, the 28-year-old model poses in a rhinestone-embellished burgundy bikini top ($89) and bottom ($60) by the Italian brand.
“Hot girl,” one Jenner fan account commented on Calzedonia’s Instagram post spotlighting the shimmering suit, which is also available in a nude hue; “Damnnn that bodyyy,” another gushed.
For those seeking something less skimpy but equally sparkly, the label also offers a tank-style top ($89), briefs ($60) and a one-piece ($129) covered with the same square-shaped stones.
This marks the second Calzedonia bikini Jenner’s modeled so far this summer; last month, she showed off a lime satin triangle top ($50) and string bottom ($35) in a series of skin-baring Instagram snaps.
“I mean….. I sort of hate you but how can anyone hate this annoyingly perfect incredible human being,” sister Khloé Kardashian joked in the comments section.
Calzedonia’s perhaps best known for its affordable hosiery, which also happens to be a favorite of celebrities (and their stylists).
Stars like Jenner, Hailey Bieber, Selena Gomez and Taylor Swift are partial to the brand’s sheers, which range from the barely-there 8 Denier Ultra Sheer Tights ($10) to the slightly more substantial Sheer 40 Denier Tights ($10).
This article was written by Elana Fishman, founding editor of Page Six Style. Elana applies her celebrity fashion and beauty expertise to shoppable content for fellow fans as the host of video series including Style Trial, Heart to Cart and Beauty Scoop — and by tracking down every Taylor Swift-worn style so you can shop it, too. Elana consults celebrity stylists on the latest street style and red carpet trends, researches which celebrity-backed brands and products are worth it, and chats with the stars themselves for beauty and fashion recommendations. Prior to Page Six Style’s inception in 2018, Elana covered celebrity fashion at Vox Media, Lucky, Marie Claire and Teen Vogue.