Martin Short’s latest interview only fanned the flames of Meryl Streep dating rumors.
The actor gushed about his “love” for his “Only Murders in the Building” co-star while speaking to Extra Monday about his and Streep’s respective characters’ romance.
“I think a friendship always grows if you work with someone and love that person,” the Tony winner, 74, said during a sitdown with Selena Gomez and Steve Martin.
While Short didn’t “want to reveal too much of what happens” between their characters, Oliver Putnam and Loretta Durkin, Gomez chimed in to call their bond “so sweet.”
Martin, for his part, clarified that Streep, 75, “is friends with all of” them.
“I’ve worked with her,” the comedian, 79, said as Short nodded. “I did a movie with her very fortunately … and if I don’t see her for two years [and] get back together, you’re already laughing and talking. It’s friendly.”
Martin’s subtle clapback comes amid speculation about the nature of Short and Streep’s relationship in real life.
After the duo sparked dating rumors in January 2024, the Emmy winner’s rep claimed to People that they are “very good friends, nothing more.”
However, the pair were photographed holding hands at the Hulu show’s Season 4 premiere on Thursday.
“i simply love living in a world where 75 year old Meryl Streep is having a soft relationship launch with her 74-year-old boyfriend, Martin Short,” one fan tweeted at the time, while another called the PDA “so cute.”
The cast members have both previously been married and have children.
Short wed Nancy Dolman in 1972, with the former couple adopting Katherine, 40, Oliver, 38, and Henry, 35, before the actress’ death in 2010.
As for Streep, her rep revealed in October 2023 that she and Don Gummer, who share Henry, 44, Mamie, 41, Grace, 38, and Louisa, 33, had been separated for “more than six years.”
The exes, who “will always care for each other” but have “chosen lives apart,” tied the knot in September 1978.
Although Streep has yet to confirm nor deny moving on with Short, he previously told Bill Maher that they “are not a couple” — only to make headlines for a February dinner date.
Advertisement