She showed up to the game while in town for Emilia Pérez at the Telluride Film Festival.

													By
												

	Ashley Iasimone


	A high school girls’ volleyball team invited Selena Gomez to one of their games over the weekend, and the “Love On” singer accepted the invite. She stopped by Telluride High School in Telluride, Colorado, on Saturday (Aug. 31) to shine a little light on the young athletes’ day.

	Gomez was in town, promoting her film Emilia Pérez at the Telluride Film Festival. A handwritten sign on bright orange poster board, which was posted to a pole on Main Street, apparently caught her eye.

	The sign was addressed to her: “Selena Gomez,” it said, “Please sing the National Anthem at one of [our] home games: Fri 6:00pm, Sat 1:00 ~ THS Volleyball Team.” 

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	It’s unclear whether or not Gomez actually performed the national anthem, but she did show up to the high school gymnasium to mingle with students. Video clips of her surprise appearance made it online — Gomez even shared a look at her visit via her own Instagram account — but no clips of the pop star/actress singing at Telluride could be found at press time.

	“They asked!!” Gomez captioned her weekend Instagram post about attending the volleyball game. “Couldn’t help it, it’s my first time in Telluride!”

	The post shows her smiling wide and, in a video filmed at the school, explaining what got her to show up: “I saw the sign!”

	Gomez’s recap of the sports event shows her meeting students, signing autographs and posing for a group photo with the team.

Emilia Pérez, the Jacques Audiard-directed, Spanish-language musical crime film with a cast including Zoe Saldaña, Karla Sofía Gascón, Adriana Paz and Gomez (an ensemble that shared the best actress prize at Cannes, where it had its world premiere), saw its U.S. debut at the Telluride Film Festival. It was acquired by Netflix and will be available on the streaming service on Nov. 13.

	See Gomez’s Instagram post from Telluride below.
A post shared by Selena Gomez (@selenagomez)
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.