Colin Bridgerton and Penelope Featherington's romance is blooming this season.
After all, Bridgerton's season three official trailer will surely leave the Ton begging for more steamy romance, jaw-dropping drama and dazzling soirees.
Picking up months after season two, Penelope (Nicola Coughlan) is ready to find a suitor. The youngest Featherington daughter, who entered society in season one and can't handle living with her family, announces, "I must take a husband."
After Colin (Luke Newton) returns from his worldly travels as this season's most eligible bachelor, he's ready to assist his dear friend in finding what she's looking for. "Let me help you," he tells her. "Are we not friends?"
While the third eldest Bridgerton son teaches the self-proclaimed wallflower some tips for eligible suitors, she catches the eye of Lord Debling (Sam Phillips), but it seems she's also become the object of Colin's desires.
"Mother," Colin asks Violet Bridgerton (Ruth Gemmell), "do you believe the best foundation for love is friendship?" She replies, "It is rare, but you must follow your heart."
Alongside Colin and Penelope's romance, Violet and Francesca Bridgerton (Hannah Dodd) may have also found love. Fan favorites, including Anthony Bridgerton (Johnathan Bailey) and Kate Bridgerton (Simone Ashley), as well as Will Mondrich (Martins Imhangbe) and Alice Mondirch (Emma Naomi), will also grace the screen.
While love is in the air, so is the latest issue of Lady Whistledown. Penelope has continued penning the gossip pamphlet, even after her blowout fight with Eloise (Claudia Jessie), which seemingly leads Eloise into the arms of Penelope's bully, Cressida Cowper (Jessica Masden).
As the courting season is in full swing in Mayfair, Lady Whistledown (voiced by Julie Andrews) can't help but ask, "What is the primary force that guides us along our paths? Is it our minds or our hearts?"
Part one of Bridgerton's third installment premieres May 16, with part two following on June 13.
While you wait to see the romance unfold, keep reading to see what TV shows are set to premiere in 2024.
Virgin River (Netflix) - Dec. 19
This sixth season promises fresh twists and turns, escalating love triangles, delightful wedding drama, as well as uncovered secrets from Mel’s father’s past which will transport us to the magic and mystique of Virgin River in the 1970s.
Laid (Peacock) - Dec. 19
In the new series, a woman finds out her former lovers are dying in unusual ways and must go back through her sex timeline to confront her past in order to move forward. Laid is a f--ked up rom-com where the answer to “why can’t I find love, is there something wrong with me?” is a resounding “Yes. There is. The problem is definitely you.”
Ilana Glazer: Human Magic (Hulu) - Dec. 20
The Broad City alum tackles everything from motherhood to being a stoner in her new stand-up special.
Josh Groban & Friends Go Home for the Holidays (CBS) - Dec. 20
Hosted and executive produced by Josh Groban, the special features a new format combining compelling stories, music, comedy and a live adoption on stage, celebrating the creation of a new family. Musical performances include holiday classics, new releases and original duets with Groban and his guests, including James Bay, Jennifer Hudson, Tori Kelly and The War And Treaty.
2024 Back That Year Up with Kevin Hart and Kenan Thompson (Peacock) - Dec. 23
2024 Back That Year Up With Kevin Hart and Kenan Thompson returns for a third annual special highlighting the biggest moments of the year. The comedic duo will close out the year with their unfiltered humor as they recap the past year of pop culture, sports, social media and politics. The special will feature guest appearances from the year’s most talked about celebrities, including Nate Bargatze, Mookie Betts, Kenny G, Blake Griffin, Jon Hamm, Jonquel Jones, Seth Meyers, mgk and Rashida ‘Sheedz’ Olayiwola. 
The Flipping El Moussas (HGTV) - Dec. 26
Real estate power couple Tarek and Heather Rae El Moussa will continue to grow their working relationship while juggling the addition of a rambunctious toddler to their busy family life in the newest season of their follow-doc series.
The season will kick off in Hawthorne, California, where Tarek and Heather Rae tackle their most extreme flip project to date.
Squid Game 2 (Netfix) - Dec. 26
Three years after winning Squid Game, Player 456 gave up going to the states and comes back with a new resolution in his mind. Gi-hun once again dives into the mysterious survival game, starting another life-or-death game with new participants gathered to win the prize of 45.6 billion won. 
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.