By ASHLEIGH GRAY FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  00:23, 29 February 2024   |  Updated:  01:25, 29 February 2024   
 19
View  comments
Eva Longoria is the newest cover star of InStyle Mexico.
On the front page of the glossy, the Texas-bred actress — who just joined the cast of Only Murders In The Building — posed outdoors wearing a smart black suit with stripes.
The 48-year-old mother-of-one bared her cleavage in the sleek three-piece look, which included a plunging vest, jacket, and trousers.
Her long, glossy, dark hair was slicked back as it flowed down her back in a straight style. 
The headline included a quote from Longoria's Spanish interview, which translated to: 'Women can have it all, just not at the same time.' 
Eva Longoria is the newest cover star of InStyle Mexico
A post shared by InStyle México (@instylemexico)
Promoting the new issue on social media, the InStyle Mexico Instagram account posted two outtakes from the cover story on Wednesday.
Aside from the stunning cover shot, Longoria was shown in an oversized beige blazer, which she wore without a top underneath.
She also put on a leggy display as she skipped pants for the sultry look.
The caption read: 'Finally March has arrived and with it, our Badass Woman Issue, in which we celebrate all women with @evalongoria, who shows us what it means to be a true badass.' 
The note continued, 'In this edition, we chat with Eva about what it means to be a Latina woman, how she shows up in life, and how to implement true change in her community.'
Earlier this week Longoria was added to the cast of the fourth season of the hit mystery-comedy series Only Murders In The Building.
It's unknown what character the former Desperate Housewives star will be playing. 
However, it will be a recurring role, so fans can expect to see Longoria regularly, Variety reported.
In Longoria's Spanish interview, she told the magazine, 'Women can have it all, just not at the same time'; pictured February 10 in Beverly Hills
The March cover comes days after it was announced that Longoria has joined the season four cast of Only Murders In The Building
The entertainer has not commented publicly on her casting yet. 
The first season of Only Murders In The Building, which stars Steve Martin, Selena Gomez and Martin Short, premiered on Hulu in August 2021. 
The show is based on three residents of a New York City apartment building who start a podcast while investigating the murder of another tenant.
Other recurring cast members include Da'Vine Joy Randolph, Tina Fey and Michael Cyril Creighton. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group