Conor McGregor once admitted he wanted to punch P Diddy.
The UFC superstar fessed up about almost decking rap mogul P Diddy during a past run-in. The bombshell comes amidst Diddy's current legal turmoil, facing charges including sex trafficking and racketeering, which have seen him chucked behind bars - Sean denies all the allegations made against him.
While speaking on 'The Late Late Show' in 2014, McGregor cast his mind back to the encounter back in October 2013. After meeting the I'll Be Missing You hitmaker, McGregor posted a snap alongside Diddy and UFC champ Michael Bisping cheekily captioned: "Me, P. Diddy and Big Mike! ! ! ."
READ MORE: Selena Gomez recalls weird encounter with P Diddy while dating Justin Bieber
READ MORE: Click for more brilliant Daily Star showbiz stories
Yet, when the show's host quizzed the cage fighter about meeting Diddy, McGregor didn't hold back: "P. Diddy's a little up his own ass, to be honest. We were at a college football game - UCLA. But he is, you know, he didn't even want to get in the picture. He barely shook my hand. I was about to give him just a left to the chin.", reports the Irish Star.
The audience and a grinning Ryan Tubridy couldn't help but chuckle as Conor McGregor joked: "This is LA, isn't it? You just go around meeting people. I'm just having fun. P. Diddy's on the bottom of the list of people I wanted to meet, especially after finally meeting him."
Back in his heyday, McGregor was climbing the ranks to become UFC's top dog. Just one year after his chat on The Late Late Show, he nabbed the title of UFC Featherweight Champion of the World.
As for Diddy, he hit his stride around the millennium but has since dropped only one album post-McGregor's remarks. These days, it's his personal dramas rather than his tunes grabbing headlines.
Diddy was arrested on 16 September in New York City and charged with sex trafficking, racketeering and transportation to engage in prostitution. Combs has denied all the allegations against him.
He was placed on suicide watch but was recently taken off, with a law enforcement source telling People that he is "focussed and very strong". Diddy is reportedly "concentrating on his defence and preparing for his trial".
The Daily Star is now on WhatsApp and we want you to join us!
Through the app, we'll send you the sassiest showbiz stories, some naught headline and a seismic smattering of aliens...along with the latest breaking news of course.
To join our community, all you have to do to join is click on this link, select 'Join Chat' and you're in!
No one will be able to see who has sign up and no one can send messages except for the Daily Star team. We also treat our community members to competitions, special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners.
If you don’t like our community, you can check out any time you like. To leave our community click on the name at the top of your screen and choose Exit group. If you’re curious, you can read our Privacy Notice.
CLICK HERE TO JOIN
Have you joined Threads? Follow Daily Star to keep up to date on all things showbiz here
Want all the biggest Showbiz and TV news straight to your inbox? Sign up for our free Daily Star Showbiz newsletter
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.