By Associated Press							
LOS ANGELES (AP) — The 76th annual Emmy Awards were handed out Sunday at the Peacock Theater in downtown Los Angeles.
“Shogun” set a single season record for most wins with 18. “Shogun” won best drama series, and Hiroyuki Sanada and Anna Sawai won acting awards for their roles.
“Hacks” won the award for best comedy series. ”Baby Reindeer” and “The Bear” won four awards apiece.
Early winners included Ebon Moss-Bachrach, Jeremy Allen White and Liza Colón-Zayas, who won awards for their work in the comedy series “The Bear.”
Stars presenting Emmys to their peers included: Billy Crystal, Viola Davis, Selena Gomez, Steve Martin, Maya Rudolph and Martin Sheen.
Several actors and shows, including Rudolph, won last week. Rudolph won her sixth Emmy Award at last weekend’s Creative Arts Emmys for her voice work on “Big Mouth.” Jamie Lee Curtis also picked up a supporting actress Emmy last weekend for her appearance on “The Bear.”
Here’s a list of winners at Sunday’s Emmys:
“Shogun”
“Hacks”
“Baby Reindeer”
Hiroyuki Sanada, “Shogun”
Anna Sawai, “Shogun”
Billy Crudup, “The Morning Show”
Elizabeth Debicki, “The Crown”
Jeremy Allen White, “The Bear”
Jean Smart, “Hacks”
Liza Colón-Zayas, “The Bear”
Ebon Moss-Bachrach, “The Bear”
Richard Gadd, “Baby Reindeer”
Jodie Foster, “True Detective: Night Country”
Jessica Gunning, “Baby Reindeer”
Lamorne Morris, “Fargo”
“The Traitors,” Peacock
“Last Week Tonight with John Oliver”
“The Daily Show”
Alex Edelman, “Just for Us”
Lucia Aniello, Paul W. Downs and Jen Statsky, “Hacks”
Will Smith, “Slow Horses”
Richard Gadd, “Baby Reindeer”
Steven Zaillian, “Ripley”
Christopher Storer, “The Bear”
Frederick E.O. Toye, “Shogun”
Greg Berlanti




Need weekend plans?
The best things to do around the city, delivered to your inbox.





			Submit your email		

Enter your email address







			Sign up		






The best things to do around the city, delivered to your inbox.
©2025 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC

			Stay up to date with everything Boston. Receive the latest news and breaking updates, straight from our newsroom to your inbox.