Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
The pair both appear in and executive produce 'Wizards Beyond Waverly Place,' a follow-up to the hit Disney series that launched their careers. 

							By 

	Kirsten Chuba

Events Editor

	More than a decade after their time on Wizards of Waverly Place came to an end, Selena Gomez and David Henrie are returning to their magical roots for a sequel series.

Wizards Beyond Waverly Place follows an adult Justin Russo (Henrie), who has chosen to lead a normal, mortal life with his family; that is, until his sister Alex (Gomez) introduces him to Billie (Janice LeAnn Brown), a wizard-in-training who needs Justin’s mentorship.



	“It did feel like going home,” Gomez told The Hollywood Reporter at the show’s Los Angeles premiere on Monday. “It was so funny because when I showed it to my mom, she literally just died laughing. She goes, ‘You two just still have it.’ Because I think we bring that out in each other.” 

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	TV
			



	
		
					'Gilmore Girls' Alum Yanic Truesdale on Why His French 'Étoile' Character Doesn't Have an Accent		
			














	
	Movies
			



	
		
					Sebastian Stan Channeled Clint Eastwood in 'Unforgiven' For 'Thunderbolts*': "The Older Guy That's Been There, Done That"		
			







"It did feel like going home." – Selena Gomez and David Henrie share what it felt like stepping back on set to film #WizardsBeyondWaverlyPlace pic.twitter.com/mDFHkhyX5u

	Along with appearing onscreen, both Gomez and Henrie serve as executive producers on the show, bringing their own experiences as child actors to the next generation. 

	“We’ve both been doing this for a long time, and I think we seek to bring our best experiences forward when we’re working with young people — especially kids — so for me, it’s very much on the forefront of my mind to help enable an atmosphere that makes them the best they can be in that moment,” Henrie explained. “And it’s been wonderful, we cast some really talented kids, and they’ve just gotten better and better and better.”

	Gomez added of supporting the young cast, “I think the only thing I can provide is the love and support that they’re going to need during this time because hopefully it’s a life-changing experience.”
#WizardsBeyondWaverlyPlace stars Selena Gomez and David Henrie share what their friendship means to each other after all these years pic.twitter.com/aAkvxa1uB7

	The pair also talked about their longtime friendship, as Wizards of Waverly Place began airing when Gomez was 15 and Henrie was 18.

	“I think for me, it’s so important that I have someone in my life that knew me before,” Gomez said of their relationship. “Most of my friends are definitely people that I’ve learned to love and trust, but David was there the first time I ever experienced any sort of fame-like things, and I think he saw and continues to see through that. He’ll tell me the truth, and I like that.”

	Henrie echoed, “We’ve been friends a long time, and when you’re friends before big events happen, I think there’s that meaningful memory that you know of one of another,” as Gomez teased, “He’s stuck with me.”

	










Wizards Beyond Waverly Place premieres Tuesday on Disney Channel and will be available Wednesday on Disney+.

Tiffany Taylor contributed to this report.
The cast of #WizardsBeyondWaverlyPlace pose together at the premiere in Los Angeles pic.twitter.com/1Q0TvhBBpU
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.