On the tip of each of the music producer's toes is a fabric that mimics a fringe lining
nailedbytav/Instagram
 Benny Blanco is showing off his toe-tally amazing nail art! 

 The music producer, 36, took to Instagram on Tuesday, Sept. 3, to share his Persian rug-inspired toenail art. He shared a close-up photo of his pedicure from California artist Nails by Tay on his Instagram Stories, seemingly giving the design his seal of approval.

 The hand-painted design resembles an intricate Persian rug with red, blue and white details, while on the tips of each toe is a fabric that mimics a fringe lining. 

nailedbytav/Instagram
 The original carousel includes three photos – two of Blanco’s feet and one of a rug with a similar pattern as the nail art. 

 The songwriter was having an artsy day, as his Instagram Stories continued with two photos from a trip to an art museum, followed by a video of a small meal being served in a decorative teacup.

 Along with sharing insights into his day, Blanco also often offers a glimpse into his relationship with singer and actress Selena Gomez, whom he confirmed he was dating in December 2023.

Getty
 Earlier this year, he got a pedicure inspired by Gomez’s favorite pickle brand — Best Maid Pickles. Both of his big toes included the Texas pickle brand’s logo with his remaining toes featuring detailed nail art to resemble pickles.

 Prior to getting the nail art, he shared the details of the fried pickle treat he made Gomez, 32, for Valentine's Day on his TikTok.

 The PEOPLE Puzzler crossword is here! How quickly can you solve it? Play now!

 In the video, Blanco says he ordered a shipment from the beloved pickle brand that arrived from Texas to California in time for the lovey-dovey occasion. He detailed how he makes fried pickles and revealed that he adds Sprite to the recipe.

 "Fry pickles and get laid," he captioned the post. 

 The music producer opened up about their relationship in a May appearance on The Howard Stern Show, during which he teased their future. 

Allen J. Schaben / Los Angeles Times / Getty
 After detailing their successful Valentine’s Day, host Howard Stern told him, "You are some boyfriend, you’re knocking it out the park. I see love here, I’m predicting marriage."

 "You and me both," replied Blanco. 

 "You got a ring?" asked Stern.

 "I don’t have anything. I got no shoes on!" he admitted jokingly. "I gotta get my act together."

 Never miss a story — sign up for PEOPLE's free daily newsletter to stay up-to-date on the best of what PEOPLE has to offer​​, from juicy celebrity news to compelling human interest stories.

 The musician recently gushed about Gomez on his Instagram, posting a throwback picture to when they starred in the 2019 music video for their collab "I Can't Get Enough" with J Balvin. The post also included a more recent pic of Gomez that showed her hugging a teddy bear resembling his costume from the music video.

 "i used to play a teddy bear in ur music video and now i get to b urs in real life… happy bday bb ! i love u," he wrote in the caption. 

 Gomez replied to the sweet post with "I love you 🧸."

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)