We may earn a commission if you buy something from any affiliate links on our site.
The French manicure is back for springtime – that’s if it ever really went away in the first place. But while the craze last year was for colourful, finely-painted tips and lots of nail art, in 2024 we’re playing with proportion, using the technique’s original white and sheer pink shades.
This content can also be viewed on the site it originates from.
Selena Gomez experimented with an old-school chunky white tip atop a clean, fresh pink base in the music video for her new single, “Love On”. Created by her longtime manicurist, Tom Bachik, the “exaggerated French” was set on squoval nails and came courtesy of Essie’s Mademoiselle and Blanc shades, topped off with the brand’s Gel Couture Top Coat for a high-shine finish.
Thick tips like these are incredibly ’90s – and predominantly remained there, even during the classic manicure’s renaissance – but Gomez makes them look great. She’s not the only A-lister to experiment with different French looks in recent weeks, either. Margot Robbie also debuted a micro French manicure at an Oscar nominees celebration lunch.
This content can also be viewed on the site it originates from.
If Gomez’s French tips were centimetres thick, Robbie’s featured just a minuscule line of white on otherwise rosy, natural nails. Requiring a very steady hand and precision application, her fresh, spring-ready look was created by celebrity manicurist Betina Goldstein, who is known for creating mini works of art upon nails.
Whether you go XXL or minimal on your tips, the beauty of the French is that it can be adapted to your nail shape and aesthetic, plus it goes with everything. Easy spring nails? Sorted.
Everything You Need To Know About The Met Gala 2025
Join The Vogue Newsletter For The Latest Fashion, Beauty And Street Style Trends Straight To Your Inbox
Read Billie Eilish’s May 2025 Cover Interview In Full
The Key Spring/Summer 2025 Trends To Know Now
Join British Vogue’s Met Gala Community Ahead Of Fashion’s Biggest Night. This link redirects to a third-party website.
More from Vogue
Condé Nast Britain
© 2025 Condé Nast