The Television Academy unveiled the nominations for the 76th Emmy Awards, with FX’s Shōgun leading the pack with 25 total nominations, followed by Hulu’s The Bear with 23.
The Bear set a new record for nominations in a single year in the comedy category with 23, a record that was previously held by 30 Rock, which had 22 nominations in 2009.
Following Shōgun and The Bear, Hulu’s Only Murders in the Building had 21 nominations, HBO’s True Detective: Night Country had 19 and Netflix’s The Crown had 18.
Watch ZDF Studios' Weiss & Morales
Up for outstanding drama series are Shōgun, The Crown, Fallout (Prime Video), The Gilded Age (HBO), The Morning Show (Apple TV+), Mr. & Mrs. Smith (Prime Video), Slow Horses (Apple TV+) and 3 Body Problem (Netflix).
In the comedy category, titles in the running are The Bear, Only Murders in the Building, Abbott Elementary (ABC), Curb Your Enthusiasm (HBO), Hacks (HBO), Palm Royale (Apple TV+), Reservation Dogs (FX) and What We Do in the Shadows (FX).
True Detective: Night Country, Baby Reindeer (Netflix), Fargo (FX), Lessons in Chemistry (Apple TV+) and Ripley (Netflix) are nominated in the outstanding limited or anthology series category.
TV-movie nominees are Mr. Monk’s Last Case: A Monk Movie (Peacock); Quiz Lady (Hulu); Red, White & Royal Blue (Prime Video); Scoop (Netflix); and Unfrosted (Netflix).
Within the performance categories, nominees for lead actor in a drama series are Idris Elba for Hijack, Donald Glover for Mr. & Mrs. Smith, Walton Goggins for Fallout, Gary Oldman for Slow Horses, Hiroyuki Sanada for Shōgun and Dominic West for The Crown. The actress nominees for drama are Jennifer Aniston for The Morning Show, Carrie Coon for The Gilded Age, Maya Erskine for Mr. & Mrs. Smith, Anna Sawai for Shōgun, Imelda Staunton for The Crown and Reese Witherspoon for The Morning Show.
For comedy series, Matt Berry (What We Do in the Shadows), Larry David (Curb Your Enthusiasm), Steve Martin (Only Murders in the Building), Martin Short (Only Murders in the Building), Jeremy Allen White (The Bear) and D’Pharaoh Woon-A-Tai (Reservation Dogs) are up for the lead actor award. Quinta Brunson (Abbott Elementary), Ayo Edebiri (The Bear), Selena Gomez (Only Murders in the Building), Maya Rudolph (Loot), Jean Smart (Hacks) and Kristen Wiig (Palm Royale) are nominees for the lead actress award.
Outstanding lead actor in a limited or anthology series or movie nominations went to Matt Bomer (Fellow Travelers), Richard Gadd (Baby Reindeer), Jon Hamm (Fargo), Tom Hollander (Feud: Capote vs. The Swans) and Andrew Scott (Ripley). Outstanding lead actress nominations went to Jodie Foster (True Detective: Night Country), Brie Larson (Lessons in Chemistry), Juno Temple (Fargo), Sofía Vergara (Griselda) and Naomi Watts (Feud: Capote vs. The Swans).
In the reality categories, the nominees for a structured reality program are PBS’s Antiques Roadshow; Food Network’s Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives; Netflix’s Love is Blind; Netflix’s Queer Eye; and ABC’s Shark Tank. The nominees for an unstructured reality program, meanwhile, are Bravo’s Below Deck Down Under, Netflix’s Love on the Spectrum U.S., MTV’s RuPaul’s Drag Race: Untucked, Bravo’s Vanderpump Rules and FX’s Welcome to Wrexham.
For best reality competition program, The Amazing Race (CBS), RuPaul’s Drag Race (MTV), Top Chef (Bravo), The Traitors (Peacock) and The Voice (NBC) earned nominations. Celebrity Family Feud (ABC), Jeopardy! (ABC/syndicated), Password (NBC), The Price is Right at Night (CBS) and Wheel of Fortune (ABC/syndicated) picked up nominations in the game-show category.
The 76th Emmy Awards will be broadcast live on ABC on September 5 from the Peacock Theater at L.A. LIVE and will be streamed the next day on Hulu.
“Television delivers stories that connect us, uplift us, challenge us and always entertain us,” said Cris Abrego, chair of the Television Academy. “I am honored to celebrate the outstanding work of our extraordinary talented and hardworking creative community. [These] Emmy nominations are a testament to their contributions and highlight the incredible programming that has risen to the top of an exceptional year in TV.”
The full schedule for the Turkish TV Festival, running May 6 to 8, is now available, with Inter Medya’s Beatriz Cea Okan, Heartstrings’ Ergül Miray Şahin and Ali Yağız Durmuş and TRT’s Mustafa Ilbeyli among the speakers. Register for free here.
World Screen Newsflash is the leading source of daily news for the international media industry, covering all segments of the business, including new show announcements, sales deals, co-productions, research reports and personnel appointments.
May 2, 2025
May 2, 2025
May 2, 2025
World Screen is the leading source of information for the international media business.