E-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
to submit an obituary

Deadlines:


Monday-Friday 8:30am-4:00pm, Call 610-915-2226


(Proofs will be provided for accuracy only, they will not be styled/formatted like the finished product)


Obituaries submitted on Saturday, Sunday and Holidays are accepted from 8:30 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. by email only Obit@delcotimes.com


(No proofs will be furnished. Pricing will not be available until the next business day after 10:00am by calling Dianne at 610-915-2226)


Obituaries received after Deadline will not be published in the following edition of the paper.


Sending Procedure:


Email is the preferable method for receiving Obituaries (and the only method on Saturday, Sunday and Holidays), they can be sent to Obit@delcotimes.com (Feel free to call and confirm that we’ve received the email)


Formatting:


Obituaries will continue to visually look the same as they currently do, but you will no longer be restricted in what you can say (ex. As much Family can be listed as you’d like; Wording like “Went to rest with the Lord” is now permissible)


Other:


There is a cost for each obituary. Pricing and payments are only available Monday through Friday, 8:30 am to 4:00 pm. All weekend and holiday submissions will be provided a cost the next business day.


Exceptions:


All New accounts, Out of State Funeral Homes and Private Parties will require prepayment upon approval of the obituary. Weekend and Holiday staff are not authorized to set up a new account or process payments


Deadline for the above is before 4:00 PM Mon – Fri. only (Holiday schedules may vary).


Prepayment required submissions will be handled on the very first business day following the weekend and/or holiday schedule. A complete name, address and best contact phone number are required upon submittal of your obituary request to set up your account. A proof will then be emailed for review but placed on hold until payment is received.

Sign up for email newsletters
E-Edition

			TRENDING:		
Winnie Holzman is racking up airline miles flying back and forth between Los Angeles and Princeton these days.
The writer of the book for Broadway’s “Wicked,” a key writer for the important ’80s television series, “thirtysomething,” and the creator of the acclaimed though short-lived “My So-Called Life” shuttles so frequently to take an active part in the production of her play, “Choice,” at Princeton’s McCarter Theatre.
“Choice” begins previews at McCarter’s Berlind Theatre on Wednesday and opens next Saturday evening for a run that lasts through Sunday, June 2.
Although “Choice” had its world premiere in 2015, which usually indicates a set script, Holzman has attended rehearsals and provides ongoing rewrites to director Sarah Rasmussen and her cast.
“The plot and the characters are the same, but time has passed since ‘Choice’ was first done in Boston. The world has gone through a pandemic since then — Holzman graciously but firmly eschews handshakes — we’ve had the fall of Roe — Roe vs. Wade; “Choice’s” story revolves around abortion — and there are conflicts occurring throughout the world.
A play today has to respond to these significant events.
In hearing the play and watching Sarah and the company, I notice moments and lines that can be improved, made better, stronger, funnier … better.
“I don’t want to give the impression I’ve made wholesale cuts and additions to ‘Choice.’ It’s more of a cut here, a judicious edit there. “
Holzman, a fluid conversationalist with obvious passion for her work, talks about selecting, dissecting, always carefully, to enhance everything from clarity to depth and entertainment value.
Listening to her, you hear a creator at work, a mind that not only conceived this play a decade ago but in constantly working to give it its optimum production today.
“The ability to go back and use the perceptions and ideas I’ve had since the first production is a gift. I’m so grateful for it. I feel as if I’d made peace I’d wouldn’t had the opportunity to make if not for this production.”
It isn’t only her script Holzman is surgically doctoring.
“Sarah and I agreed the play should be done without an intermission.
“That is always my preference. A play settles in, builds a mood, and is interrupted by a period when people return to their lives. Their cellphones come out. They tend to various things. The second act begins, and the mood has to be re-established. Proceeding without at intermission sustains the mood, which is important in ‘Choice.’ ”
Assessing all she’s done, Holzman says the McCarter production of “Choice” will be similar to it 2015 premiere, but different.
“It’s not the same play,” she says. “It’s been recontexturalized. To me, personally, it feels like a new play, one much closer to what I wanted to express.”
She and I agree to call it a world premiere of this version.
McCarter audiences will decidedly be seeing a work that is being presented for the first time.
That audience includes Rasmussen who, Holzman says, attended a charitable benefit reading of “Choice” in Beverly Hills about five years ago and remembered it fondly enough to call Holzman her about including it in McCarter’s current season.
Holzman was not only delighted that Rasmussen recalled her play but felt a full circle being formed by she, a Princeton alumna who cut some theatrical teeth as a student performer at Theatre Intime and the Triangle Club, returning to her alma mater’s main stage with a new play.
“Choice,” Holzman says, “is a play about a family. Abortion is a central subject of the play. It begins by me wanting to express a pro-choice point of view about abortion, but it is not about one specific choice. It’s about the choices we make in general throughout our lives.
“I wanted to take a different approach to abortion and other choices from other plays. ‘Choice’ puts a human face on a controversial subject, one that is more and more polarizing society.
“My approach had to be different from other plays. The politics in the play is obvious. It addresses the boiling point we’ve reached. Being political does not mean having to be polemic.
“The challenge is telling a story that makes a statement but does not preach. Like any writer, I wrestled myself about whether I was up to the challenge. I’m vocal, so I shared my dilemma with my family.
Both my husband (actor Paul Dooley) and daughter (writer Savannah Dooley), asked, ‘If you won’t do it, who will?’ So here we are.
“My aspiration is to humanize something that is a political issue for some but it is a life choice for others and put it in the context of choices in general. I gave myself room to explore a large topic to find a way to give it a voice, one that would be different from other works on the topic.
“I kept working at it. I keep working at it, spending a few days in Princeton, a few days home, then back to Princeton. I finally saw the path I needed and took it. I avoid the polemic to tell a story.
“People go to the theater to be captivated. (Pantheon playwright) Arthur Laurents, at a seminar I attended early in my career, said a piece had to have ‘emotional glitz.’ He meant an emotion that emerges from the play and grabs you. That’s what I work to achieve.”
As she immerses herself in “Choice,” Holzman had been quite busy this year as the two-part movie of “Wicked” is being filmed.
On “Wicked’s” 21-year stint on Broadway and the upcoming films, Holzman says, “Stephen (Schwartz) and I never dreamed we were creating a musical that would last so long and become two movies. That just isn’t part of a writer’s expectation.”
“Wicked,” Holzman says, is one of three events that “changed my life.”
The others were meeting professor-professional actor-McCarter founder Daniel Seltzer, who encouraged her to pursue a career in theater as a Princeton undergrad, and meeting Marshall Herskovitz and Ed Zwick, the creators and writers of “thirtysomething.”
Two ironies worth noting.
Seltzer is also influential in my career. I’ve never met Marshall Herskovitz, but his aunt is my cousin by marriage, a cousin I particularly adored who when I age 10, hearing I wanted to be a writer, gave me my first unabridged dictionary and thesaurus.
They’re next to me now.
Madeleine George, who is busy devising plots and dialogue for the increasingly star-studded cast joining Steve Martin and Martin Short for the fourth season of “Only Murders in the Building,” says the difference in writing for television vs. the stage, is “Writing for TV is a job — J-O-B — while playwriting leaves it more up to you to find and say what you want to convey to an audience.
George also says the reason superstars like Meryl Streep, Andrea Martin, Eva Longoria and series regulars such as Nathan Lane, Jane Houdyshell, Amy Ryan, Jackie Hoffman, Jane Lynch and Da’Vine Joy Randolph are so eager to enlist for “Only Murders” is “everyone wants to work with Steve and Martin.”
Almost everything George says has a comic tinge to it, even when she defines what she means when she says television writing is a “J-O-B.”
“You know you come to an office. You’re there physically, and in between having lunch and going out for coffee, you and others in the writer’s room come up with a script for the next episodes.”
We both laugh when she says it. Who knew scriptwriting could be so simple?
Alone, with her imagination, and probably a lunch or two, George, before “Only Murders” entered her life, wrote a play called “Hurricane Diane” that runs at Malvern’s People’s Light & Theatre Company through Sunday, May 19.
It is one of several plays she’s written, all of them exploring big themes such as communication, artificial intelligence, and in “Hurricane Diane’s” case ecological issues, in a comic, sprawling fashion that marries a lot of ideas.
George wrote “Hurricane Diane” in 2019. She refers to it as a comic sequel to Euripides’ “The Bacchae,” a tragedy in which the Greek god, Dionysus, also the god governing theater, arrives in Thebes to prove he is a genuine and potent god despite common slander that he is not.
George brings Dionysus to a modern suburban cul-de-sac to make a point to the denizens there.
“Dionysus comes out of retirement in the form of a lesbian gardener, Diane, to rally four New Jersey housewives to join her in an environmental revolution. She arrives from Vermont to make a last-ditch attempt to put humanity back on a sustaining course,” George says by telephone from her home in The Bronx.
“As a playwright, I look for a way to make a large topic go down easy. That especially applies to ‘Only Murders in the Building.’
“It has a quirky sensibility we weren’t totally sure an audience would respond to.
“But they did. It goes back to ‘going down easy.’ TV is storytelling. In a series, the story and the characters are continuous, as opposed to being contained within a specific time like characters in a play.
“It’s wonderful when you have great actors to work with. Meryl Streep is such a good sport. We knew of her reputation for doing accurate accents. When we worked that into our script, she understood and took right to it.”
In days before writing plays and TV episodes, George, like most writers, had day jobs.
“I had a parallel life as an educator.”
Among the places she taught was Bard College, which at that time, went into New York jails to bring college courses to prisoners.
That grew into the Bard Prison Initiative, which extends into New York state prisons and was the subject of a PBS documentary, “College Behind Bars,” which George reminds can be streamed on PBS.com.
“Working with the prisoners is so rewarding. It has remained part of my life no matter what my workload or pursuit at the time.
“The courses taught in prison are the same as the ones taught at Bard, with the same professors, texts, etc. The expectations and the demands are also the same.
“In a prison, this can be transformational.”
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group