Disney knows how to create a movie that will pull at your heartstrings. From the classic High School Musical to the old-school flick Tru Confessions, we think the 20 below do it best.
Kimberly J. Brown moved us with her performance in the 2000 film Quints. In it, she plays Jamie, an only child whose life is turned around when her parents announce they're pregnant with quintuplets. After their birth, Jamie's parents forget about her, missing meetings and her school's big art conference.
We always shed a few tears after rewatching Twitches. It's sad to see Cameron leave her sister, Alex, alone in Coventry to fight off the darkness and save their mother.
We cried tears of joy at the end of The Cheetah Girls. They had us in the first half, though, making us think they'd be no longer after their fight with Galleria, played by Raven-Symoné.
After everything Gabriella and Troy had been through, it was difficult to watch the basketball player throw his girlfriend under the bus to appease his boys. Perhaps the movie's most painful part is that she takes him back in the end.
Although we can appreciate the two leads in Cow Belles being put to work, the circumstances were heartbreaking. In the movie, Taylor and Courtney lose their mother, which causes a spiral of unfortunate events for the sisters.
If you've seen The Santa Clause, you know the little kid's mother and stepfather were against him believing in the gift giver from the start — even belittling him throughout the holiday season. Who wouldn't cry at that?
This scene needs no explanation. Fictional or not — watching a kid survive their parent is devastating.
Little Nemo's separation from his father during his school field trip was hard to watch, but seeing him trapped in a fish tank inside a dentist's office took it to a different level.
The coming out process is never easy, and Greg knows that too well in the film Out. He's kept part of his life hidden from his parents, but after they surprise him at his new home, an interaction with his dog led him to change that.
Inside Out will evoke some strong emotions. Perhaps the most challenging part of the film is watching the lead lose her identity, which puts her in a dark place.
Like The Lion King, the scene in Bambi where his mother dies is one we'll never get over.
Who doesn't cry during this movie? The film opens with a lengthy segment showing the life of Carl Fredricksen and his wife, Ellie, who later died of old age. Throughout the film, he learns the true meaning of letting go of material possessions, embracing the memories in his heart, and accepting change. 
One of the songs in The Cheetah Girls 2 is titled "It's Over." The song arrives right as the group decides to split while vacationing in Barcelona.
The fact that only one of the siblings in Wizards of Waverly Place could keep their magical powers truly saddens us. It's one of the few occasions Alex Russo (Selena Gomez) shows emotion over her family, specifically her brother, Justin.
Camilla Belle's performance in Rip Girls definitely took a toll on us. The 13-year-old moves to Hawaii after her mother's death and discovers a great estate developers plan to build on. However, after spending time in front of the waves and getting advice from her friends, she decides to maintain the land for her family's sake.
Like The Cheetah Girls, the second movie in the High School Musical franchise features a messy breakup scene between Gabriella and Troy, shown in the song "Gotta Go My Own Way."
Two women from different walks of life form an unlikely friendship in the 2000 film The Color of Friendship. Upon meeting, Piper and Mahree have preconceived notions about each other, but things change after they experience life together in Washington, D.C.
Shia LaBeouf plays Eddie in the Disney film Tru Confessions. Eddie is a young boy with an unidentified learning disability. To show him in a different light, his twin sister Tru, an aspiring filmmaker, creates a documentary about him to submit to a film contest.
If America Ferrera taught us anything in Gotta Kick It Up, it's that we can accomplish anything we put our minds to. Plus, we learned the phrase "Sí se puede," which means "Yes, we can."
Twitches Too follows Alex and Cameron as they balance their duties as princesses while trying to keep the magical land of Coventry afloat. Although they have to fight off the darkness again in this film, finding out their father is still alive in the shadowlands makes it all worth it.
Jacquez Printup has been writing about all things entertainment, including reality TV, pop culture, and celebrity news, since his time as a student at Ohio University.  Since graduating, he's continued binging seasons of "Vanderpump Rules" and “Big Brother” and talking about them online.  His writing has been featured in publications like ScreenRant, Yahoo, RealityTea, Yardbarker, and in the popular television series "The Real Housewives of Atlanta
More must-reads:
Get the latest news and rumors, customized to your favorite sports and teams. Emailed daily. Always free!