A hunky holiday reality series and a festive film inspired by Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce's love story round out our picks for the weekend of Nov. 22.
 It won't be for everyone, but no one can argue that there's never been a film like Emilia Peréz. The stars — breakout lead actress Karla Sofía Gascón, likely Best Supporting Actress nominee (winner?) Zoe Saldaña, and Selena Gomez in yet another career-redefining role — grace the cover of Entertainment Weekly's latest Awardist issue, diving into the making of director Jacques Audiard's musical drama. In other news, a quick PSA: If you're seeing Wicked this weekend (which you should), please don't sing in the theater. Save that for the sing-a-long version they're releasing at Christmas. —Patrick Gomez, Editor-in-Chief

 P.S. If you want to receive the Must List in your inbox, sign up for our  "Entertainment Weekly and Awardist" newsletters. You'll receive all three each week — the trifecta of entertainment news.

Matthew Murphy & Evan Zimmerman; Universal Pictures; Max
Universal Pictures
 Director Jon M. Chu's film adaptation of the iconic Broadway musical is flying off the handle and into everyone's hearts. Starring Cynthia Erivo and Ariana Grande, the film is a vivid homage to Hollywood musicals of the Golden Age, with powerful, swoon-worthy vocals balanced with a darker political plot of a mediocre man who gaslights all of Oz into believing he's all-powerful and ends up scapegoating the only woman who dares to stand up to him. Sounds eerily familiar! —Yolanda Machado, Staff Editor

 Read EW's full Wicked review

Kim Nunneley/Hallmark Media
 This delightful Hallmark+ reality competition show features 10 hunks vying to land a leading role in a Christmas film. With challenges like untangling an 80-pound ball of lights and having to act and ice skate at the same time, every episode is a gift. —Dalton Ross, Editorial Director

Courtesy of Max
 Best friends Jamie (Kiernan Shipka) and Ben (Nico Hiraga) are college freshman who make a pact to end their high school relationships on the same night. The Max rom-com offers a fresh take on the age-old question: Can men and women just be friends? —Calie Schepp, Social Media Editor

Matthew Murphy & Evan Zimmerman 
 Who could've guessed that Broadway's best-reviewed show of the season would feature two robots falling in love? Darren Criss and Helen J Shen are irresistible in this South Korean import that blends humor and heart. Plug in and enjoy! —D.R.

Lifetime/A&E
 Lifetime specializes in ripped-from-the-headlines thrillers, but what about a ripped-from-the-headlines...love story? Touching down Saturday, this TV movie takes inspiration from Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce's romance (but isn't the NFL-sanctioned one coming to Hallmark Nov. 30?) with a bit of wacky and a whole lot of festivity. —Ryan Coleman, News Writer

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)