Kylie Jenner has come under fire after she shared pictures of her latest lingerie photoshoot on Instagram, as concerned fans worry she's lost 'too much weight'.
The mum of two posed in a series of pictures for fashion designer Sam Edelman as she posed in lingerie, tights and heels as well as a black one-piece suit. The 26-year-old make-up mogul shared the black and white images with a simple caption referencing the designer, with fans being quick to comment on her appearance.
As some fans praised her stylish look, others were left worrying over her figure and called her out as "too thin". One fan commented: "no such thing as too rich or too thin...." Another shared: "Did she lose weight or does she have some sorta illness?" A third wrote: "Looking like every other emaciated girl now. At least she stood out when she had curves." Another said: "There is very much such a thing as being 'too thin'."
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Fans claim Kylie Jenner 'forgot' she has two kids in awkward promotional moment
Others commented that the pictures appear edited and Kylie looks different as one wrote: "She’s been through so many body changes every time she comes on my feed it’s like I’m looking at a whole other women". Another added: "Different person every couple of years."
However, some fans praised the beauty business entrepreneur, as one wrote: "This shoot was my favorite! And the billboard here in LA oh my god so nice." Another put: "This shoot is giving everything we need! Stunning! You look phenomenal Kylie!"
The photoshoot comes as insiders close to Kylie and boyfriend Timothée Chalamet claim the pair have not split and slam rumours of a break up. Fans were convinced the couple had gone their separate ways since Valentine's Day, when Kylie failed to mention the Wonka actor in her social media posts. Now after months of speculation, the duo were seen undercover on a low-key date this week, and are said to be more loved up than ever.
Insiders say they stepped away from the limelight as a couple, because Timothée was uncomfortable with all the drama surrounding them at the Golden Globes over Selena Gomez. He feared it would take attention away from his promotion for his movie Dune 2, says sources.
An insider told the Daily Mail: "Timothee didn't like all the attention he got from the Golden Globes, and the kiss took away attention for the real reason he was there." The source added: "His career is taking off and he wants to protect it and let it thrive based on his talent- not on who he is or isnt dating. He also wants to protect his relationship with Kylie."
Kylie and Timothée were finally seen together after months of speculation about their romance, this week. The couple were spotted at an ice cream parlour both wearing masks and trying to keep their outing lowkey.
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok , Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.