Levi 501 jeans have been voted the most iconic fashion gear of all time.
The shrink-to-fit denims topped the poll of Brits asked what fashion item they deem to be the most important ever, after being loved by celebrities around the world for decades.
From Marilyn Monroe, below, to cult hero John Wayne, the jeans have been a Hollywood classic.
READ MORE: 'My dad was shown alien bodies and UFO inside top secret US sub-basement'
Click for more of the latest news from across the world from the Daily Star.
More recent 501 devotees include Hailey Bieber, Selena Gomez, Kristen Stewart and Sydney Sweeney.
The jeans featured in the famous 1985 “boxer shorts” launderette advert with British singer Nick Kamen.
In the poll, the classic Ralph Lauren polo shirt came second ahead of the timeless Chanel little black dress.
Also featuring in the top 10 were Ray Ban aviator sunglasses, Converse trainers and cherry red Doc Marten boots.
The study showed 41% regularly shop in charity shops. And the nation’s love of vintage clothing is so strong that four in 10 are annoyed for having thrown away old classics that have been gifted to them by older relatives.
Daniel Fisher, UK general manager from Whatnot, the shopping platform which commissioned the study, said: “It’s clear from the research that more Brits are embracing second-hand fashion and iconic vintage pieces like Levi 501s, Ralph Lauren polo shirts and little black dresses.
“Vintage clothing offers shoppers a unique opportunity to invest in timeless pieces with history and character.”
THE MOST ICONIC FASHION ITEMS OF ALL TIME, ACCORDING TO THRIFTY BRITS:
Levi 501 jean - 45%
Ralph Lauren Polo shirt - 25%
Chanel little black dress - 23%
Levi denim jacket - 20%
Converse All Star trainer - 20%
Nike Air Max 90 trainer - 18%
Ray ban Aviator - 18%
Bomber jacket - 15%
Plain white t-shirt - 15%
Cherry Red Doc Marten -15%
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.