The singer revealed the moment was made even worse when her boyfriend Benny Blanco told the Segel, "Oh, she falls asleep to you every night."
Emlyn Travis is a news writer at Entertainment Weekly with over five years of experience covering the latest in entertainment. A proud Kingston University alum, Emlyn has written about music, fandom, film, television, and awards for multiple outlets including MTV News, Teen Vogue, Bustle, BuzzFeed, Paper Magazine, Dazed, and NME. She joined EW in August 2022.
 Even Selena Gomez has awkward moments sometimes.

 The Only Murders in the Building star revealed that she had a “kind of embarrassing” run-in with Jason Segel while they were both attending the Emmy Awards back in January.

 “This is such a weird habit, but every night I fall asleep to the same show," Gomez explained on Friday's episode of Jimmy Kimmel Live. "It'll either be Friends or something comfy, but lately, it's How I Met Your Mother. So I fall asleep every night just watching the show and I’m a fan.”

David Livingston/Getty; Steve Granitz/Getty 
 Flash forward to the Emmys, where she spotted Segel, who starred as Marshall on the beloved CBS sitcom, nearby. 

 "He looked at me and he started waving, and I was like, ‘Oh, hi!’” she said, acting out a surprised wave back to the actor. “And I slowly realized he was waving to someone behind me.”

 A mortified Gomez then made a show of dropping her head and slowly lowering her wave in response to the realization. However, she noted that Segel did try to remedy the situation as best as he could. 

 "He felt awkward and inclined to then come over," she explained, before noting that her boyfriend, Benny Blanco, then considered it the perfect time to let Segel know, "'Oh, she falls asleep to you every night.'" 

 “I was like, ‘That’s weird!’” She exclaimed, which likely only furthered the embarrassment she was already feeling at the time. “But I do!”

 Watch Gomez discuss the awkward Emmys moment — and explaining who Dua Lipa was to Steve Martin — in the clip above.

 Sign up for Entertainment Weekly's free daily newsletter to get breaking TV news, exclusive first looks, recaps, reviews, interviews with your favorite stars, and more.

 Related content:

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)