The trio was spotted together at the Margiela fashion show at Paris Fashion Week decked in glitz and glam 
Best Image / BACKGRID
 The Kardashian-Jenners are front row pros at Paris Fashion Week. And their latest appearance proves just that.

 Kris Jenner, Kim Kardashian and Kylie Jenner attended the Margiela fashion show together and didn't shy away from bringing the glitz and glamour. Kris, 68, kept her shades on (her go-to boss move) while she posed in an oversize black coat with puffed sleeves. Underneath she wore a white button-down. She topped the outfit off with a pair of black leather gloves.

Best Image / BACKGRID
 Kim Kardashian, 43, was all about skin-baring style in a sexy, black floor-length dress that featured laser-cute circles. She marked a return to Cher hair (sleek, straight and center parted) and added nude lips and black nail polish to round out her beauty moment. The centerpiece of the look was her ornate collar necklace which featured colorful gemstones.

Pierre Suu/Getty Images
 Kylie Jenner, 26, also turned heads with her bodycon sequin, metallic dress that shimmered in the light of the camera and looked like scales. The beauty mogul didn't let the rest of her outfit go unnoticed either. She topped off her look with the So Move earrings and ring from Messika, a pair of white heels and a wet-look hairstyle. On her arms, Kylie also pulled the look together with matching gray gloves made out of tulle fabric.

Pierre Suu/Getty Images
 Posing as a trio, the family looked like a poster for TikTok's latest viral "Mob Wife" fashion, marked by bold wardrobes featuring gold jewelry, sequins and more. Think the cast of The Sopranos, fur coats, heavy makeup and more.

 Never miss a story — sign up for PEOPLE's free daily newsletter to stay up-to-date on the best of what PEOPLE has to offer, from celebrity news to compelling human interest stories.

 In addition to social media influencers who’ve taken to TikTok to show off their version of the fad, a slew of celebrities have cosigned on the “Mob Wife” makeover. 

 Chrissy Teigen posted her take on Instagram writing, “Mob wife but she really never knows what’s going on at any given time,” alongside a photo of her carrying a black Chanel purse with her lace-gloved hands.

 Other stars such as Olivia Jade (who rocked a plunging black dress and fur coat to support Jacob Elordi at Saturday Night Live) and Selena Gomez (whose ‘90s-inspired pinstripe suit had and gold jewels had strong eligibility for the "Office Siren" look too) have had their own “Mob Wife” moments without even realizing it, therefore establishing it as an unstoppable trend. 

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)