By ASHLEIGH GRAY FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  02:42, 26 April 2024   |  Updated:  03:45, 26 April 2024   
 19
View  comments
Dua Lipa turned heads on Thursday night at the Time 100 Gala in New York City.
The 28-year-old hitmaker — who was spotted out in the city earlier this week — stunned in a plunging silver Chanel gown with long-sleeves.
The number also featured a keyhole center complete with a small black bow with a brooch in the middle.
The bombshell showed off her cleavage and teased her toned midriff in the glamorous ensemble. 
Dua, who is of English and Albanian heritage, captivated with her long, burgundy-toned locks styled in a center part and deep waves.
Dua Lipa turned heads on Thursday night at the Time 100 Gala in New York City
The bombshell showed off her cleavage and teased her toned midriff in the glamorous ensemble 
The 28-year-old hitmaker stunned in a plunging silver Chanel gown with long-sleeves
The fashionista accessorized with a diamond-covered necklace. 
She dazzled cameras in a full face of flattering, plum-toned makeup with a matte finish.
The megastar unveiled her Time100 cover to her 88.5 million Instagram followers on April 15.
The striking image featured the songstress close-up with slick wet hair that fell around her face as she wore a stoic expression. 
In the caption, she wrote, 'Thank you @time and thank you my dear friend and hero @thisispattismith for your wonderful words.'
Her loyal fanbase liked the post more than one million times.
She was photographed by photographer Zhong Lin.
Lipa was joined on the red carpet by Fantasia Barrino, who sizzled in a black sequin gown with a matching headpiece.
The figure-hugging look was long-sleeved and she added high black heels.
The bombshell showed off her cleavage and teased her toned midriff in the glamorous ensemble
Dua flaunted a dark, ombre manicure and drew attention to it with multiple rings
Lipa was joined on the red carpet by Fantasia Barrino, who sizzled in a black sequin gown with a matching headpiece
Fantasia's figure-hugging look was long-sleeved and she added high black heels
Thursday night's soiree brought out other A-listers including Patrick and Brittany Mahomes.
The gala follows the Time100 Summit, which took place on Tuesday, April 24.
The back-to-back events featured Selena Gomez, Colman Domingo, John Kerry, and Maya Rudolph.
Among the Time100 Icons are Taraji P. Henson, Kylie Minogue, Burna Boy, and Michael J. Fox among others.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group