LAist is part of Southern California Public Radio, a member-supported public media network.
Share This
This weekend:
Our picks:
Finding creative ways to beat the heat is quickly becoming L.A.’s favorite September activity, and at LAist we always have great tips for staying cool, like keeping your lotions in the fridge, closing the curtains, and eating spicy foods (as if we needed an excuse on that one). Remember, if you are in a dangerously hot zone and don’t have access to air conditioning, you can always find a local cooling center in your area.
You can also take a drive up to the mountains on a car camping trip with Great Outdoors – the high at Mt. Pinos is a relatively cool 78 degrees on Friday. Or head to the air-conditioned comfort of the Only Murders In the Building Escape room. There’s also an innovative L.A. Dance Project performance, and Cary Elwes will be on hand for a screening of The Princess Bride in Cerritos.
For more to explore, visit LAist.com, where you can learn how to manage the “Tree of Heaven” invading local gardens, read up on Chick-fil-A’s foray into streaming, or start making your Voter Game Plan – it’s never too early!
A Night in Paris
Ooh la la! French singer Julia Paris (an apt name!) and pianist Yacine Azeggagh visit The Kinn, a unique coworking and event space right by the beach in Venice, to bring a little taste of France to L.A. The event is kid-friendly (and discounted for those under 10), featuring timeless “Parisian melodies with a modern twist.”
'IMMDED IMMGEWD'
Last year, L.A. Dance Project brought Filipino choreographer Jobel Medina and multi-instrumentalist Elliott Sellers’ work IMMDED IMMGEWD to Santa Monica’s Broad Stage. Following that success, they’ve now expanded the work to a 50-minute live performance at the L.A. Dance Project in South L.A., where the artists create a dialogue with their bodies and musical instruments, blending cello, percussion and movement.
'Only Murders In the Building' Escape Room
Think you can solve the next murder at the Arconia? Put on your best Mabel-esque shrug and headphones ensemble or a Charles hat or an Oliver scarf and make your way to Century City to find your way out of this escape room based on the hit Hulu series. Not up to date on it? Catch up here as the new season rolls out.
Tom Van Sant: 'An Earth Twin at the Digital Dawn'
Tom Van Sant’s treatise on the environment and the future is on view until February 1, 2025, but head to the opening at the 18th Street Arts Center for a special event that’s part of Santa Monica’s DNA Festival. Van Sant, who died in 2023, started working with scientist and collaborator Dr. L. Van Warren in the late 1980s on Earth Twin’s predecessor, the GeoSphere Project, which aims to create “an accurate, interactive, awe-inspiring replica of the Earth that would make its complex systems visible and bring humankind together to know, love, and care for our planet.” The show is presented in conjunction with PST ART: Art & Science Collide, which will host dozens of events this fall across more than 70 partner arts organizations in the area. Watch this space for more highlights to look forward to!
L.A. Kids Book Festival
Fire trucks, tap dancing, the West Hollywood poet laureate, and of course storytime are just a few of the highlights at this year’s L.A. Kids Book Festival in West Hollywood. Emmy Award-winning actress Mykal-Michelle Harris, the voice of Disney Junior’s Ariel and star of the upcoming Alice in the Palace will kick off the festivities.
Passenger: All the Little Lights Anniversary Tour
British indie rocker Passenger is at the Wiltern performing songs off his 2012 album, All the Little Lights. The chart-topping “Let Her Go” singer recently re-released the record with special appearances by Ed Sheeran, Nina Nesbitt, and more.
Frogtown First Fridays (POSTPONED)
UPDATE: Frogtown First Fridays has announced that their "All About Animals" event has been postponed until October 4 "due to the excessive heat forecasted for September 6th."
It’s all about the animals at this month’s family-friendly Frogtown First Fridays event. (Say that five times fast!) Local galleries will feature art shows and activities, giveaways, and live music in the L.A. River-adjacent enclave. The event also features a pet food and supply drive. Visitors are encouraged to walk, bike, or take public transport.
Mount Pinos Car Camp
A few spots remain on this low-key car camping trip to Los Padres National Forest with The Great Outdoors, who will host a guided hike on Saturday morning and a tea ceremony at 4 p.m. Mt. Pinos' summit sits at an elevation of more than 8,000 feet, so it’s bound to be a welcome cool breeze of relief from the L.A. heat.
'The Princess Bride' with Cary Elwes
Westley/The Man in Black himself will be at this screening of the much-beloved kids' movie The Princess Bride — and really adults too, who are we kidding? I saw Elwes do a similar screening and Q&A many years ago and can vouch for the fun stories he told then about making the cult classic that I'm sure he will happily regale new audiences with as well. Is it even possible to be in a bad mood after watching this movie? Inconceivable!
Gracias Madre 10th Anniversary
West Hollywood plant-based hotspot Gracias Madre is celebrating its 10th anniversary with a special event, where guests will enjoy exclusive dishes that appeared on their first menu 10 years ago (along with pricing from their original menu), drinks, and live entertainment. Tickets to the event include two Purista Margaritas.
Philz Coffee Calabasas Day of Community
San Francisco coffee chain Philz Coffee is hosting a community event at their Calabasas outpost with coffee and pastry samples, a tote bag giveaway and embroidery (with purchase), flowers from @carolasfloraldesigns, cotton candy from @thejollysheep, and free custom Philz stickers.
626 Night Market: Orange County
626 Night Market heads south for a full three nights of food, entertainment, shopping and more. More than 250 vendors participate, so come hungry and take your time wandering and exploring all the options, from boba to burgers, udon to ube, and everything in between. It’s the last 626 Night Market of the year in California, so get down there!
LAist is part of Southern California Public Radio, a member-supported public media network.