Tina Thorpe / ABC Disney

Fall time is prime TV time. Yes, even in the age of streaming. Now that we’re no longer restricted by standard linear network TV schedules, TV shows are introduced and return with new seasons all through the year beyond they key time periods. But fall is still usually the time when more shows than usual pop up. As the summer winds down, it’s also a time for more relaxation after a busy season of activities, and in preparation of the onslaught of the holiday season to come.
If you’re looking for a good show to curl up with this fall, we have some great ideas. There are five Hulu shows that are perfect to stream in the fall for a variety of reasons. From light procedurals to a scary thriller in time for Halloween, these all fit the bill.
When you’re done here, check out the best new shows to stream this week, as well as the best shows on Netflix, best shows on Hulu, best shows on Amazon Prime Video, and best shows on Disney+.
The Love Boat for a new generation, Doctor Odyssey has all the elements you expect in a great medical drama, except it takes the story to the seas. The plot of the latest Ryan Murphy show centers around Dr. Max Bankman (Joshua Jackson), a doctor hired to work aboard a luxury cruise ship. He’s initially met with skepticism from the two veteran nurses, Avery (Phillipa Soo) and Tristan (Sean Teale). But they soon become an unstoppable, albeit dysfunctional, team. The ship’s captain, Robert Massey (Rebel Ridge‘s Don Johnson), has high standards and won’t accept anything less. As the show progresses, Max learns that he might not know everything, and doctoring on a cruise ship has a unique set of challenges.
Each episode follows the antics aboard the ship, centered around the cruise ship’s themed weekly events, from guests treating themselves after plastic surgery to singles week. Inevitably, there are illnesses, accidents, and mysterious ailments to treat as guests throw caution to the wind to make the most of their vacations. The show is off to a rocky start in terms of reviews (admittedly, so was The Love Boat), but viewership numbers are soaring, according to ABC. The likable cast combined with the eclectic mix of guest stars in every episode, from Rachel Dratch and Shania Twain to Gina Gershon and John Stamos, make every episode more enticing than the last.
Stream Doctor Odyssey on Hulu.
Niecy Nash-Betts impressed in Dahmer – Monster: The Jeffrey Dahmer Story, earning an Emmy Award for her emotionally charged role. She’s just as captivating in this series, yet another hailing from Ryan Murphy. Her character in Grotesquerie is Lois Tryon, a detective working with a local nun to try and uncover a mystery involving murders that keep occurring in the community.
Marking footballer Travis Kelce’s acting debut, Grotesquerie also stars Courtney B. Vance, Nicholas Alexander Chavez (who had his breakout role in Monsters: The Lyle and Erik Menendez Story), and Leslie Manville. With the first season finale airing on October 30, 2024, the horror drama is a perfect show to watch week-to-week, or you can wait and binge the entire thing on Halloween night.
Stream Grotesquerie on Hulu.
Looking for something light, fluffy, and procedural? Like the Amazon Prime Video hit Reacher, Tracker is based on a popular novel, this time by Jefferey Deaver, called The Never Game. The action drama stars Justin Hartley (This is Us) as Colter Shaw, a skilled survivalist who uses his talents to seek out missing persons for reward money. Working as a nomad with a remote team who helps him find cases and search for clues, Colter is a no-fear, doesn’t-play-by-the-rules type of pseudo-detective. Every episode deals with a different case, each one more unbelievable than the next. There’s quite a bit of action to go along with compelling and creative stories about individuals who have mysteriously vanished.
Tracker also follows an overarching story throughout that focuses on the mystery behind Colter’s father’s death and the secrets he held. With Jensen Ackles joining the cast as Colter’s estranged older brother Russell Shaw, fans are excited to see where the stories go for season 2, which premieres this month.
Stream Tracker on Hulu. 
Streaming its sixth and final season this fall, What We Do in the Shadows has earned 29 Emmy nominations through its run, including Outstanding Comedy Series three times. The comedy horror mockumentary fantasy series focuses on vampire characters in a way you’ve never seen. They are living among humans and dealing with typical, daily mundane challenges while also trying to balance supernatural threats. Each has their own quirks, from Nandor the Relentless (Kayvan Novak), a 760-year-old vampire who is naïve to the modern world and proclaims himself the group’s leader, to Nadja of Antipaxos (Natasia Demetriou), who manages a vampire nightclub.
In our season 3 review of the series, Digital Trends’ reviewer lauded the continued fresh twists, intriguing new characters, and “unexpected paths for its recurring characters to take.” Created by Jemaine Clement (Flight of the Conchords) and based on the movie of the same name developed in partnership with Taika Waititi, What We Do in the Shadows is probably one of the best shows you haven’t watched yet. Its solid 98% Rotten Tomatoes critics score after five seasons speaks volume.
Stream What We Do in the Shadows on Hulu.
One of the most endearing shows of this decade, Only Murders in the Building has a deeply lovable cast and delivers a fun, modern take on the murder mystery genre. Steve Martin, Martin Short, and Selena Gomez are three residents of a swanky Upper West Side apartment building in New York. The unlikely trio have one thing in common: they’re all obsessed with true crime podcasts. When a man is murdered in their building, they get involved and eventually devise their own podcast to follow the breadcrumbs. As their luck (or misfortune) would have it, murders keep happening again and again. Each time, the trio finds themselves caught up in the messes, but also integral to solving them.
Only Murders in the Building’s fourth season is streaming now, and is set to conclude on October 29 (it’s already been renewed for a fifth season). With the list of recurring and guest stars getting better every season, including everyone from Meryl Steep to Paul Rudd, Zach Galifianakis, Eugene Levy, and Da’Vine Joy Randolph, the show continues to remain fresh and exciting. But guest stars aside, it’s the hilarious chemistry among the three leads that leaves you wanting more.
Stream Only Murders in the Building on Hulu. 
Spring has fully sprung, but for some reason, our list of the best movies to stream on Netflix, Hulu, Prime Video, Max (HBO), and other services is in the doldrums between an electric March and the summer blockbuster season. But, as they say, the show must go on! The first update of May doesn't have the same punch as March updates that included Oscar winners like Anora, A Complete Unknown, and Wicked, but it does have a couple of intriguing options.
May kicks off with just three new additions: Steven Soderbergh's spy thriller, Black Bag; the post-apocalyptic musical, The End; and a sequel to Blake Lively and Anna Kendrick's vehicle, A Simple Favor.
This week, four films land on this list, including the Nicole Kidman erotic drama Babygirl and the Netflix Original crime thriller Havoc, starring Tom Hardy and Forrest Whitaker. Read on for the best new movies to stream this week.
We also have guides to the best movies on Netflix, the best movies on Hulu, the best movies on Amazon Prime Video, the best movies on Max, and the best movies on Disney+.
Peacock
The Oscars are coming this Sunday, March 2. In honor of cinema's version of Super Bowl Sunday, two of our picks for the three great Hulu movies that you need to stream this weekend are Oscar-nominated films from decades ago. The catch is that neither of those movies will be available on Hulu until March 1.
In the meantime, you can catch our first pick of the week, the acclaimed drama Ghostlight, on Hulu right now. It may not have been Oscar-nominated, but this was one of the best films of 2024.
Need more recommendations? We also have guides to the best movies on Netflix, the best movies on Hulu, the best movies on Amazon Prime Video, the best movies on Max, and the best movies on Disney+.
Ghostlight (2024)
How do you make the most out of your Amazon Prime subscription? One way is to take advantage of the great content you have on Amazon Prime Video. This includes both movies and TV shows. You can even subscribe to Amazon Prime Video on its own if you don't need the fast and free shipping that comes with Amazon Prime. Amazon Prime Video has a wide selection of shows, including both originals and classics. With some content, however, you need an add-on subscription. It can be frustrating to come across these titles you can't watch without paying extra. That's why we have put together this list of the content you don't need to fork over any more dough to watch.
This list of the best shows on Amazon Prime Video right now not only reflects the top series in all genres, from new additions like The Bondsman with Kevin Bacon to old classics like Three's Company, but it's also limited to only titles you can access with your base subscription. You're welcome.
Need more recommendations? Then check out the best new shows to stream this week, as well as the best shows on Netflix, best shows on Hulu, the best shows on Max, and best shows on Disney+.
		The Bondsman (2025)	
Upgrade your lifestyleDigital Trends helps readers keep tabs on the fast-paced world of tech with all the latest news, fun product reviews, insightful editorials, and one-of-a-kind sneak peeks.