There's long been rumours of tension between Selena Gomez and Hailey Bieber, but the former has previously encouraged fans to show "kindness" to her ex's wife.
Selena, now 32, took to social media just last year to inform her followers that Hailey, now 27 - who's married to Selena's ex Justin Bieber, 30 - had been in touch with her due to "receiving death threats" amidst speculation of a feud.
Sharing a message on her Instagram Story, Selena said at the time: "Hailey Bieber reached out to me and let me know that she has been receiving death threats and such hateful negativity."
She continued by stating her opposition to online vitriol: "This isn't what I stand for. No one should have to experience hate or bullying." Selena then implored her fanbase to spread kindness, posting: "I've always advocated for kindness and really want this all to stop."
Alleged drama surrounding Selena and Hailey had caused quite a stir on social media at the time, with the latter accused of mocking her husband's ex-partner. Justin was also criticised, with fans calling him "petty" and "childish" on social media.
A clip of Hailey mocking Selena's pal Taylor Swift resurfaced on TikTok too, leading to Selena's supportive response: "So sorry, my best friend is and continues to be one of the best in the game." Since then, Selena's fans have come out in full force, branding Hailey a "mean girl" and subjecting her to trolling.
Hailey faced a barrage of criticism on an Instagram update at the time, where she was branded "fake" in a comment, whilst someone commented: "Ctrl+alt+delete."
Kylie Jenner, who's friends with Hailey, also sparked rumours of tension with Selena in a post about eyebrows. Selena turned heads on TikTok in March last year, debuting feathered brows with the caption: "I accidentally laminated my brows too much."
Not long after, Kylie posted a photo of her own eyebrows on Instagram Story, writing: "This was an accident ?????" It sparked rumours that she was poking fun at Selena.
Kylie then shared a screenshot of a FaceTime call featuring Hailey Bieber just hours later. They both showcased their eyebrows up close - and fans were quick to interpret this as another jab at Selena's expense. Yet, Kylie shut down the claim.
She responded to comments by writing: "This is reaching. No shade towards Selena ever and I didn't see her eyebrow posts. You guys are making something out of nothing. This is silly." Echoing the sentiment, Selena weighed in herself, commenting: "It's all unnecessary. I'm a fan of Kylie's."
The previous year, Hailey - who is now expecting a baby with her husband - had said about Selena: "[She] doesn't owe me anything, neither of us owe each other anything except respect. I respect her a lot. I respect her, there's no drama personally."
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.