Selena Gomez walks the red carpet during the MTV Video Music Awards on Sept. 12, 2023, at the Prudential Center in Newark, New Jersey. Matt Smith | For NJ Advance Media
After three commercial albums, 9 Billboard top 10 hits, and one No. 1 single, Selena Gomez says she may never tour again.
She said while “nothing makes (her) happier,” than spending 90 minutes with her fans, when on tour “you realize you’re just surrounded by a bunch of people that you’re paying.”
“It is very emotionally draining for me,” Gomez, 31, told TIME.
In 2016, Gomez pulled out of her last worldwide tour for her Revival album, citing anxiety and depression as side effects from lupus as the cause, TIME reports.
She says now she’s “50-50″ on whether she’ll ever go on a major tour again, according to TIME.
“It’s a cliché, but girls are mean,” said Gomez. “I don’t know where I’m meant to belong.”
Selena Gomez walks the red carpet during the MTV Video Music Awards on Sept. 12, 2023, at the Prudential Center in Newark, New Jersey. Matt Smith | For NJ Advance Media
Gomez said she “love(s) having levelheaded people around that couldn’t give two f***s about what I do,” and her best friends are a real estate agent, a producer and a casting director, TIME reports.
Gomez has been transparent about her mental health, disclosing her bipolar disorder diagnosis in April 2020 — just months before launching her beauty brand, Rare Beauty.
TIME points out, “When you’re as famous as Gomez is, your personal life becomes global fodder.”
The star shared with Rolling Stone in 2022, she suffered from suicidal ideation and had been to four treatment centers.
While Gomez has been vocal about her mental health online, she offered an even closer look into her mental health battles in her 2022 documentary, “My Mind and Me.”
According to TIME, Gomez is “trying to be present,” and “acting is one part of life that affords her the chance to be fully focused.”
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices