UPDATED, 8/14, 7:40 a.m. ET: "Slide," the opening track to Ye and Ty Dolla Sign's second Vultures album, has been given an official video.
As Tuesday turned to Wednesday, Ye and company rolled out the new video, which is listed as being directed by Ye and Aus Taylor. Notably, according to Taylor, the video was shot in 35 mm. 
See the full thing below.
UPDATED 8/8, 3:35 p.m. ET: Ye and Ty Dolla Sign have unleashed deluxe versions of Vultures 2. 
The artist formerly known as Kanye West announced the release via Instagram on Thursday, less than a week after he and Ty delivered the oft-delayed album. The updated versions include three bonus cuts: "Believer," "Gun to My Head" with Kid Cudi, and "Drunk" featuring Kodak Black and Bad Bunny. 
The new songs arrived shortly after Ye and Ty expanded their collaborative project with “TAKE OFF YOUR DRESS," which samples Talmadge Armstrong’s 2009 tune “Please Make It Good Again."
The Vultures 2 deluxe versions are available now for $5 at Yeezy.com. According to the website, customers will receive real-time song updates via email.
See the original story below.
After some delays, the artist formerly known as Kanye West and Ty Dolla Sign’s planned trilogy continues this week with the release of Vultures 2, the follow-up to the ¥$ duo’s Billboard 200-topping Vultures 1.
Listen to Vultures 2 via Apple Music, Spotify, and other streaming platforms. The project features appearances by Playboi Carti, Don Toliver, Young Thug, Kodak Black, Future, and Lil Wayne.
The inaugural Vultures saw the Playboi Carti and Rich the Kid-featuring "Carnival" become a breakout hit from the project, the release of which was complicated, at least somewhat, by alleged sampling permission issues. Prior to the album's streaming rollout, Ozzy Osbourne spoke out against the use of a live Black Sabbath riff in the track, although the officially released version swapped that turnaround out for a similar guitar bit from Ye's "Hell of a Life" off MBDTF.
As for Vultures trilogy plans, it was initially announced earlier this year that Ye and Ty would release one volume of new music per month for February, March, and April.
Of course, releasing full-length albums in such quick succession is not a strategy often employed by major artists. In a similar move 12 years ago, Rock & Roll Hall of Famers Green Day dropped three—¡Uno!, ¡Dos!, and ¡Tré!—across a four-month period. All three albums debuted within the top 15 of the Billboard 200, although their place in the larger discography of the hugely influential punk trio remains a source of debate among fans to this day.
Vultures 2 arrives on the heels of Ye previously sharing his remix of "Like That," the joint track from Metro Boomin and Future that featured Kendrick Lamar and kicked off the great rap wars of 2024. The song, which premiered on Justin LaBoy's The Download radio show, found Ye taking aim at his longtime foe Drake.
"It's a wrap for n***as/Where's Lucian, serve your master, n***a," he raps on the track, referring to Drizzy's reported $400 million contract with Universal Music Group. "You caught a little bag for your masters didn't ya/Lifetime deal, I feel bad for n***as."
The jab was in response to Drake's "Push Ups" track, in which he blasts Kendrick Lamar’s TDE record deal.
Later in the "Like That" remix verse, Ye called out J. Cole: "Y'all so out of sight, out of mind," he raps. "I can't even think of a Drake line/Play J. Cole, get the pussy dry."
The 24-time Grammy winner spoke about the remix during his sit-down with LaBoy, explaining why he injected himself into the Drake vs. K.Dot feud.
“Pluto called me up, he called me I went to the studio that night, we went through the creative process,” Ye said in April. "Everybody was very, very excited about the elimination of Drake."
He continued: “It cuts Drake’s soul…it’s like Drake signed his soul to the devil to not be cool with me. This is his job to go against God.”
music | BY Trace William Cowen
Ozzy Osbourne Doubles Down on Calling Out 'Antisemite' Kanye West After Uncleared "Iron Man" Sample
music | BY Alex Ocho
Kanye West & Ty Dolla Sign’s ‘Vultures 1’ Tops Billboard 200 for Second Consecutive Week
music | BY Joe Price
Kanye West Criticized for Hitler-Praising Alex Jones Interview, Gets Suspended From Twitter (UPDATE)
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.