Eagle eyed Kylie Jenner fans believe they've spotted that the reality star has been shaded by former lover Travis Scott.
Rapper and songwriter Travis Scott features on a new track by Playboi Carti, where he appears to make a sly dig at the mum of two and claims she's "doin' Ozempic". Fans have rushed to Reddit, where they've speculated over whether the lines are in fact aimed at his former girlfriend Kylie. The couple share two children, five-year-old daughter Stormi and 22-month-old son Aire, who they continue to co-parent after splitting up in January last year.
Travis' lyrics in the track Backroom with Playboi Carti say: "She doin' Ozempic, tryna be different, tryna be a newer woman". Fans have speculated that Travis is hinting at Kylie, who is well documented for her curves and figure, using Ozempic.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US .
READ MORE: Kylie Jenner fans spot her cosying up to boyfriend Timothée Chalamet at family party
Ozempic, known generically as semaglutide, was approved in 2017 by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for use in adults with type 2 diabetes. Ozempic is a weekly injection that helps lower blood sugar by helping the pancreas make more insulin, but has become commonly used as an appetite suppressant and a weight loss injection over the past 12 months.
Writing on social media, one fan commented: "Not the ozempic shade", whilst another responded: "imagine getting shaded for taking ozempic by your trashy ex-boyfriend and deadbeat criminal baby daddy who killed 10 people. this is so embarassing."
Another shared: "Trash song and trash guy, but oooof. He called her straight tf out. How would you even recover?! The Ozempic comment too, dayuuuum." One fan leapt to Kylie's defence as they branded the move as "not cool": "Gross. That’s the mother of his children (if it is indeed about her), who will read/hear this one day. Not cool." Another simply summed up their thoughts as they wrote: "And THIS kids is why you never date an artist. Life is their inspo and you will be featured. lol". Kylie has never said she takes Ozempic.
The lyrics from Travis come as Kylie and new beau Timothée Chalamet have found their romance going from strength to strength in recent weeks. The pair have been busy spending time together around his busy promotional schedule for new movie Wonka, with Kylie making sure she has been there to support him.
Fans saw Kylie make a low key appearance at both the London and Los Angeles premieres of his new movie and now it's been reported that she is "very proud" of him for his glittering Hollywood career. The couple appear to have formed a mutual appreciation of one another's success with an insider admitting that Timothee "admires" Kylie's "strong work ethic" alongside how she balances motherhood with her career raising children.
The Mirror has contacted Kylie Jenner and Travis Scott representatives respectively for comment.
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.