"That's what you wanted to win over Killer Mike?" the podcast host quipped.

													By
												

	Rania Aniftos


	Joe Budden was not feeling Travis Scott and Playboi Carti’s Grammy performance on Sunday (Feb. 4).

	“What the f— is Travis and his man doing up here?” he said in the most recent episode of his eponymous podcast. “Hey, you two bozos! Get the f— off the stage when n—-s got beautiful women and tuxedos on, honestly. You up there smashing s—. You got the nerve.”

	He continued, “All that s— look different when it ain’t a thousand little white kids jumping up and down. When there are grown people here, all that ‘FE!N, FE!N, FE!N,’ that’s what you wanted to win over Killer Mike? You’re f—ing stupid! You bring your man out, Playboi Carti [and] the crowd just stays silent. Playboi Carti looked confused like, ‘Y’all don’t know who I am?’ No, n—-! You got a f—ing mask on.





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Playboi Carti		
					






















	
		
					Travis Scott		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	Earlier in the night, Scott’s Utopia was in contention for best rap album alongside Drake and 21 Savage’s Her Loss, Nas’ King Disease III, Metro Boomin’ Heroes and Villians. Killer Mike’s Michael took home the night’s honor, confusing the 10-time Grammy nominee, who later scurried to X and posted a raised eyebrow emoji. Scott’s Utopia enjoyed a monstrous 2023, rocketing to No. 1 on the Billboard 200 with 496,000 album-equivalent units, becoming the rapper’s third chart-topper. 

	










	Watch Budden’s full podcast episode here.


			Trending on Billboard		





Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.