Rob49, Lil Wayne, Fivio Foreign, Meek Mill, Latto, Hus KingPin, Offset, Slum Village, and Project Pat also unleash new heat.

	Today is Friday, which means there are a ton of new releases to look forward to from some of your favorite Hip-Hop artists. To help you unwind and enjoy the weekend, check out VIBE’s picks of songs and albums you should hear and add to your soundtrack of weekend festivities.

Playboi Carti’s “EvilJ0rdan” is the first hot release since his batch of single dropped in December 2023. On the heavily bass-boosted track packed with spaceship command center-like synths, the Atlanta enigma pays homage to a woman he’s met that monitors his drug use. “I think she’s a playmaker, she should be on my team,” he croons. It’s another offering where his lyrics are much easier to decipher than previous releases and it works to his advantage. But overall and in true Carti fashion, there is plenty here to vibe and dance to. The only question is: when is the album dropping?! – Armon Sadler























	Related Story
	



	
		
					Kendrick Lamar Called "Hypocrite" For Performing With "Deadbeat" Playboi Carti After Dissing Drake		
			







Nicki Minaj and Future have delivered a rear-shaking, strip club anthem in “Press Play.” The Atlanta superstar immediately shouts out the big and little booty women before getting into his verse, which serves as yet another reminder of Future’s often underrated rapping. He gets some bars off about his crew being armed and down to get violent, but for the most part, it’s just a big flex to attract the ladies. Minaj jumps in next and matches his energy, employing her signature vocal inflections and fusing seamlessly with the uptempo production. “Press Play” is arguably one of the best songs on Pink Friday 2 and could find itself organically becoming a hit over time. – AS

	Though Joey Bada$$’ presence on Power Book III: Raising Kanan may be missed, his absence has given him the opportunity to get back to what he’s best at: deliver slick couplets over jazzy compositions. “Passports & Suitcases,” the Brooklyn native’s first release since his fictional characters eulogization, finds him paired up with Grammy Award-winner KayCyy, who compliments Joey’s breezy rhyme spill with smoothed out vocals. Produced by boysarerolling and featuring a sample of Alex Isley’s 2020 single “Good & Plenty,” “Passports & Suitcases” is a dreamy offering that promotes excursions in the name of leisure and romance, vowing guidance and companionship. – Preezy Brown











Rob49 and Lil Wayne linked up for the frantic “Wassam Baby.” The record plays like a race against time, with speedy hi-hats and elements that feel like they would play as a video game counts down. Standing at just over two minutes, its emanated feeling makes sense. The New Orleans rappers deliver great verses with Weezy F Baby’s adding to his notable run of guest verses over the last few years. Given the lingo used in the title, it’s clear that the track is geared towards NOLA natives. Nonetheless, it can be equally enjoyed by all for the impressive lyricism and its undeniable mettle of the production. – AS

Fivio Foreign and Meek Mill’s “Same 24” may admittedly catch listeners off guard. The two excel at high-energy, rapid raps but they opt for something more pensive with its slow, soulful production. The Brooklyn drill rapper gets very introspective, recounting his come-up despite having disloyal friends, women who aren’t trustworthy, and “opps” along the way. “To walk a mile in my feet you have to steal shoes,” Foreign spits. He sounds very tired of the naysayers but acknowledges he has the same 24 hours as everyone else to achieve what he wants, despite those trying to tear him down. Meek follows suit in his verse, where he asserts to his mother that they won’t be poor, recounts his drug-selling past, and reminisces how his family didn’t understand is rap journey of becoming a star. It’s an impressive lyrical display from both of them and a nice change of pace from their standard offerings. – AS

	After ending 2023 on a high note with their respective year-end music releases, Hus KingPin and 9th Wonder locked in for The Supergoat, a collaborative project that matches Hus’ steely lyricism with 9th’s soul-laden backdrops. The proceedings kick off with “Rewind,” where Hus prances atop high-pitched keys and measured drum loops while spinning a tale of a femme fatale who meets her demise due to her illicit dealings.

	










	On the album’s titular track, Hus KingPin gets intricate, rapping, “My legacy that’s dirty weaponry, my pen play is marksman/ And I don’t kill rappers, I only kill squadrons” amid vocal wails. “The Waviest” also finds the New York spitter flexing opulence over an elegant soundscape. Featuring guest appearances by Roscoe P. Coldchain, Fredro Starr, Mu$, SmooVth and Sweata, The Supergoat is an admirable effort from Hus and 9th Wonder and continues their individual streaks of high-powered collaborative efforts. – PB

Anycia and Latto’s “Back Outside” feels like a true arena anthem. The production is huge, blending trombones with boisterous drums and synths. Plus, Anycia’s endearing, yet raspy vocals command respect. She’s got a cool, calm, collected flow and, and when it’s time for her verse, Latto comes in throwing haymakers. It’s unclear whether she is throwing more shots at her peers, especially with a supposed brewing beef with Ice Spice, but she gets off some big flexes nonetheless. “I am real a** bi**h, can’t fold/ I don’t even do my own laundry,” she spits. Anycia tapped the right person for a feature, as she continues building her momentum. With her current career trajectory, she could go from reminding people that she’s “Back Outside” to a rising star sooner than people may think. – AS

	All “Requests” are shunned in favor of the necessary, as Slum Village provides what listeners need on the veteran group’s latest salvo. Produced by Young RJ, this pulsating number finds RJ and partner-in-rhyme T3 separating themselves from the runner-ups. They insist their return is far from a comeback while volleying lyrics back and forth in succession. A follow-up to Slum Village’s previous release “Just Like You,” “Request” includes appearances from fellow Motor City emcee Earlly Mac, as well as British Hip-Hop ensemble Abstract Orchestra. And with their upcoming album FUN—their first in over eight years, there’s a good chance we’ll get a few more appetizers before the full entree is presented. – PB











	New music collective 1999 WRITE THE FUTURE unleashed their latest single “SLOPES,” which finds producer 88rising pairing Offset with Indonesian spitter Warren Hue. Coming off the heels of the Rick Ross and Rich Brian-assisted single “LiGhT rAiLs,” this braggadocious thumperfinds Hue stepping to the forefront with melodic flows, while Offset plays an effective, yet complimentary role with a timely couplets of his own. With the debut album from 1999 WRITE THE FUTURE slated for later this year, “SLOPES” is sure to drum up an increase in anticipation for its arrival and continue 88 and RCA’s ongoing and enticing one-offs. – PB

	Memphis legend Project Pat ends his hiatus with his new single “Hundred Million,” which finds him basking in his evolution from street king to a man of means. Rapping over a jittery backdrop produced by Ljay Currie and DJ Monday, Pat drops a verse recounting his days as a drug merchant and thief. “Pills, used to deal ’em, started off stealing/ Not from England, but my best mate was squealing,” the 50-year-old rhymes on the track, where he boasts about his criminal exploits and ability to make a living wage from his skills as a showman. Consisting of one lone verse, “Hundred Million” marks the Hypnotize Minds member’s first release since appearing on Drake’s Certified Lover Boy track “Knife Talk” more than two years ago. What a pleasant surprise. – PB
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.