Ken Carson owned Coachella 2024.
Over the Indio, CA’s festival’s two weekends, the rapidly rising 24-year-old Hip-Hop star lit up the stage with a pair of electrifying sets.
If you missed them, that’s no problem; Carson might be headed to a venue near you soon.
From early July through late August, the “Yale” rapper is slated to rev up audiences all over the U.S. and Canada as part of the ‘Chaos World Tour,’ in support of his recently released 2023 album “A Great Chaos.”
That includes three back-to-back-to-back gigs at New York City’s Terminal 5 on Aug. 20-22.
And if you want to see Ken Carson live, tickets are available for all 38 U.S. and Canada shows on his tour calendar.
At the time of publication, prices start at $48 before fees on Vivid Seats.
All other shows have tickets starting anywhere from $56 to $144 before fees.
Curious how much it will cost to see Carson at a concert close to you this summer?
You’re in the right place, Hip-Hop heads.
We’ve got everything you need to know and more about Ken Carson’s ‘Chaos World Tour’ below.
All prices listed above are subject to fluctuation.
A complete calendar including all tour dates, venues and links to the cheapest tickets available can be found here:
(Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are in US dollars, subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.)
Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. 
They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event.
The day before Carson dropped his third studio album “A Great Chaos,” he performed a 30-song set at Brooklyn’s SILO.
Here’s everything he brought to his fans that night, according to Set List FM.
01.) “Fighting My Demons”02.) “Vampire Hour”03.) “Succubus”04.) “Singapore”05.) “Hardcore”06.) “Lose It”07.) “Jennifer’s Body”08.) “Me N My Kup”09.) “It’s Over”10.) “Overtime”11.) “Rockstar Lifestyle”12.) “Green Room”13.) “Pots”14.) “Nightcore”15.) “Nightcore 2”16.) “Paranoid”17.) “i need u”18.) “Freestyle 2”19.) “Go”20.) “Stop Breathing” (Playboi Carti cover)21.) “Rockstar Made” (Playboi Carti cover)22.) “FE!N” (Travis Scott cover)23.) “Fighting My Demons” (Played Again)24.) “Jennifer’s Body” (Played Again)25.) “Overtime” (Played Again)26.) “if looks could kill” (Destroy Lonely cover)27.) “MDMA” (with Destroy Lonely)28.) “money & sex” (Destroy Lonely cover)29.) “Pots” (Played Again)30.) “Hardcore” (Played Again)
On Oct. 13, Carson released his third studio album “A Great Chaos.”
Comprised of 18 tracks and featuring guest verses from Lil Uzi Vert and Destroy Lonely, the record is a fast, frenetic jolt of energy with its stop-and-start electronic beats and effortless flow.
Standout tracks include the reverb-heavy “Succubus,” sonically adventurous “Pots” and lead single “i need u.”
Haven’t heard the record yet?
You can find “A Great Chaos” here.
If you’re a Hip-Hop fan, you’re in luck.
Many of the biggest acts around will be on the road all year long.
Here are just five of our favorites you won’t want to miss live.
• A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie
• Future x Metro Boomin
• 21 Savage
• Gunna
• Schoolboy Q
Who else is on the road? Check out our list of the 50 biggest concert tours in 2024 to find out.
This article was written by Matt Levy, New York Post live events reporter. Levy stays up-to-date on all the latest tour announcements from your favorite musical artists and comedians, as well as Broadway openings, sporting events and more live shows – and finds great ticket prices online. Since he started his tenure at the Post in 2022, Levy has reviewed a Bruce Springsteen concert and interviewed Melissa Villaseñor of SNL fame, to name a few. Please note that deals can expire, and all prices are subject to change