Juice WRLD, Ferg, Baby Kia, Eminem, Loe Shimmy, Terrace Martin, N3WYRKLA and more also unleash new heat.

	Today is Friday, which means there are a ton of new releases to look forward to from some of your favorite Hip-Hop artists. To help you unwind and enjoy the weekend, check out VIBE’s picks of songs and albums you should hear and add to your soundtrack of weekend festivities.

	At last, Playboi Carti has released an official single for his forthcoming album. “All Red” immediately displayed his influence and affinity for Future. They sound like vocal twins but are distinguished by Carti’s signature murmurs. In terms of production and the feeling it gives off, it is high energy. It is the type of track someone wants to hear on payday or headed to the club. Carti keep the people waiting a long time and though this isn’t a groundbreaking, catalog defining cut, it is quite good. The only issue is if and when he will follow it up, how long the fans will wait, and if he has anything better in store. – Armon Sadler























	Related Story
	



	
		
					Kendrick Lamar Called "Hypocrite" For Performing With "Deadbeat" Playboi Carti After Dissing Drake		
			







	Detroit rapper Babyface Ray’s new album, The Kid That Did, reaffirms his reputation for delivering smooth, 808-driven soundscapes paired with his signature nonchalant flows. Building on his proven formula, Ray’s latest project is anchored by standout singles like “Wavy Navy University” featuring Veeze, “Rubberband Man,” and the Bossman Dlow-assisted “Count Money.” The album further shines with a range of impressive guest appearances from G-Herbo, Hunxho, DJ ESCO, King Hendricks, Doughboy Clay, Peezy, Moxie Knox, Rexx Lif Raj, and Samuel Shabazz. With The Kid That Did, Babyface Ray continues to be a reliable force in hip-hop, consistently meeting and exceeding listener expectation. – Preezy Brown

Fat Joe, Anitta, and DJ Khaled came together for one of the most feel good rap songs of the year in “Paradise.” It’s feel like a while since we had the male rapper, woman singer dynamic on a big record so they restored the feeling here. It’s loaded with Miami Beach energy, synths that sound like they’d be behind a drive down a boardwalk in Grand Theft Auto Vice City, and a simple hook. Joe still excels at making these lively, energy, women-focused bops. And Anitta’s silky vocals are the icing on the hot, lusty cake. Everyone wins here, from the head-bopping men to the twerking ladies. – AS

	










	Nearly five years after his tragic passing, Juice WRLD’s musical talents remain on full display via posthumous releases, the latest being a two-song EP that includes a solo offering and an unearthed collaboration. On “World Tour (Aquafina),” the Illinois native goes global amid declarations of his love for guns and drugs, whereas “Lightyears” finds him colliding with incarcerated rap star Young Thug for a twangy offering with a vibe that’s a bit more languid. – PB

Ferg’s “Off White Rozay” is a welcome blast from the past. He taps Ron Browz for production and DJ Webstar for his classic tag on a track that sounds like something people would get lite to in 2010. Ferg’s simple verse structure and animated vocals create a very strong dance record; it often feels like people create music to party to but not party music, and there is a huge distinction here. Ferg and Browz incorporate specific sonic elements and chants to signal to all the real steppers that this is the song for them. It will be interesting to see if this lands well with people. – AS

Baby Kia’s “Gloves & Dracs (Black AF1s)” is enjoyable for multiple reasons. First, the musicality oozes through the production; it sounds like there is a flute or trumpet used as the base for the beat, and then everything is built around it. This allows for the feeling of the beat eventually dropping and the song hitting a major climax; only it stays at this consistent level. Still, despite the calmness of it all, Baby Kia raps with aggression and his opps and violence. In other situations, this may create an unpleasant musical clash; however, here, it works quite well for a three-minute runtime. – AS

	2024 can’t be considered a comeback for Eminem, as he’s remained fairly consistent on the musical tip, but is certainly a resurgence. Boosting his approval rating among rap fans with his The Death of Slim Shady album, Eminem spins the block with a deluxe version, continuing his coup de grace with an “expanded mourner’s edition” for good measure. Tacking on a new skit and three new tracks, including collaborations with WESTSIDE BOOGIE and GRIP (“Fuel – Shady Edition”), and the 2 Chainz guested closer “Kyrie & Luka,” Eminem gives fans a welcome stimulus package, all the while taking a few shots at a certain alleged Diddler in the process. – PB











Loe Shimmy’s “Mafia Bidnezzz” is a decent effort. Production-wise, it is strong. There’s a consistent drum pattern, hi-hats, and smooth synths. It would be enjoyable in any setting. The issue comes in his voice and delivery. His signature croak doesn’t mesh well with the frantic nature of the beat. It is also somewhat unintelligible, leaving the listener with no highlight lines or bars to walk away from the song with. “Mafia Bidnezzz” had the makings of a hit, but faltered in the most important area. It is a solid record nonetheless and his core fans will more than likely appreciate it. – AS

	Terrace Martin’s latest album, Nintindo Soul, continues his streak of sleek, genre-defying releases. True to his reputation as both a musical maestro and curator, Martin blends an array of styles and influences with effortless precision. This album features a stellar lineup of guest artists, including Arin Ray, 9th Wonder, JasonMartin, Malaya, Buddy, Elena Pinderhughes, 808vic, Cautious Clay, 24KGoldn, and Preston Harris. With its seamless pairings and sophisticated sound, Nintindo Soul is a testament to Martin’s talent for crafting deeply engaging, cohesive projects that are as plush as they are sonically refined. – PB

N3WYRKLA is back with her new single “Mind Now,” following the buzz from her hit track “CH3RRY.” This time, she steps into the role of Skilla Baby’s “other woman,” delivering a powerful plea for him to choose between her and his current girlfriend. The song’s lyrics cut deep with lines like, “Gotta make your mind now, It’s me / She don’t even know that you playin’,” capturing the drama and intensity of the situation. The accompanying video showcases N3WYRKLA holding court while embracing her pop diva side with dynamic choreography and a high-energy performance, scoring her and mentor Timbaland another thumper to make the listeners take note. – PB











Stream/Purchase here.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.