Playboi Carti and Travis Scott are kicking off 2024 with new music. You can watch the video for "BACKR00MS" below.
Both rappers took to their social media accounts on Monday to announce the new release with a short video of British artist Blackhaine yelling, “New music, Carti, Travis Scott, dropping [expletive] today.” If you’re wondering why Blackhaine looks familiar, it’s because he helped Carti make the announcement for “H00DBYAIR” in December.
The teaser includes a timestamp for 9:30 p.m. but doesn’t specify the correct time zone.
Hints about new music from Carti were dropped as recently as Saturday when producer F1lthy suggested on X (formerly known as Twitter) that new material could be on the way.
The rappers have previously worked together on 2017's "Green & Purple," 2018’s “Love Hurts,” and most recently with “FE!N” off of Scott’s Utopia album.
Scott, sans Carti, performed “FE!N” during the Tulsa, Oklahoma stop of his Circus Maximus Tour a whopping ten times, and has reportedly continued this trend at other stops on the tour since, including his New York City shows at Madison Square Garden, and Barclays Center in Brooklyn.
“Man, I have the best fans in the world and I go off the energy they give me, and they were wild that night, and so I just got even wilder," said Scott on a recent episode of The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon.
music | BY Mark Elibert
Travis Scott's Cactus Jack Foundation Gives 1,000 Families 3,000 Toys and 25,000 Pounds of Food at 4th Annual Winter Wonderland Holiday Giveback Event
music | BY Jaelani Turner-Williams
Iggy Azalea Responds to Playboi Carti Documentary Featuring Son Onyx: 'Can Fit Damn Near Every Visit Into Just One Video'
music | BY Jaelani Turner-Williams
Travis Scott on Why He Played "FE!N" Multiple Times in a Row at Recent Show
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.