By 

	Tomás Mier


	Is Playboi Carti postponing his Antagonist tour… again?

	As of last week, Carti was slated to commence his tour across North America beginning on Jan. 14 in Salt Lake City — but on Monday, Rolling Stone confirmed the run of shows for his scheduled tour were now marked as “TBD” on both Carti’s website and on Ticketmaster where tickets are still available for purchase.

	Neither reps for Playboi Carti nor his openers Ken Carson and Destroy Lonely immediately responded to Rolling Stone‘s requests for comment on the changing of the tour dates. 

	It’s unclear whether Carti will still hit the road, but he was set to perform through North America throughout late January and February, with stops in cities including New York, Atlanta, Los Angeles, and Seattle.

	The confusion surrounding his tour dates comes five months after the musician postponed his shows from fall 2023 to winter and spring 2024. 

	Carti has been no stranger to delays and speculation, including with his last release, 2020’s Whole Lotta Red, which contributed to the rapper’s mysterious lore among his rabidly online fanbase. 

	










	Carti’s promotional schedule for his next project, rumored to be titled I Am Music, has been both traditional — releasing singles and videos ahead of the album — and extremely online, relying solely on social media. 





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Elon Musk: It Is ‘Outrageous’ to ‘Claim That I’m a Nazi’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Toby Keith's Horse Raced in the Kentucky Derby: How Did Render Judgment Do?		
	








	Two of the songs are only available on the relatively obscure Instagram page for Carti’s label, and the other two on YouTube, far from the new music playlist dominance of traditional streaming platforms. 

	Last week, he officially released “Backr00ms” alongside Travis Scott alongside a lo-fi video. When asked by XXL last year what he’d name his upcoming record last spring, he responded: “Music because that’s all it is at this point.”
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.