Photo: Kenneth Dapaah for Rolling Loud
Playboi Carti debuted some new music during his triumphant return to Rolling Loud Miami. On Sunday night, December 15, the Opium founder closed out the final night of the biggest rap festival in the world with a fiery performance on the main stage. Carti opened his set with two unreleased tracks including "Crush" featuring Travis Scott and a rock-based track that appears to sample the guitar riff from Ashanti's "Only U." At the end of his set, Carti debuted two more unreleased tracks including "Drugs Got Me Numb" and "Lie" featuring The Weeknd. 
During his performance, the Atlanta native served up a mixture of other fresh tracks like "H00DBYAIR," "KETAMINE" and "EVILJORDAN" as well as fan favorites like "2024" and "Carnival." It was the moment loyal Playboi Carti fans had been waiting for. The 29-year-old rapper spent the past three years teasing his third studio album I AM MUSIC. Carti ramped up the album rollout in 2024 by sharing more hints about the project and dropping several songs via social media. Carti announced his plans to perform new music a few weeks before his set at Rolling Loud. "It’s very important to me because I feel like I have something to prove," Carti told Numero Berlin last year. "I’m just excited, you know? This is my moment, this is the one for me."
Playboi Carti debuting new music was the final surprise of Rolling Loud weekend. Prior to Carti's set, Lil Baby hit the stage for a lengthy set full of his hits. Midway through, he brought out 42 Dugg to perform "We Paid." Shortly afterward, Baby invited the UK's Central Cee to the stage to deliver "Band4Band" together for the first time. Denzel Curry also shut down the main stage by bringing his hits off King of the Mischievous South to life. He brought out special guests like TiaCorine and A$AP Ferg to perform "Hot One." Later on, he invited Lazer Dim 700 and Bktherula on stage for a special performance of "Still In The Paint." Plenty of other notable moments went down on the third day of Rolling Loud Miami. The festival began with a historic set by DJ Five Venoms and his friends on the main stage. Recording artists Jon Keith, GAWVI, and Alex Jean of Rodney "Darkchild" Jerkins' Alienz Alive joined forces with rappers Caleb Gordon, Hulvey, and nobigdyl to host the first-ever Christian Hip-Hop set at Rolling Loud. A few hours later, Shaboozey made his grand debut at the festival and performed his smash hit "A Bar Song (Tipsy)." Fans at the GoPuff Stage got to enjoy performances from Maxo Kream, Lay Bankz, BLP Kosher, Real Boston Richey, Fridayy, BigXThaPlug, Polo G and more. Bryson Tiller closed out the night with hits like "Sorry Not Sorry," "Wild Thoughts" and "Whatever She Wants." He also brought out Swae Lee, who performed a couple of his notable tracks like "No Type" and "Unforgettable." Check out more unforgettable moments from the final day of Rolling Loud Miami below.