By CHIKAMSO CHUKWUENYEM FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  12:16, 21 September 2024   |  Updated:  12:17, 21 September 2024   
 12
View  comments
Camila Cabello showed off her impressive moves in a racy black leather look as she took to the stage on the first night of the iHeartRadio Music Festival in Las Vegas on Friday.
The Hot Uptown singer, 27, looked fantastic in a black leather high-collared jacket and matching skirt.
Camila's outfit was covered in silver crucifixes and chains and on her skirt, she wore a black belt with silver studs. 
She teamed her on-stage outfit with funky fur-covered boots as she put on an energetic performance for the crowds in attendance. 
Also performing at this year's two-day festival, hosted by Ryan Seacrest, are the likes of Coldplay, Dua Lipa, The Weeknd, Gwen Stefani, Paramore and Hozier.
Camila Cabello, 27, showed off her impressive moves in a racy black leather look as she took to the stage on the first night of the iHeartRadio Music Festival in Las Vegas on Friday 
The Hot Uptown singer looked fantastic in a black leather high-collared jacket and skirt
Camila's outfit was covered in silver crucifixes and chains and on her skirt, she wore a black belt with silver studs 
Camila performed songs from her fourth studio album, C,XOXO, which she released in June.
C,XOXO saw the debut of an edgier look and style for the star, blonde hair and racier outfits, and dabbling in new genres, and was her first album post-Epic Records.
Released with Interscope, C,XOXO featured vocals from Drake, Lil Nas X, JT, Yung Miami, Playboi Carti, and uncredited vocals from PinkPantheress.
It failed to match the success of any of her previous albums - Camila (2018), Romance (2019), and Familia (2022) - continuing the trend of decreasing sales for Camila.
On September 11, Camila revealed she had gone back to black hair when she made a sizzling appearance at the MTV Video Music Awards in New York.
She is a natural brunette who had black hair when she first shot to fame as a member of the girl group Fifth Harmony.
 Camila experimented with going platinum blonde - but since this red carpet, she has been back to dark hair.
She was nominated for two awards but won neither. 
She teamed her on-stage outfit with funky fur-covered boots as she put on an energetic performance for the crowds in attendance. 
Also performing at this year's two-day festival, hosted by Ryan Seacrest, are the likes of Coldplay, Dua Lipa, The Weeknd, Gwen Stefani, (pictured) Paramore, Shaboozey, and Hozier
Camila smiled as her dancers singers matched her moves in distressed outfits
Camila performed songs from her fourth studio album, C,XOXO, which she released in June
C,XOXO saw the debut of an edgier look and style for the star, blonde hair and racier outfits, and dabbling in new genres, and was her first album post-Epic Records
Released with Interscope, C,XOXO featured vocals from Drake, Lil Nas X, JT, Yung Miami, Playboi Carti, and uncredited vocals from PinkPantheress
It failed to match the success of any of her previous albums - Camila (2018), Romance (2019), and Familia (2022) - continuing the trend of decreasing sales for Camila
Backstage, Camila pulled a funny face and made a heart with her fingers 
She shot to fame in 2012 at just 15 years old as one-fifth of girl group Fifth Harmony
With Fifth Harmony, Camila sold 33 million copies of albums and singles and alone she has sold 38.5 
Dua Lipa, Gwen Stefani and Camila stole the show when they graced the red carpet of the Festival on Friday.
Dua, 29, turned heads in a barely-there black dress with a plunging neckline and a daring thigh-high slit, with a silver chainmail bra underneath. 
Gwen, 54, brought glam in a chic white fringe ensemble, pairing it with a fur-trimmed jacket for added flair.
Not to be outdone, Camila stunned in a skintight sheer ombre gown, rounding out a star-studded event.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group