By 

	Larisha Paul


	The BET Hip Hop Awards will present Travis Scott with the annual I Am Hip Hop Award. The honor is presented to artists who have made significant cultural and creative impacts on the genre. The 2024 BET Hip Hop Awards will premiere on Tuesday, Oct. 15.

	“Travis Scott is a visionary artist who continues to push the boundaries of music, culture, and live performance,” Connie Orlando, EVP, Specials, Music Programming & Music Strategy, shared in a statement. “With his unmatched creativity and relentless passion, he has redefined what it means to be a captivating, inspiring entertainer within the hip hop genre. We look forward to celebrating him at BET Hip Hop Awards 2024.”

	Scott has a total of six BET Hip Hop Awards this year including Best Hip-Hop Video for “Type Shit” with Future, Metro Boomin, and Playboi Carti as well as Best Collaboration for “At the Party” with Kid Cudi and Pharrell Williams. The rapper is also nominated for Best Live Performer and Video Director of the Year alongside Dave Meyers. His Playboi Carti collaboration “FE!N” is up for Song of the Year, and his album Utopia is nominated for Hip-Hop Album of the Year.

	











	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	








Utopia arrived in July 2023, marking the Houston artist’s first full-length solo release since Astroworld was released in 2018. “Utopia is something that people feel is so far-fetched and out of reach, some perfect state of mind. But you create it yourself,” he said at the time. “There are people who achieve Utopia every day. They may not be the richest people with the dopest cribs, but it’s a utopia wherever they are, and that’s the most you can have.”

	Scott added: “With every album I live in these worlds in my mind — I’m trying to show people experiences where utopian things can exist, and you can enjoy yourself and have a good time. They can create energy that spews out magical things — new cures, new buildings, new avenues for people to move forward. People need to see that Utopia is real.”
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.