AllHipHop
AllHipHop
21 Savage wondered why he didn’t get paid for his time on Adin Ross’ streaming platform while Playboi Carti did.

Since 1998, AllHipHop.com has pioneered delivering Hip-Hop news. Get our daily email for exclusive, breaking news, and weekly digests, all curated for the true Hip-Hop enthusiast. Stay connected and informed with the heartbeat of Hip-Hop culture. Subscribe now!

Since 1998, AllHipHop.com has pioneered delivering Hip-Hop news. Get our daily email for exclusive, breaking news, and weekly digests, all curated for the true Hip-Hop enthusiast. Stay connected and informed with the heartbeat of Hip-Hop culture. Subscribe now!
Playboi Carti’s bizarre appearance on an Adin Ross livestream made 21 Savage raise questions due to Carti’s alleged compensation. 21 Savage asked why he wasn’t paid for his recent appearance on Ross’ streaming channel after finding out Carti was supposedly paid $2 million on Monday (February 5).
21 Savage called Ross during a livestream and their conversation quickly turned to Carti. Ross was initially hesitant to discuss what happened over the phone before explaining it at the behest of his viewers.
“Carti came on today, OK,” Ross said. “He came, he was like two hours late. And I got him some money because [livestreaming service] Kick wanted to f### with him and s###. He came for six minutes, nodded his head like five times and then left.”
21 Savage said he would watch what happened and call Ross back. The Slaughter Gang rapper called back after learning about the alleged $2 million payment, which Ross denied paying. 
“Bro, $2 million, bro,” 21 Savage said. “Bro, why the f### you ain’t pay me? That’s crazy, bro. I ain’t gon’ lie, bro. I ain’t gon’ lie, bro, that’s f##### up. Bruh, $2 million for six minutes, bro? Bro, you paid for six minutes. I just seen you give him a bag of cash. We gotta have a talk when I see you, bro. I’m not gon’ lie, bro.”
21 Savage previously upset Ross’ fans, who accused him of cheating the streamer out of money in a card game. The Epic Records artist capitalized on the allegations by selling dice and playing cards on his online store. 
Ross told 21 Savage the audience forgave the rapper following the debacle with Carti. The Billboard chart-topper encouraged Ross to tell viewers the dice and playing cards sold out. Both items are scheduled to ship on April 26.
Copyright © 2025 AllHipHop.com LLC 2025-Infinity