Iggy Azalea has shared some candid insights into her co-parenting journey with Playboi Carti and how motherhood has reshaped her life. The 34-year-old “Fancy” rapper welcomed her son, Onyx, in 2020, and though she and Playboi Carti split later that year, her experiences and priorities have evolved significantly since becoming a mother.
In a new interview on the Dinner’s On Me podcast, Iggy made a revealing statement about the true nature of her co-parenting situation with Playboi Carti. “I’m very much a single mother. I’m very much the only parent, no disrespect, but yes, I am not co-parenting really, and that’s just the reality of it,” she said, via People. “It’s one, it’s 24/7.”
Being a single parent has significantly altered Iggy’s outlook and priorities. She explained how her approach to life and work changed after Onyx’s arrival. “I no longer want to be traveling around everywhere. I want to take my son to school. I want him to have memories with me and give him that time,” she emphasized, highlighting the shift from her globe-trotting lifestyle to a more settled and grounded existence.
Drawing inspiration from her own childhood, Iggy spoke about the impact her mother had on her success. “I owe my success in large part to my mother because she spent so much time with me and she just really gassed me up and made me think I was a superwoman genius, dancer extraordinaire, painter extraordinaire, chef, whatever it was,” she said. “And it’s important to me, even when my son’s only 4, that I know I’m there, instilling that confidence in him and just helping guide him.”
Iggy also reflected on her experiences touring with Onyx, revealing that she once brought him along but eventually decided it was time to end that chapter. “It was time for that to end,” she said, indicating her desire to provide a more stable environment for her son.
The rapper’s journey into motherhood has not only transformed her personal life but also influenced her professional decisions. With a focus on being present for Onyx and creating lasting memories, Iggy is committed to balancing her career and parenting responsibilities.
By: Michelle |
July 26, 2024

in ENTERTAINMENT, Featured Post, GOSSIP, LIFESTYLE, MUSIC  
Popstar! Magazine brings you the latest in celebrity, entertainment and lifestyle news from around the world. Now in our 21st year, we continue to set the standard in the ever evolving field of millennial entertainment. We pride ourselves on being your number one source for accurate information about the topics you care about, including entertainment, beauty, fashion, health, wellbeing and news. Popstar! provides high quality videos for you to binge watch and we now offer a completely free digital bonus magazine that goes in depth to provide exclusive celebrity stories that you won’t find anywhere else. Popstar’s radio station provides you with tomorrow’s pop, rock and hip-hop hits, today. Streaming music and talk radio 24/7!
Connect with Popstar! on social media to stay up to date with all of the latest news and share your feedback. We would love to hear from you!