Playboi Carti, Erykah Badu, André 3000 and Tyler himself are among those set to perform
The 2024 line-up for Tyler, the Creator‘s Camp Flog Gnaw has been revealed, including headliners Playboi Carti, Erykah Badu, André 3000 and Tyler himself.
The 10th edition of the carnival will take place at Los Angeles’ Dodger Stadium on November 16-17. Tickets for the festival were initially put on sale in June, without any news as to who would be performing. Passes promptly sold out and fans have since been awaiting the reveal of the line-up.
Now, Tyler The Creator has revealed – via a crossword puzzle shared to fans –that the two-day event will feature performances from André 3000, Kaytranada, Playboi Carti, Sexyy Red, Vince Staples, Omar Apollo, Faye Webster, Doechii, RAYE, and more.
There will also be a special tribute performance to the late MF DOOM, who died in 2020. It will mark the first time the special, titled FM MOOD, is played outside of the late rapper’s estate.
See the full lineup below:
A post shared by Camp Flog Gnaw Carnival (@campfloggnaw)
The festival’s last edition took place in 2023, following a four-year break. Artists that performed included SZA, Turnstile, PinkPantheress, Clipse, Kevin Abstract and Paris Texas.
Prior to that, the 2019 line-up included Solange, FKA twigs, Brockhampton and others. An unnamed, surprise headliner was teased in advance and a rumour began to circulate that Frank Ocean would perform. However, Drake ended up being the surprise performer and was eventually booed off stage.
In other Tyler, The Creator news, the artist recently announced his seventh studio album ‘CHROMAKOPIA’ – set for release on October 28 via Columbia. You can pre-order the LP here.
A day prior to revealing the upcoming LP, Tyler dropped an eerie video titled ‘St. Chroma’. Daniel Caesar later shared that he was singing the song’s chorus, writing on Instagram Stories: “Did some vocals on this, very proud. Can’t wait for you all to hear the whole record.”
The album marks the ‘See You Again’ rapper’s first new music since his 2021 LP ‘Call Me If You Get Lost‘.
In a four-star review of Tyler, The Creator’s 2021 album ‘Call Me If You Get Lost’, NME wrote: “The record stands as an all-encompassing culmination of Tyler’s ever-varying sound, showing that growth isn’t always linear and that artists can be a multitude of things.
“On ‘Call Me…’, Tyler cements his place as a generational talent, one in fine form and continuing to push the boundaries of his vision and kaleidoscopic sound.”
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.