AllHipHop
AllHipHop
Based on the video footage of the encounter, the man involved in the incident appeared to initiate the verbal assault by criticizing Ye for being inauthentic to his race.

Since 1998, AllHipHop.com has pioneered delivering Hip-Hop news. Get our daily email for exclusive, breaking news, and weekly digests, all curated for the true Hip-Hop enthusiast. Stay connected and informed with the heartbeat of Hip-Hop culture. Subscribe now!

Since 1998, AllHipHop.com has pioneered delivering Hip-Hop news. Get our daily email for exclusive, breaking news, and weekly digests, all curated for the true Hip-Hop enthusiast. Stay connected and informed with the heartbeat of Hip-Hop culture. Subscribe now!
Kanye West and his wife Bianca Censori were accosted by a homeless man in Los Angeles over the weekend. On Sunday (January 21), TMZ revealed West and Censori were involved in an altercation with an unidentified male during a shopping trip at trendy hotspot Melrose Place. According to the report, the aggressor targeted the couple as they were walking through a parking lot to their Range Rover. Based on the video footage of the encounter, the man involved in the incident appeared to initiate the verbal assault by criticizing Ye for being inauthentic to his race.
”Guess what?” he said in part. “I am the real homie. You got no chance. Look at you trying to copy the white boy so f###ing bad. You ain’t s##t boy just know that.” 
As the man continued to verbally attack the couple, he also takes a shot at Ye’s close collaborator Playboi Carti.
“He think he so smart, so new, so nifty! You ain’t s##t boy. Playboi Carti too, that’s a lil f### boi. I am a God homie. Lucifer homie.”
The gentleman proceeded to walk in front of Ye’s SUV and block his path as he continued to shout and direct Satanic slurs toward the couple’s direction before retreating on his own. At one point, he said he’d been homeless for 12 years. Watch the clip above. 
Copyright © 2025 AllHipHop.com LLC 2025-Infinity