It looks like Iggy Azalea is throwing some shade at Playboi Carti, the father of their son, in a new vampiric ad for Unreal Mobile.
Azalea is the co-founder and creative director of Unreal Mobile and, in a new commercial for the brand, she seemingly used Carti’s goth-inspired aesthetic to have a little fun — at his expense.
In the spot, Iggy is a phone operator for Unreal Mobile Hotline and receives a phone call from a vampire that’s been forced to drink "unreal" blood instead of the real thing. It doesn’t take a rocket scientist to figure out that this vampire looks a lot like Carti — down to the contacts and facial piercings.
If there’s any doubt that this character shares similarities with Carti, he even talks with the rapper’s signature baby voice. He also says “What!” like Carti’s iconic adlib.
Azalea and Carti haven’t been seeing eye to eye for a while. Last December when a mini-doc, titled Dear 0, appeared online and featured Carti hanging out with the son they share, son Onyx, Azalea — who’s claimed that she’s Onyx’s “only parent” — suggested that the rapper rarely sees his son.
"Its [sic] cool how you can fit damn near every visit into just one video," she wrote. "Talented!"
On Emily Ratajkowski’s podcast High Low with EmRata last February, Azalea explained why she left Carti shortly after her son's birth.
“Like, right after I had my son, I left his father,” she said. “Something happened one day with my son’s father and me and it was just one of those moments where you’re just like, ‘I didn’t wake up thinking this is what my day would be.’ But by the end of the day, I was on a plane to Los Angeles and I never went back and that was the end of it.”
“Don’t get me wrong,” she continued. “We had a volatile relationship and you know that, you’re not an idiot. You know when something’s not working, I knew it wasn’t working. But I also just had a baby, it was COVID. There were a lot of things to navigate for me at that time and I didn’t think I’d be leaving when I left.”
music | BY Abel Shifferaw
Iggy Azalea Clears Up Parenting Comments Following Playboi Carti Split
music | BY Joshua Espinoza
Iggy Azalea Explains Why She Left 'Volatile' Playboi Carti Relationship
pop-culture | BY Joe Price
Iggy Azalea Makes Appearance on 'The Celebrity Dating Game'
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.