The Kidd Kraddick Morning Show

Time’s ‘2024 Person of The Year’… Chris Rock “stormed out”… The Knowles-Carter family attending the premiere… Jamie Foxx shared new details about his medical issue… and Taylor Swift handed out $197 million in bonuses
Straight from their website:  “Since 1927, TIME magazine has named a person, group, or concept that had the biggest impact — for good or for ill — on the world over the previous 12 months.” TIME will reveal its 2024 Person of the Year — “for good or for ill” — on the Today show this Thursday. They also gave the Today show their short list of 10 nominees, which are alphabetized by their last names:
Since 1927, TIME has named a person, group, or concept that had the biggest impact—for good or ill—on the world. See the shortlist for TIME's Person of the Year 2024: https://t.co/SzNi7g5aJn
When a billionaire throws a Christmas party, you want to be invited. Back in 1985, Australian Leon Pratt co-founded a paper and packaging company. His grandson Anthony Pratt now serves as the chairman of the company and he’s worth billions. (Thank you, granddaddy!) So Anthony threw a Christmas party this past weekend and surprised his guests with Chris Rock, who was supposed to entertain guests with a full set. According to Page Six, Chris wasn’t that far into his routine when he made a joke about the US, saying, “Our new push will be outer space. We’ll put all the Mexicans on the rockets.” Those Australians thought that was real funny. But then Chris seemed to notice something in the crowd that upset him, and he stormed off in a huff. According to a witness, Chris was shouting about how he “wasn’t supposed to be taped, videoed, recorded or whatever else wasn’t supposed to happen.” He never came back. So earlier than expected, Keith Urban took the stage and performed for a full 90 minutes. No word on whether he cared about being filmed.
Chris Rock “stormed out” of his comedy set at billionaire Anthony Pratt’s Christmas party after making a controversial joke: “Our new push will be outer space. We’ll put all the Mexicans on the rockets.”The situation escalated when Rock noticed someone recording him. He shouted… pic.twitter.com/YzeURWaIgS
We have no idea what conversations were had before they stepped out on that red carpet, but Jay-Z, Beyoncé, Blue Ivy and Tina Knowles were all smiles as they posed for paparazzi at the Hollywood premiere of Disney’s Mufasa: The Lion King.  Sources told The Post that there were rumors Jay-Z and Beyoncé weren’t going to attend, but actually changed their minds AFTER Jay-Z’s name was included in a lawsuit involving Diddy’s accusers. Back in October, Houston attorney Tony Buzbee filed a civil lawsuit on behalf of the alleged victims of Diddy and some of his celebrity friends, who weren’t named at the time. That lawsuit was amended over the weekend, naming Jay-Z as the A-list rapper who joined Diddy in the sexual assault of a 13-year-old at a 2000 VMA’s afterparty. Jay-Z says this “heinous” accusation was nothing more than blackmail  and that he and Beyoncé were going to have to sit down and explain all of this to their kids. But Jay-Z and Beyoncé presented a united front last night, smiling from ear to ear and stepping aside to let 12-year-old Blue Ivy have a solo moment on the red carpet.
Beyoncé, Jay Z, Tina Knowles and Blue Ivy on the red carpet together at the #Mufasa premiere pic.twitter.com/cVe08mqON9
Jamie Foxx: What Had Happened Was… is out today. He finally addressed his mysterious illness, and no — Diddy didn’t drug him. Those two guys were lying. Jamie was filming Back in Action in Atlanta last year when he had what his daughter Corinne told us was a “medical complication.” Jamie now reveals, “April 11, I was having a bad headache and I asked my boy for an aspirin. And I realized quickly that when you’re in a medical emergency, your boys don’t know what the (BLANK) to do….Before I could get the aspirin I went out. I don’t remember 20 days.” Jamie went on to say that doctors told his family he had a brain bleed that led to a stroke, and that without emergency surgery, he would die. When Jamie woke up 20 days later, he was in a wheelchair. He was ultimately flown to Chicago for rehab. And you can hear the rest of the detail on his special, which is streaming now on Netflix.
WHAT HAD HAPPENED WAS – Midnight tonight on @netflix Thank you all for the love & prayers pic.twitter.com/WkY5rbuUQx
It started in March of 2023 and ended this past Sunday. Taylor Swift’s Eras Tour has become the highest-grossing music tour in history, shattering all records and grossing more than $2B.  Now it’s being reported that Taylor has given out more than $197M in bonuses to those who helped make this tour happen. That includes her band, dancers, choreographers, hair and makeup artists, wardrobe stylists, lighting, sound, and pyro techs, carpenters, truck drivers, caterers, merch table operators, security….pretty much EVERYBODY who had something to do with this tour over the past 21 months!
Taylor Swift handed out $197 million in bonuses to the crew and dancers who worked on The Eras Tour. That figure means almost 10% of the tour’s $2 billion gross was put back into bonuses for team members.https://t.co/hkGBmG08aQ

The Kidd Kraddick Morning Show