Source: FOX / Getty
Beyoncé continues to show her unwavering support for the Black community, making headlines with a major move at the Bill Pickett Rodeo circuit in Atlanta. The Queen Bey dropped a jaw-dropping donation, and it’s all for a cause close to her heart. Read more about how Beyoncé’s helping Black cowboy culture inside.
The acclaimed entertainer gave a hefty $500k contribution to the newly-established Black Equestrians Program. The program is a groundbreaking initiative aimed at empowering Black cowboys and cowgirls across the nation. Partnering with the longest-running Black rodeo association, this program is the first of its kind, shining a spotlight on the rich culture and history of Black equestrians.
Beyoncé’s donation will directly fund the Black Equestrians Program, providing much-needed financial support and resources to Black horse riders, ranchers, and those who work tirelessly to preserve this vital cultural legacy. This initiative is more than just a nod to history—it’s a bold step toward ensuring that the contributions of Black cowboys are recognized and celebrated for generations to come.
This move aligns perfectly with the Houston singer’s Cowboy Carter era, where she’s been embracing her country roots and highlighting the often-overlooked influence of Black people in country music and cowboy culture. Beyoncé’s influence has popularized the culture that has been around for ages. Fans and retailers are flocking to cowboy hats, boots and gone rodeo crazy thanks to Beyoncé’s impactful contributions to the culture. With this donation, she’s not only giving back but also ensuring that the legacy of Black cowboys continues to thrive.
Once again, Beyoncé proves she’s not just about making hits—she’s about making history.
Yeehaw, Queen Bey! We love to see it.

Related Tags


									Let's Get It: Jeezy Announces The 'TM:101 Live' Tour, A Black Tie Symphonic Experience								

									A Soul-Infused Celebration: Charlie Wilson, Babyface, K-Ci Hailey & El DeBarge Join Forces For The 'Uncle Charlie's R&B Cookout' Tour								

									Tina Knowles Reveals Beyoncé Chose Between Jay-Z & Another Man								

									Samira Wiley Won’t Return For 'The Handmaid’s Tale' Sequel								

									Malia & Sasha Obama Step Out In Style For Destin Conrad’s Listening								

									Blue Ivy & Rumi Steal The Show At The Cowboy Carter Tour Opening Night								

									Serving Family, Faith & Fashion: Keke Palmer & Kandi Burruss Amongst Celebrities Who Celebrated Easter This Year [Gallery]								

									Beyonce nude pictures naked video sextape								

						This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and
						Terms of Service apply.
						

					We care about your data. See our privacy policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.