By 

	Brittany Spanos


	When Donna Summer was recording her album I Remember Yesterday, she wanted each song to evoke a different decade. “I Feel Love” was meant to represent the future of music, and as time has gone on, that idea has become a prophecy.

	Co-produced by Giorgio Moroder and Peter Bellotte, “I Feel Love” is a hypnotic, ethereal piece of synth music. Based around the Moog synthesizer, the only part of the song not played by a machine is the kick drum. Above that iconic loop, Summer gives a dreamy vocal performance completely unlike what was expected of disco singers at the time.

	The 1977 song would end up being a huge hit and become one of Summer’s signature songs. It has also left an incomparable mark on music that still lingers to this day. From the house and techno movement to pop and R&B, Summer’s song opened new doors. It’s still wildly beloved and popular to this day as well: Beyoncé paid homage to Summer’s contributions to dance music by interpolating the track on her Renaissance cut “Summer Renaissance.” The single and Summer herself have become the de facto representatives of the bygone disco era and its iconic clubs, like Studio 54, as well.

	










	On this week’s episode of Rolling Stone’s 500 Greatest Songs, hosts Rob Sheffield and Brittany Spanos celebrate Summer’s massive impact on pop, R&B, electronic music and beyond, with “I Feel Love.” The hosts are joined by Bruce Sudano, Summer’s husband who began dating Summer around the time she recorded the song.

	In 2004, Rolling Stone launched its 500 Greatest Songs of All Time list. Tabulated from a massive vote that had artists, industry figures, and critics weighing in, the list has been a source of conversation, inspiration, and controversy for two decades. It’s one of the most popular, influential, and argued-over features the magazine has ever done.





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	









	
	
		
					Walton Goggins Shuts Down Interview Over Aimee Lou Wood Questions		
	








	So we set out to make it even bigger, better, and fresher. In 2021, we completely overhauled our 500 Songs list, with a whole new batch of voters from all over the music map. Rolling Stone’s 500 Greatest Songs takes a closer look at the entries on our list. Made in partnership with iHeart, Rolling Stone’s 500 Greatest Songs finds Brittany and Rob discussing a new song each week, delving into its history and impact with the help of a special guest — including fellow RS colleagues, producers, and the artists themselves. It’s our celebration of the greatest songs ever made — and a breakdown of what makes them so great.

	










	Check out the latest episode above, on iHeart, or wherever you get your podcasts, and look for new episodes every Wednesday.
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.