By ALESIA STANFORD FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  20:20, 13 April 2024   |  Updated:  20:48, 13 April 2024   
 84
View  comments
Beyoncé celebrated the success of her country album in a huge pictorial spread on social media Saturday. 
Act II: Cowboy Carter, which includes a contribution from the hitmaker's daughter Rumi, six, has made music history since its release March 29.
The singer and songwriter, 42, who is the first Black woman to have a number one country album, paid homage to woman who helped forge the way for her, wearing a black T-shirt with a photo of singer Linda Martell's Color Me Country album cover on it. 
The Linda Martell Show is one of the singles on the disc, and the namesake signaled her approval of the look on social media. 
The top was cinched at the waist and tied in the back to show off the Grammy winner's taut tummy.
Beyonce ́ celebrated the success of her country album, Act II: Country Carter in a huge pictorial spread on social media Saturday
She wore black, high waist knitted black shorts and over the knee black boots for the look. 
The fashion icon added some down home elegance donning a black, tan and orange plaid coat for the ensemble.
Her long, blonde hair was styled in loose curls and she wore camera ready makeup with a nude lip.
The Oscar nominee accessorized with layers of necklaces feature small precious stones and a pair of aviator style sunglasses with brown lenses, which complemented the warm tones in her complexion. 
'My Favorite Bey Album Ever! The amount of times I've listened to C.C. should be criminal!!!!!' wrote one exuberant fan in the comments. 
Another was anxious for her to take the show on the road.
'What about the tour announcement, miss B?' they wrote. 
One photo shows the wall of a record store covered with vinyl copies of Cowboy Country.
The hitmaker, 42, showcased her curves wearing a cinched black T-shirt, black knit shorts and over the knee boots as she visited a record store
The singer and songwriter paid homage to woman who helped forge the way for her. The,  black T-shirt featured a photo of singer Linda Martell's Color Me Country album cover on it
The Linda Martell Show is one of the singles on Cowboy Carter and Beyoncé collaborated with the singer on the song  Sweet * Honey * Buckiin' with Shaboozy
Beyoncé proudly picked up a copy and held it in her hands.
After reaching number one, the single Texas Hold 'Em is now number two on the Billboard Hot 100. The song also made history at the top of the Hot Country Songs.
Sixteen Carriages, which was released at the same time, debuted at number nine on the country charts and currently rests at number 38 on the Hot 100.
Other tracks from the album have become favorites of the public including II Most Wanted with Miley Cyrus in sixth place and Jolene in seventh, rounding out the top ten. 
'Wow, I just heard Jolene,' Dolly Parton 78, wrote on social media. 'Beyoncé is giving that girl some trouble and she deserves it! Love Dolly P' the songwriter penned after hearing the lyric modifications to the country standard.  
The single Levii's Jeans, has landed at number 16. The single has been a boon to the jeans maker. One week after Cowboy Carter's release, Levi Strauss & Co reported a 20-percent increase in foot traffic in its US stores, and enjoyed a 20-percent increase in its share price, according to Women's Wear Daily. 
The track Bodyguard, entered the charts at number 26, and Blackbird, the re-make of the Beatles' hit, featuring Tanner Adell, Brittney Spencer, Tiera Kennedy and Reyna Roberts is right behind it at number 27. 
Paul McCartney has praised Beyoncé's interpretation of the song.
'I am so happy with @beyonce’s version of my song Blackbird, the music legend wrote on Twitter. 
The hitmaker made history as the first Black woman to have a number one country album
Three tracks from Cowboy Carter are currently in the top 10 of the Billboard Hot 100; Texas Hold 'Em is at number 2, II Most Wanted with Miley Cyrus is number six and Jolene is number seven
The single Levii's Jeans, landed at number 16. The single has been a boon to the jeans maker. One week after Cowboy Carter's release, Levi Strauss & Co reported a 20-percent increase in foot traffic in its US stores, and enjoyed a 20-percent increase in its share price
Altogether, 18 tracks from the Cowboy Carter album are currently enjoying success on the Billboard Hot 100
'I think she does a magnificent version of it and it reinforces the civil rights message that inspired me to write the song in the first place. I think Beyoncé has done a fab version and would urge anyone who has not heard it yet to check it out. You are going to love it!'
American Requiem and Spaghetti are in 30th and 31st places respectively, followed closely by Daughter at 37 and Ya Ya at 39.
Protector featuring Rumi Carter is in 42nd place and Tyrant, the duet with Dolly Parton is number 44. Riverdance and Alligator Tears are at number 51 and 52. 
Just For Fun with Willie Jones is number 59 and II Hands II Heaven is right behind at number 60 with the Shaboozy and Linda Martell track, Sweet * Honey * Buckiin', at 61, Flamenco at 63 and  Desert Eagle at 65.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group