This duet will make you want new blue jeans.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

For those wondering where the rest of Beyoncé's Cowboy Carter visuals galloped off to, I come bearing good news: They're finally here, in the form of a vintage-inspired Levi's campaign.
Back on Sept. 23, it looked like a Beyoncé x Levi's clothing collaboration had been announced via instagram. Details were originally like water in the desert: scarce, but not impossible to find. By Sept. 30, we got the full picture: Beyoncé partnered with Levi's on photo and video campaign reimagining denim-on-denim outfits through a female lens.
“My song ‘LEVII’S JEANS’ celebrates what I believe is the ultimate Americana uniform — something we all wear with pride,” Beyoncé said in a press release. “I am honored to work with Levi’s to create quintessential American iconography."
Between buzzy collaborations like Kacey Musgraves's horse girl lineup for Reformation, the rodeo street stylings of stars like Bella Hadid, and the rise of ranch-ready denim trends throughout 2024—not to mention Beyoncé's own interpretations of Western dress—her timing for a Levi's campaign complete with a denim paisley manicure couldn't have been better. And who else to dream up the definitive cowgirl-inspired campaign than Mrs. Carter herself?
Read on for everything we've found out about the Beyoncé x Levi's collaboration campaign. Who knows? There may even eventually be a Renaissance Part II tour where you can wear it.
Beyoncé wears head-to-toe Levi's in a new campaign reimagining the label's iconic denim.
Word of the Beyoncé x Levi's collaboration arrived via a red illustration on the Levi's Instagram account, shared Sept. 23, 2024. The graphic shows the silhouette of a cowgirl on top of a horse—almost exactly like Beyoncé's pose on the Cowboy Carter cover.
"INTRODUCING: A New Chapter," Levi's captioned the post, which raked up more than 34,000 likes in a few hours. The brand tagged Beyoncé's account on the cowgirl's shirt. And...that was it!
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.
A post shared by Levi's (@levis)
A photo posted by on 
One day after the initial teaser post dropped, fans on X (formerly Twitter) caught in-person ads for the upcoming collaboration. A painted mural references a 1950s "Laundrette" ad by Levi's, with a note that it's "Reinvented with Beyoncé." The mural also features a close-up of a white T-shirt, belt, and jeans—perhaps hinting at what's to come. Spoiler: It was.
Beyoncé will be remaking Levi’s iconic “Laundrette” ad from the 1950’s, with her Cowboy Carter track “Levii’s Jeans” - dropping 30th September. #Laundrette pic.twitter.com/FcXVX7jwBASeptember 23, 2024
Beyoncé poses in her Levi's campaign.
“My song ‘LEVII’S JEANS’ celebrates what I believe is the ultimate Americana uniform—something we all wear with pride,” Beyoncé said in a press release. Her Levi's campaign also puts the most classic denim front-and-center, with some vintage-inspired twists.
Levi's shared that Beyoncé is fronting a series of video and photo campaigns that reinterpret some of the label's most recognizable ads from the twentieth century. First up, filmmaker Melina Matsoukas and cinematographer Marcell Rév updated the 1985 "Laudrette" campaign with Beyoncé at the fore. The Grammy-winner poses in the video and accompanying photos by Mason Poole in a denim cowboy hat, white T-shirt, and bootcut jeans (most likely styled by Shiona Turini, whom Beyoncé has worked with for several years).
Set in a wood-walled laundromat of yore, Beyoncé walks in and turns heads by filling a washing machine with diamonds—then stripping off her belt and denim to toss in after the gems. She then struts to the waiting area to finish the spin cycle in nothing but her white Levi's briefs and T-shirt. (You can watch the ad in its entirety below.)
The Beyoncé x Levi's collaboration campaign even included a denim-inspired manicure.
Beyoncé's first campaign outfit includes a white T-shirt, jeans, and a denim cowboy hat.
Going by the lyrics to "Levii's Jeans," fans had hoped for Beyoncé-approved denim in slim, body-hugging silhouettes to go on sale with her official collab. They'd even take a vintage hair scarf, like the bandana she wore in the Hamptons this summer, or chaps, like the set she wore on the Cowboy Carter vinyl cover. However, no dice this time around: Beyoncé x Levi's is more of a campaign for existing pieces than a sign of an entirely new collaboration. So far, the brand has not share that Beyoncé designed pieces for it.
Still, the photos are encouragement enough to pull on some painted-on jeans before your next Cowboy Carter listening party. Levi's even ID'd the exact pieces Beyoncé wears in the campaign, which you can shop below.
Halie LeSavage is the senior fashion and beauty news editor at Marie Claire, where she assigns, edits, and writes stories for both sections. Halie is an expert on runway trends, celebrity style, emerging fashion and beauty brands, and shopping (naturally). In over seven years as a professional journalist, Halie’s reporting has ranged from fashion week coverage spanning the Copenhagen, New York, Milan, and Paris markets, to profiles on industry insiders like celebrity stylist Molly Dickson, to breaking news stories on noteworthy brand collaborations and beauty product launches. (She can personally confirm that Bella Hadid’s Ôrebella perfume is worth the hype.) She has also written dozens of research-backed shopping guides to finding the best tote bags, ballet flats, and more. Most of all, Halie loves to explore what style trends—like the rise of emotional support accessories or TikTok’s 75 Hard Style Challenge—can say about culture writ large. She also justifies almost any purchase by saying it’s “for work.” 
Halie has previously held writer and editor roles at Glamour, Morning Brew, and Harper’s Bazaar. She has been cited as a fashion and beauty expert in The Cut, CNN Underscored, and Reuters, among other outlets, and appears in newsletters like Selleb and Self Checkout to provide shopping recommendations. In 2022, she earned the Hearst Spotlight Award for excellence and innovation in fashion journalism. She holds a Bachelor’s Degree in English from Harvard College. Outside of work, Halie is passionate about books, baking, and her miniature Bernedoodle, Dolly. For a behind-the-scenes look at her reporting, you can follow Halie on Instagram and TikTok.

Don't sleep on these warm weather staples.


Playwright Kimberly Belflower breaks down the significance of the Tony-nominated show's killer needle drops.


Four cup sizes down and a massive scar revision—all before 30.


The dress's previous owner has a lot to do with the first Monday in May...


It also comes from an insider-favorite Adidas collaborator.


I can't resist following their lead.


From her closet to our carts.


She changed them up slightly from song to song.


Here's exactly what to buy.


We can all learn something from her sophisticated styling.


It's chic in any zip code.


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.