NFL commissioner Roger Goodell said the league’s relationship with Jay-Z’s entertainment company, Roc Nation, won’t change amid allegations that the musician assaulted a then-13-year-old girl in 2000 alongside Sean "Diddy" Combs, who is battling a number of sexual assault lawsuits.
Jay-Z talks with NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell before Super Bowl LVII between the Kansas City ... More Chiefs and the Philadelphia Eagles at State Farm Stadium on February 12, 2023 in Glendale, Arizona.
An unnamed Alabama woman on Sunday added Shawn Carter, the rapper known as Jay-Z, to a federal lawsuit first filed in New York that says she was 13 years old in 2000 when she was invited to a Video Music Awards afterparty by an associate of Combs and later sexually assaulted.
The lawsuit, originally filed in October, claims she was allegedly served a drugged drink and repeatedly raped by Combs and another male celebrity—on Sunday named as Carter in a new court filing—while an unnamed female celebrity watched until she was able to escape.
The lawsuit says Carter was sent a letter requesting a mediation to resolve the claims when the case was first filed, but that he then orchestrated “a conspiracy of harassment, bullying and intimidation” in an attempt to “silence” the plaintiff, which ultimately inspired her to name him publicly.
In a statement issued Sunday, Carter denied the claims, calling the lawyer who filed the case a "deplorable human" and said his "heart and support goes out to true victims in the world."
On Monday, Carter’s attorney Alex Spiro filed paperwork asking a judge to force the anonymous accuser to reveal her true name or dismiss the case against him in a motion claiming, “Fair is fair.”
Spiro went on to argue in the motion that “Carter should not have to defend himself in the brightest of spotlights against an accuser who hides in complete darkness.”
Combs has repeatedly denied all sexual assault allegations filed against him.
Goodell said Wednesday the NFL was aware of civil allegations against Jay-Z, and the rapper’s response, but said, “from our standpoint our relationship is not changing with them, including our preparations for the next Super Bowl,” NBC News reported.
Roc Nation first partnered with the NFL in 2019 and has produced the Super Bowl halftime show and other musical performances since then—along with assisting in social justice work—and the pair extended the partnership in October.
Get Forbes Breaking News Text Alerts: We’re launching text message alerts so you'll always know the biggest stories shaping the day’s headlines. Text “Alerts” to (201) 335-0739 or sign up here: joinsubtext.com/forbes.
Carter, his wife Beyoncé, their 12-year-old daughter Blue Ivy Carter and Beyoncé’s mother Tina Knowles walked the red carpet together outside the Dolby Theater in Los Angeles Monday night for the premiere of “Mufasa: The Lion King.” The family reportedly did not speak to media and departed the red carpet quickly after posing for pictures. After the event, Beyoncé posted pictures of just her daughter to Instagram, praising her for doing “a beautiful job as the voice of Kiara” in the movie, adding, “Your family could not be prouder,” without mentioning her husband. The family’s appearance at the premiere sparked critical reactions on social media, including in the comments section of Beyoncé’s Instagram post. Rapper 50 Cent, a longtime critic of Combs and a producer of an upcoming documentary on his sexual assault allegations, mocked Carter in a now-deleted Instagram post that went viral on X. 50 Cent, whose real name is Curtis Jackson III, reportedly posted a photo of the Carter family posing for pictures at the premiere, writing in the caption: “Jay said they said I rapped a kid, everybody get dressed we going to see Mustafa [sic]
“My only heartbreak is for my family. My wife and I will have to sit our children down, one of whom is at the age where her friends will surely see the press and ask questions about the nature of these claims, and explain the cruelty and greed of people,” Carter said in a statement. “I mourn yet another loss of innocence. Children should not have to endure such at their young age. It is unfair to have to try to understand inexplicable degrees of malice meant to destroy families and human spirit.”
Jay-Z and Combs, two of the world's wealthiest rappers, have been musical collaborators for the better part of 30 years. They've been linked musically since Jay-Z appeared on Combs’ debut album, “No Way Out,” in 1997 and was then a guest performer on Combs’ No Way Out Tour. They've been photographed together at events like the 2020 pre-Grammy Awards Gala, together donated $1 million to Hurricane Katrina victims and, in 2015, discussed going into business together. Until being named in the lawsuit Sunday, Jay-Z had stayed quiet on Combs' arrest but rapper 50 Cent has publicly suggested Jay-Z could be linked to the extensive allegations against Combs, including in one post that said "Jay in hibernation he ain’t coming outside till this shit with puff blow over, no brunch, no lunch, No dinner. LOL."
Sean “Diddy” Combs has been hit with dozens of civil lawsuits from individual accusers and federal criminal charges from the government accusing him of sexual misconduct, racketeering and other crimes over the last year. The avalanche of allegations was kicked off last November after his former girlfriend, Cassie Ventura, filed a $30 million lawsuit accusing him of subjecting her to a years-long physically and emotionally abusive relationship. Combs denied the claims and the suit was settled the next day, but more followed. Dozens of civil lawsuits from women and men claiming they were sexually assaulted by Combs over the course of nearly three decades have since been filed, and in September he was arrested and charged federally with racketeering, sex trafficking and transportation to engage in prostitution, to which he has pleaded not guilty. He has been denied bail in the case three separate times and is currently being held at the Metropolitan Detention Center in Brooklyn. A trial date is set for May.
Jay-Z became hip-hop's first billionaire in 2019 and, since then, has doubled his fortune thanks to his lucrative liquor businesses. In 2021, giant LVMH purchased a 50% stake in his champagne empire Armand de Brignac, otherwise known as Ace of Spades, and he sold a majority of his stake in his cognac brand D'Usse to Bacardi in February 2023. His other assets include an extensive fine art collection, music catalog and shares in companies like Block and Uber. He's worth an estimated $2.5 billion today. Combs was once also on the path to becoming a billionaire due to his extensive music career, business ventures since unrealized plans to become a cannabis mogul. Forbes estimated Combs’ personal wealth at $740 million in 2019 (he and his team later claimed he was a billionaire, but offered no supporting evidence). Today, Forbes conservatively estimates he is worth $400 million.
One Community. Many Voices. Create a free account to share your thoughts. 
Our community is about connecting people through open and thoughtful conversations. We want our readers to share their views and exchange ideas and facts in a safe space.
In order to do so, please follow the posting rules in our site's Terms of Service.  We've summarized some of those key rules below. Simply put, keep it civil.
Your post will be rejected if we notice that it seems to contain:
User accounts will be blocked if we notice or believe that users are engaged in:
So, how can you be a power user?
Thanks for reading our community guidelines.  Please read the full list of posting rules found in our site's Terms of Service.