André 3000 also obtained a nomination for Album of the Year, with Rapsody also grabbing a nod for Best Rap Song.
Source: Timothy Norris / Getty
The list of the 2025 Grammy Awards nominees has been announced, and Kendrick Lamar and Beyoncé are among those with the highest amount.
Last Friday (Nov. 8), the Recording Academy announced the list of nominees for the 67th annual Grammy Awards. Beyoncé and Kendrick Lamar stood out among the nominated artists, respectively, for their groundbreaking work during the nomination period of September 2023 to August 2024. The reading of the nominees in each category was helmed by CBS Morning’s host Gayle King and comedian Jim Gaffigan, who were joined by previous Grammy winners, which include last year’s Best New Artist winner Victoria Monét, Mark Ronson, and Hayley Williams of Paramore.
 


					Related Stories
				





Beyoncé Fans Brawl In VIP Section After Opening Concert






Celebs Step Out In Their Finest ‘Cowboy Carter’ Tour Outfits






 

Blue Ivy & Rumi Steal The Show At The Cowboy Carter Tour Opening Night






The fierce beef between Kendrick Lamar and Drake will be publicly displayed once again as the Compton native’s hit song “Not Like Us” directed at his Canadian rival, was nominated for Song of the Year. It was also one of his two nominations for Best Rap Performance, the other being for his verse on “Like That” from Future and Metro Boomin. Kendrick Lamar has five total nominations, and Drake has none.
Beyoncé leads all artists with 11 nominations across the 94 categories for her Cowboy Carter album, which was released this year. The album primarily has nods in the pop and country music categories, and the number of nominations beats her previous record of 10, which she received in 2009. The nominations also made Beyoncé the most-nominated artist ever in the history of the Grammys, with 99 in total dating back to her first in 2003.
André 3000 has also been nominated for this year’s Grammys for his instrumental album New Blue Sun in the Album of the Year category. Other notable rap figures attaining nominations include Common and Pete Rock for The Auditorium Vol. 1 and Doechii for Alligator Bites Never Heal. Veteran MC Rapsody was also nominated for her song, “Asteroids,” from her critically acclaimed recent release, Please Don’t Cry. The 67th Grammy Awards will air Feb. 2, 2025.


Kendrick Lamar, Beyoncé Gain Gang Of 2025 Grammy Nods 
						was originally published on
						hiphopwired.com



									Savor the City								

									The Family Matters Cast Remembers The Life of Michelle Thomas								

									Activate								

									Fatal Attraction								

									For My Man								

									Beyoncé’s Cowboy Carter Tour Has Social Media In A Chokehold								

									Schedule								

									Featured Shows								

					We care about your data. See our privacy policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.