By POPPY ATKINSON GIBSON 
 Published:  11:16, 12 August 2024   |  Updated:  11:27, 12 August 2024   
 18
View  comments
Charli XCX showcased her natural beauty as she went make-up free to run errands on Monday.
The singer, 32, looked relaxed as she grabbed a coffee after visiting a salon for some pampering in Studio City, Los Angeles. 
The pop star, whose real name is Charlotte Aitchison, swept her long dark hair back into a slick low bun as she stepped out in a pair of ripped jeans. 
Charli went braless under her black cropped tank top and accesorised her look with a pair of black stiletto boots and a matching black clutch bag.
She held her phone in one hand and her iced coffee in the other as she walked out in to the sunshine. 
Charli XCX, 32, showcased her natural beauty as she went make-up free to run errands on Monday, sweeping her dark hair back into a slick low bun and flashing her toned abs 
Charli went braless under her black cropped tank top and accesorised her look with a pair of black stiletto boots and a matching black clutch bag as she sipped on an iced coffee
Charli has been enjoying a Brat Summer over the past few weeks as she has been spotted partying with famous pals as well as releasing collaborations with singer Billie Eilish
In another photo, the Apple singer added a pair of sunglasses to her look as she flashed her taught midriff in her low-slung jeans. 
Charli has been enjoying a Brat Summer over the past few weeks as she has been spotted partying with famous pals as well as releasing collaborations with the likes of singer Billie Eilish. 
On Thursday the singer was spotted grabbing breakfast wearing a layered ruffle midi skirt that flashed her thong underwear as she walked to her parked car.
The 365 hitmaker styled the Y2K-inspired skirt with a matching top with ruffled sleeves and black flip flop sandals.
Her wavy tresses were swept up in a claw clip and she shielded her eyes with designer shades.
Charli, who has been credited with starting the Brat movement, recently celebrated her 32nd birthday in style. 
The singer inadvertently sparked a trend defined by party animal antics and being unapologetically oneself with the release of her album which has taken Tiktok by storm. 
She kicked off her celebrations with a party at Tenant in LA on August 4. 
Charli recently celebrated her 32nd birthday in style, opting for a risqué pair of micro shorts and flashing a black bra through a fitted cut-out white T-shirt 
The singer put on a leggy display for the celebrations in a pair of black knee high boots and accessorised with a matching handbag and sunglasses as she posed with her towering cake
The star celebrated her birthday before announcing her collaboration with Billie Eilish for her song Guess which sent fans wild 
The singer opted for a risqué pair of micro shorts and flashed a black bra through a fitted cut-out white T-shirt which she teamed with the eye catching grey underwear.
Charli put on a leggy display for the celebrations in a pair of black knee high boots and accessorised with a matching handbag and sunglasses.
Charli was joined at the star-studded event by a number of pals including Anya Taylor-Joy who looked incredible in a black plunging gown.
The actress turned heads in the strappy figure hugging number which fell to the floor.
She added inches to her frame in a pair of towering heels and accessorised by layering two long gold necklaces.
Meanwhile Rosalia showed off her incredible figure in a daring black bralette and matching shorts.
The singer added some glamour to her ensemble with a pair of dazzling silver knee high boots and completed her look with a grey baseball cap.
Rosalia seemed in good spirits as she arrived carrying a large bouquet of flowers for the birthday girl.
Charli's sixth studio album Brat has won rave reviews, debuting as the 'most critically acclaimed record of the year' over Beyoncé's Cowboy Carter and Taylor's latest record
The new music video saw the pair climb a mountain of underwear, referencing the lyrics 'you want to guess the colour of my underwear'
Meanwhile Addison Rae put on a very leggy display in a pair of blue denim shorts and a colourful strappy tank top.
Leaving her long dark tresses loose, the actress and influencer donned a pair of stylish glasses as she arrived at the party.
Addison elevated her frame in a pair of towering black sandals and opted for a simple gold necklace.
The star celebrated her birthday before announcing her collaboration with Billie Eilish for her song Guess.
The new music video saw the pair climb a mountain of underwear, referencing the lyrics 'you want to guess the colour of my underwear'.
The duo's playful chemistry and provocative lyrics have sent fans into a frenzy, with Eilish — who's previously discussed her 'queer identity' - declaring at one point, 'Charli likes boys but she knows I'd hit it.'
Charli's sixth studio album debuted as the 'most critically acclaimed record of the year' surpassing Beyonce's latest album Cowboy Carter and Taylor Swift's The Tortured Poets Department. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group