WEATHER ALERT
Moriah Ballard, Digital Reporter
Published: July 23, 2024 at 3:18 PM
Updated: July 23, 2024 at 3:27 PM
Moriah Ballard, Digital Reporter
HOUSTON – Now THIS is a blast from the past.
This week, KPRC 2 is remembering the life and legacy of Congresswoman Sheila Jackson Lee, who passed away over the weekend after her battle with pancreatic cancer.
SEE ALSO: Congresswoman Sheila Jackson Lee passes away at 74
The congresswoman was 74 at the time of her death, leaving a community to recover from the loss.
While searching through old files and looking for a rainbow after storms, KPRC 2′s Moriah Ballard stumbled upon two clips of the congresswoman that have hardly ever been seen before.
Hold your breath, this is good stuff!
SEE ALSO: ‘She was brave:’ Sheila Jackson Lee’s staff remember her work and commitment
In the first video, the congresswoman was searching for some young, fun teenagers who would help push out information about the then-inaugural Safe Haven Law. The Safe Haven Law, passed by the Texas Legislature, was enacted to protect parents who safely surrendered their newborn infants at fire stations and hospital emergency rooms. Texas was the first state to adopt such legislation, with ‘Baby Moses’ laws later enacted nationwide.
The video aired on KPRC 2 as part of our broadcast on December 21, 1999. A public education campaign about the new law was led by Congresswoman Sheila Jackson-Lee and publicly supported by the ORIGINAL Destiny’s Child featuring a young Beyoncé Knowles, Kelly Rowland, LaTavia Roberson, and LeToya Luckett.
SEE ALSO: Through the years: Congresswoman Sheila Jackson Lee’s background, career history in politics
Around the same time, Congresswoman Sheila Jackson Lee yet again called on two of the group’s singers, Beyoncé and Kelly Rowland, to hit the streets with her around the holiday season.
The three of them were seen on KPRC 2′s broadcast, singing sweet songs of cheer and Christmas carols to families in Jackson Lee’s district.
In the video, you can hear Jackson Lee speak highly of the young singers and discuss topics important to their community.
“We’re very proud of Destiny’s Child,” Jackson Lee said before the girls started singing the Christmas classic ‘O Holy Night.’
How Congresswoman Sheila Jackson Lee’s successor could be chosen
Doctors share stats about pancreatic cancer including who is most at risk, survival rate after Congresswoman’s diagnosis
Copyright 2024 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
Recommended Videos
TV Listings
Email Newsletters
RSS Feeds
Contests and Rules
Contact Us
Meet the Team
Careers at KPRC
Closed Captioning / Audio Description
Public File
Current EEO Report
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Do Not Sell My Info
FCC Applications
Cookie Preferences
If you need help with the Public File, call (713) 778-4745
At KPRC, we are committed to informing and delighting our audience. In our commitment to covering our communities with innovation and excellence, we incorporate Artificial Intelligence (AI) technologies to enhance our news gathering, reporting, and presentation processes. Read our article to see how we are using Artificial Intelligence.
Copyright © 2025 Click2Houston.com is managed by Graham Digital and published by Graham Media Group, a division of Graham Holdings.