Every item on this page was chosen by an ELLE editor. We may earn commission on some of the items you choose to buy.
While on her way to the recording studio on Thursday, global sensation Taylor Swift was seen sporting a comfy athleisure look, with a subtle nod to fellow singer Beyoncé. 
Swift wore black leggings, a tan zebra-print fleece jacket by Adidas, and cream-colored Savage Trail Ivytopia sneakers from Beyoncé’s Ivy Park X Adidas line. To accessorize, Swift added a pair of dark tinted tortoise shell sunglasses, sparkly drop earrings, and her signature red lip. Her hair was tied up into an effortless pony. 
The pop star also paid a sweet tribute to the late basketball star Kobe Bryant with her choice of jewelry. She added a gold, diamond-encrusted pendant necklace with his famous words, “Bet on yourself,” engraved in the center.
The necklace, now sold out, was part of the Mambacita x ZC capsule collection designed by Vanessa Bryant. One hundred percent of the proceeds went to the Mamba and Mambacita Sports Foundation, “a nonprofit organization dedicated to creating positive impact for underserved athlethes and boys and girls in sports. Founded through the vision and loving memory of Kobe and Gianna ‘Gigi’ Bryant.”
Swift’s trip to the studio is one of several, further sparking rumors that she is working on Reputation (Taylor’s Version). At the 81st Annual Golden Globe Awards on Sunday, fans found her look to be very Reputation-coded. Swift is known to drop Easter eggs and hints in her outfits. She looked dazzling in a green sequin dress by Gucci, but what really sealed the deal was the silver snake ring she wore that wrapped around her finger. The Reputation re-recording might just be on the way.
Why Meghan Has Secret Emails for Archie and Lili
All About Blue Ivy Carter 
Watch Rumi Carter Make Her Stage Debut
Ariana Grande and Ethan Slater’s Complete Timeline
Why Meghan Believes Her Love With Harry Will Last
Blake Lively Stepped Out in Two Pastel Looks
A Timeline of Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds’ Love
All About Malcolm, Anya’s Husband
Zendaya & Tom Holland’s Romance Through the Years
Everything You Need to Know About Georgia Groome
All About Lili Reinhart's Boyfriend, Jack Martin
Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds Share Hot Kiss
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.