Manage your account
CHICAGO—Vice President Kamala Harris made a surprise appearance onstage at the Democratic National Convention on Monday night, walking out to a Beyoncé song and eliciting a roar from the crowd.
Decked out in a tan suit (Chloé, according to The New York Times), the Democratic presidential nominee delivered brief remarks. She began by thanking President Joe Biden for his “historic leadership” and “lifetime of service” to the nation.
“Tonight I see the beauty of our great nation,” Harris continued. “People from every corner of our country and every walk of life are here, united by our shared vision for the future of our country.
“And this November we will come together and declare with one voice, as one people: We are moving forward… guided by our love of country, knowing we all have so much more in common than what separates us.
“Let us fight for the ideals we hold dear—and let us always remember when we fight...”
U.S. Vice President Kamala Harris makes a surprise appearance on the first day of the 2024 Democratic National Convention in Chicago.
The crowd erupted, chanting back “We win!”
Prior to her appearance, the mood on the floor had sagged as the night crawled into its fourth hour of programming.
As officials like New York Gov. Kathy Hochul and Secretary of Commerce Gina Raimondo spoke, delegates scrolled through their phones and carried on their own conversations.
But all that changed as the first strains of Beyoncé’s “Freedom” began playing. As Harris walked out, the crowd leapt to its feet, screaming, and pressed toward the stage.
The vice president wasn’t officially scheduled to take the stage until Thursday, when she will give a longer speech.
Monday’s itinerary also included Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, and more unusual choices like the head coach of the Golden State Warriors, Steve Kerr.
“I believe in a certain kind of leadership,” Kerr said in his speech. “I believe that leaders must display dignity, I believe that leaders must tell the truth. I believe that leaders must be able to laugh at themselves. I believe leaders must care for and love the people they are leading.”
Kerr’s appearance added to the patriotic verve in the room, which was further accentuated by gigantic American flags, the light-up “Cowboy Kamala” sashes worn by the Washington delegation, and the recurring motif of freedom.
“This is going to be a great week,” Harris told the crowd.
Read more at The Daily Beast.
Get the Daily Beast's biggest scoops and scandals delivered right to your inbox. Sign up now.
Stay informed and gain unlimited access to the Daily Beast's unmatched reporting. Subscribe now.