‘Dolly Parton & Family: Smoky Mountain DNA – Family, Faith & Fables’ traces their origins from the United Kingdom to their home today in the Great Smoky Mountains of East Tennessee
 Dolly Parton has announced a new album, which will be accompanied by a four-part docuseries about her family history.
Titled ‘Dolly Parton & Family: Smoky Mountain DNA – Family, Faith & Fables’, the album – produced by Parton’s cousin and touring band member Richie Owens – is due November 15.
“I cannot believe that it has been 60 years this month since I graduated from Sevier County High School and moved to Nashville to pursue my dreams,” Dolly wrote in a statement on her official website.
“My Uncle Bill Owens was by my side for many years helping me develop my music. I owe so much to him and all the family members past and present who have inspired me along this journey. I am honored to spotlight our families’ musical legacy that is my Smoky Mountain DNA.” The full tracklist of the album will be announced on June 21 when it goes live for pre-orders on vinyl and CD.
The overarching theme of ‘Smoky Mountain DNA’ is family – on the country icon’s paternal Parton family and her mother’s family, the Owens. It traces their origins from the United Kingdom in the 1600s to their home today in the Great Smoky Mountains of East Tennessee.
Earlier this month, Parton told Wales Online that the Owens are from Wales, confirming that she carries Welsh ancestry. “I’ve been there about three times and it always feels good because it feels like family,” she said. Her niece Jada Star told The Sun that she will be visiting Wales again for a TV special set to air next year. However, it is not clear if this special is the docuseries accompanying the ‘Smoky Mountain DNA’ album.
The album is set to feature songs performed by various members of Dolly’s immediate & extended family, spanning generations, along with voice recordings of relatives who have since passed on.
The accompanying docuseries, which is currently in production, will feature various interviews with Parton and Owens family members. Also included in the docuseries are concert performances filmed at Knoxville’s Bijou Theater, which will feature Dolly and family performing songs from the record. A release date and streaming platform for the docuseries has yet to be announced.
Dolly Parton’s last album was 2023’s ‘Rockstar’, which saw her collaborate with a slew of pop and rock artists including Paul McCartney, Ringo Starr, Miley Cyrus, and Kid Rock. More recently she appeared on Beyoncé‘s latest album ‘Cowboy Carter’, where she featured on the tracks ‘Dolly P’ and ‘Tyrant’. ‘Cowboy Carter’ also included Beyoncé’s own take on Parton’s country classic ‘Jolene’. Though it includes new lyrics by Beyoncé, the track’s sole songwriting credits belong to Parton.
Last week, Parton shared a tribute to actor Dabney Coleman, who died at age 92, on social media. “Dabney was a great actor and became a dear friend,” she wrote. “He taught me so much when I was doing my first movie, 9 to 5. He was funny, deep and smart.”
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.