All products featured on GQ are independently selected by our editors. However, we may receive compensation from retailers and/or from purchases of products through these links.
Here's your latest reminder of just how much power Beyoncé wields: On Wednesday, just hours after Bey released the track list for her country-inspired album Cowboy Carter, Levi's—one of the oldest and most vaunted clothing companies on the planet—changed the spelling of its name on social media to “Levii's Jeans,” matching the title of one of the freshly unveiled songs. Now, with Cowboy Carter officially landed, we're happy to confirm that “Levii's Jeans” is one of the single biggest bops on the record—one that feels destined to remain as timeless and beloved as a great pair of 501s.
Featuring a vibrato-wielding Post Malone, the sensual track finds Beyoncé using the iconic dungarees as a metaphor for the love of her life. “Boy, I'll let you be my Levi's jeans / So you can hug that ass all day long,” she sings. Artists dedicating entire songs to specific brands or garments is nothing new, from Nelly's “Air Force Ones” to Migos's “Versace” to A$AP Mob's “RAF.” But it's been a minute since we've heard a tune this good about an article of clothing so commonplace.
For 170 years and counting, Levi's has been the first name in blue jeans, outfitting generations of cowboys, hard laborers, rock ‘n’ rollers, and beyond in hardy, hip-hugging denim. Nowadays, everyone from your low-key stylish dad to your high-key trendy little sister still owns a pair. Given Beyoncé's immersion into country on Cowboy Carter—the Texas-born megastar has been rocking ten gallon hats, double denim, and chaps of late—it makes perfect sense for her to pay tribute to the preferred bottoms of Old West gunslingers and modern-day ranch hands alike.
The Post Malone feature is just the cherry on top of this all-American apple pie of a song. The singer, who's taken a turn to country of late himself, is one of the best denim wearers on the planet. Who better to croon about Levi's than the guy who helped make jorts cool again and sported $50 Wranglers to perform at the Super Bowl?
Bey has name-dropped plenty of fashion labels in her music before—on Renaissance alone, she clocks Hermès on “Heated” and shoots off an inventory of her closet on “Summer Renaissance”: “Versace, Bottega, Prada, Balenciaga, Vuitton, Dior, Givenchy.” It's nice, though, to hear her shouting out a brand that most people can actually afford—and likely already own. (Doesn't hurt, either, that “Levii's Jeans” is so friggin' good.) A good plan for the weekend? Throw the song on repeat, crank up the volume, and pull on your best damn 501s.
Levi's
Amazon
Levi's
Amazon
This Is the Coolest Way to Wear Jeans in 2025
Justin Bieber’s Most Normal Outfit in Ages Is Worth Copying All Spring
Inside the Fight to Save American Selvedge Denim
Nike Is Dropping a GoldenEye 007-Themed Air Max 1 This Week
Tuxedo vs. Suit: A 101 Guide to Men’s Formal Dress Codes
Sign up for Show Notes to get news on the latest runway shows, parties, and insider events on the international fashion circuit.
More From GQ
Connect
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. GQ may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices