We interviewed Lala Kent because we think you'll like her picks at these prices. Lala is a paid spokesperson for the Amazon Influencer Program. E! has affiliate relationships, so we may get a commission if you purchase something through our links. Items are sold by the retailer, not E!. Prices are accurate as of publish time.
In the midst of preparing for baby number two, pregnant Lala Kent is fully embracing nesting mode. In an exclusive interview, the Vanderpump Rules star discusses her pregnancy and reflects on the differences between this experience and her first pregnancy with her daughter Ocean.
From navigating pregnancy-safe skincare rituals to meticulously organizing her hospital bag essentials, Lala shares her practical yet stylish approach to preparing for the newest addition to her family. The Bravo star spills her latest snack cravings and her must-haves for creating a cozy sanctuary at home ahead of her baby's arrival. 
As an enthusiastic Amazon shopper, Lala gave a sneak peek into her favorite finds set to hit the virtual shelves for the highly anticipated Amazon Prime Day 2024. She also shares some of her tried and true Amazon must-haves including household staples, hidden fashion gems, and the ultimate mom hack.
Whether you're a mom or not, Lala's skincare tips, fashion finds, and cooking must-haves are so good, you'll never send them to Darrell. 
For more must-haves from Lala, check out her latest Amazon Live session.
"I'm obviously obsessed with my Bio-Oil Products and I use that on my bump. I use that on my face, neck and chest."
More From Lala: "Every time I say the word ‘oil' in skincare people want to run and hide because they think that means clogged pores, but I use Bio-Oil for so much."
Shoppers Agree: Lala's skincare must-have has 49,300+ 5-star Amazon reviews.
Real Housewives of Atlanta stars Porsha Williams and Kenya Moore have recommended Bio-Oil too.
"There's a pumpkin seed oil I am obsessed with it. It really keeps my face hydrated. I will mix it in with COSRX snail mucin."
"I mix the pumpkin seed oil in with this and put it on my face. It really keeps the moisture and when I wake up the next day I don't look like I've been in the Sahara. That will be coming to the hospital with me as well."
Lala has previously recommended this product to E! shoppers. It has also been shared by Vanessa Hudgens and Madison LeCroy.
Shoppers Agree: Lala's skincare essential has 69,500+ 5-star Amazon reviews.
The Amazon Prime Day prices are under lock and key, but Lala was able to share that some of her hospital bag must-haves will be discounted for the big sale. If you can't wait to shop, they're also worth checking out today.
"Last time, I did not think to bring a portable charger. Usually, my phone is the last thing on my mind. My mom always misplaces hers and I would like her to document the birth. So, I'm really getting a charger for her, so I can keep it near me, so she doesn't need to worry about having one. I want her to capture moments and I'll make sure the phone doesn't die.
Shoppers Agree: Lala's portable charger has 28,000+ 5-star Amazon reviews.
It's available in black and white.
"They're wireless and I can just play my music from my phone. I didn't bring earbuds last time when I gave birth. I just remember wanting calm myself down and kind of get in the zone of giving birth to a baby. So, that is definitely going to be thrown into my hospital bag."
More From Lala: "I want to be listening to Beyoncé before I give birth because that's just an empowering human being to listen to. Before I start pushing, I'm gonna need my body and my baby to just be slamming Beyoncé. What better way to come into the universe than listening to Beyonce right off the bat? 
"Last time I did not do great my time in the hospital staying hydrated, I will bring a water bottle. I found one that has a little tray for snacks and I think that would be perfect to have with me. I can just hand it off to someone every time I need to refill."
"My go-to snacks can really vary. Right now, I cannot get enough of Sun Chips."
Shoppers Agree: Lala's go-to snack has 30,100+ 5-star Amazon reviews.
"There is also this chocolate-covered honeycomb snack that I can't get enough of. I'm at that stage of pregnancy where I'm like 'give it all to me.' I want everything. The cravings for one specific thing have kind of ended. Now, it's just anything and everything."
"I'm highly considering using this diaper bag as my hospital bag.The Virgo in me loves that there's all of these little compartments so I can keep super organized. Plus, I love the way it opens. I really could shove a lot of stuff in here and see everything perfectly."
"This such a different pregnancy this time around than it was with Ocean. I don't remember my body feeling the pregnancy this much with Ocean. My back has been killing me and I've never experienced this kind of pain. This Casper sleep pillow is like a backrest. This pillow is a game changer."
More From Lala: "This pillow will be making its way from home to hospital because my back relies on it so much. I think a lot of things I got for pregnancy I can use again. I mean we spend most of the time in the bed, which, hey, I'm not complaining about, but I'm gonna make sure that I'm like sleeping on a cloud."
"I always love my Barefoot Dreams blankets. I bought a new Barefoot Dreams blanket for me to take to the hospital."
More From Lala: "I'm super excited about that. There's just so many things about this summer are going to be different from any other summers because I am getting into the nesting stage of things. I'm not going out as much. I'm not wanting to have a lot of energies around me, which normally is something I associate with summer. This time, I am getting cozy."
Camille Kostek has recommended Barefoot Dreams blankets to E! shoppers too.
If you want a Lala Kent-approved blanket at a lower price point, she has also shared this one, which comes in 41 colors and 5 sizes.
"I also bought a Barefoot Dreams blanket for the baby because she has to experience this level of cozy right from the jump."
"I have been stocking up on all of my things that I'm going to need to cook at home, which is so not like me. I think you're truly messing up if you don't get a toaster oven/ air fryer situation."
More From Lala: "I don't cook and there was a point in time where I made an entire Thanksgiving meal in an air fryer. I'm not ashamed to say that, so I think an air fryer is a great thing to get when there's a deal too."
"I always have Pavoi hoops in my haul because I have hoops for every occasion. These hoops are for the beach. These hoops are for going out to Polo Lounge. I'm such a weirdo, but I really do think different occasions call for different hoops. Some people may think they're all the same, but I know you get that they are not."
"You guys know I love a good hoop. Small hoops are legit and so cute. Hailey Bieber taught me that small hoops are so cute."
Lala shared these hoops in a previous Amazon Live. They come in gold, silver, and rose gold.
"These are little twisted hoops. So cute. So easy. I love gold jewelry."
Lala shared these braided hoops hoops in a previous Amazon Live. They come in gold, silver, and rose gold.
"I literally have a Ninja Thirsti in every single part of my house like the addiction is real. For me, it makes sense for many different reasons. I'm a sparkling water connoisseur. I'm very particular about my sparkling water. I want to try to do right by the environment and get rid of all of these cans."
More From Lala: "Plus, I get to choose my flavor. There are so many flavors, so if I were you, I would definitely pull the trigger on the Ninja Thirsti if you don't have one yet."
"I would say for this baby, my philosophy is you can never have enough white onesies. You may think they're something you may use on occasion, but no your baby really lives in those. I would say that would be my go-to and the item I reorder the most from Amazon. My plain, white Gerber cotton onesies are the ultimate mom hack."
More From Lala: "When you have a newborn and you have these white onesies,  I know it sounds gross, but but spit up happens and it happens a lot. They get dingy quick, it's part of having a new baby. So, that's going to be something that's consistently thrown in the cart, especially as the baby grows."
If you are looking for more Lala Kent-approved finds, you'll love these picks from her Amazon haul.
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.