By HEIDI PARKER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  13:25, 21 March 2024   |  Updated:  14:06, 21 March 2024   
 77
View  comments
Beyonce will be honored with the iHeartRadio Innovator Award at the 2024 iHeartRadio Music Awards, it was announced on Thursday.
The news was shared by iHeartMedia and FOX Entertainment.
Additionally, Ludacris will host and perform during the event airing LIVE from Dolby Theatre in Los Angeles, April 1.
Ludacris joins the previously announced performance lineup including Justin Timberlake, Green Day, TLC, Jelly Roll, Lainey Wilson, Tate McRae and more plus a special musical tribute to the 2024 iHeartRadio Icon Award Recipient Cher.
The show will air on FOX and will also be heard on iHeartMedia radio stations nationwide and on the iHeartRadio app.
Beyonce will be honored with the iHeartRadio Innovator Award at the 2024 iHeartRadio Music Awards, it was announced on Thursday. The news was shared by iHeartMedia and FOX Entertainment
 The show will air on FOX and will also be heard on iHeartMedia radio stations nationwide and on the iHeartRadio app.
Beyonce is being honored for 'having taken creative risks, successfully transformed their music and influenced pop culture,' a press release shared.
'Throughout the years, the global cultural icon has created music that has topped the charts across multiple formats, while also architecting groundbreaking tours, including last year's RENAISSANCE WORLD TOUR - the highest-grossing tour in history for both an R&B artist and a Black female artist.
'Her recent release of 'TEXAS HOLD 'EM' from her upcoming COWBOY CARTER album on March 29, is officially the first song in music history to simultaneously chart across US Pop, Hot AC, AC, Country, Rhythmic, Hip Hop, R&B and Triple A radio formats. 
It is the first song this year to reach No. 1 in the US and globally on all major sales/streaming platforms, also making her the first Black female artist to reach No. 1 on the Hot 100 with a Country song.'
Also pointed out was her 'passion for philanthropy' with the BeyGOOD Foundation.
Beyonce is being honored for ' having taken creative risks, successfully transformed their music and influenced pop culture,' a press release shared
'Throughout the years, the global cultural icon has created music that has topped the charts across multiple formats,' said the release
Additionally, Ludacris will host and perform during the event airing LIVE from Dolby Theatre in Los Angeles, April 1. Ludacris joins the previously announced performance lineup including Justin Timberlake, Green Day, TLC, Jelly Roll, Lainey Wilson. Seen left on March 8 with Jeffrey Wright
'I'm looking forward to hosting the 2024 iHeartRadio Music Awards and sharing the stage with some of the best in music,' said Ludacris.
 'It will be an amazing night celebrating fan-favorite artists with special performances that fans won't want to miss.'
Artists receiving multiple nominations include, 21 Savage, Beyoncé, Billie Eilish, Blink-182, Carin León, David Kushner, Doechii, Doja Cat, Drake, Dua Lipa, Fall Out Boy, Foo Fighters, Grupo Frontera, Ice Spice, Jelly Roll, Jung Kook, Karol G, Lil Durk, Luke Combs, Megan Moroney,
Also on the list are  Metro Boomin, Miley Cyrus, Morgan Wallen, Noah Kahan, Olivia Rodrigo, Paramore, Peso Pluma, Rema, Selena Gomez, Shakira, SZA, Taylor Swift, The Weeknd, Tyla, Usher and Yng Lvcas.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group