By CODIE BULLEN FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  09:05, 7 June 2024   |  Updated:  09:53, 7 June 2024   
 368
View  comments
Ruth Langsford is reportedly 'taking a break' from Loose Women following her painful split from husband Eamonn Holmes. 
The presenter, 64, and Eamonn, also 64, announced their plans to divorce last week after 14 years of marriage and 27 years together.
And since, Ruth has reportedly been left hurt after discovering that Eamonn is being consoled by woman in her forties amid their split who he's befriended.
Now, friends have said Ruth will extend her time off for the rest of June but plans to return to the ITV show in July. She was last seen on screen in May.
One pal told The Mirror: 'Ruth was hurt when she learned about Eamonn's friendship with another woman but she is strong and she will be back soon with a smile on her face, putting her best foot forward, as she always does.
Ruth Langsford is reportedly 'taking a break' from Loose Women following her painful split from husband Eamonn Holmes
The presenter, 64, and Eamonn, 64, announced their plans to divorce last week after 14 years of marriage and 27 years together
'She needs a bit of time to regroup after everything that's gone on, which is understandable, but she plans to return to Loose Women, with renewed vigour, in July.'
Ruth's pals have reportedly insisted that there is 'no chance' she will reunite with her husband Eamonn.
Ruth recently found out Eamonn is being comforted by a younger female pal - a blonde divorcée and relationship counsellor - who he has been on a 'string of outings with', according to The Sun.
The pair reportedly struck up a friendship over the past couple of years and the publication claims Eamonn has taken her on a safari park trip, to a Manchester United game and a Beyoncé concert.
Eamonn has reportedly grown close to the woman over the past year.
The friend also insisted that there was 'no chance whatsoever' that the pair would ever get back together.
Reports claim that Eamonn and the woman made contact through social media after both being involved with a mental health charity.
A spokesperson for Ruth has said: 'Ruth had holiday time booked from Loose Women and has extended her leave. She's looking forward to returning to the show in due course.'
Friends have said Ruth will extend her time off for the rest of June but plans to return to the ITV show in July
Ruth has reportedly been left hurt after discovering that Eamonn is being consoled by woman in her forties amid their split who he's befriended
Eamonn and Ruth recently revealed they are headed for divorce after work commitments 'took their marriage in different directions'
Eamonn and Ruth recently revealed they are headed for divorce after work commitments 'took their marriage in different directions'.
Ruth will reportedly not be making a return to Loose Women this week as she extends her break from the daytime show.
And on Saturday, reports first emerged Eamonn is being consoled over his marriage split by the blonde divorcee in her forties who is also a relationship counsellor.
According to The Sun, Eamonn has been growing close to an unknown woman since last year after they first came into contact several years ago.
While she is not said to be a reason for the marriage breakdown it is understood that Ruth was unaware of her until recently and she will not be back on TV this week.
A source told The Sun : 'Ruth will not be back on screen this week.
'She has decided to extend her break from ITV so will not yet be making a return to the Loose Women panel.'
According to The Sun, Eamonn has grow close to an unknown woman since last year after they first came into contact several years ago.
The broadcaster is said to have been on outings with the woman, including a visit to a safari park and has reportedly spoiled her with gifts. She is not said to be a reason for the marriage breakdown.
He has also endorsed a charity linked to her work and helped to host a fund-raising event free of charge.
The woman's name has never been mentioned, with Eamonn making sure not to reveal it on social media and the publication reported that Ruth was seemingly not aware of their meetings until recently.
And one pal has told now told The Mirror: 'Ruth was hurt when she learned about Eamonn's friendship with another woman but she is strong' 
Sources told the paper that Eamonn treated his close friend to various extravagant days out including a Beyonce concert, a Center Parcs visit last year and tickets to see his favourite team Man United play at Old Trafford.
They explained: 'Ruth was obviously aware that her marriage was crumbling, but as details emerge, her upset has turned to anger.
'Eamonn's friend is bowled over by being lavished with attention and kindness from him.'
The pair met via Twitter after the woman commented on a post and it sparked a conversation between the pair.
Friends explained that the woman's counselling skills include coping with 'feeling sad' and 'separation and divorce' therefore it seems fitting she will be supporting Eamonn at this time of uncertainty.
MailOnline have contacted Eamonn's representatives for comment.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group