UPDATED 7/27, 11:02 a.m. ET: Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump gave some "Attitude" in response to VP Kamala Harris' including Beyoncé's "Freedom" in her campaign."
On Thursday, Trump posted a TikTok that included supporters on his campaign trail and the aforementioned Don Toliver song, which features Cash Cobain and Charlie Wilson.
In the 12-second, Trump slammed Harris as his opponent, saying, "You've been terrible at everything you've done. You're ultra-liberal and we don't want you here. We don't want you anywhere."
He continued, "Kamala! You're fired. Get out of here; you're fired."
While there's no word from Toliver yet on Trump using his single, artists like Pharrell Williams, The White Stripes, and Linkin Park have criticized the the twice-impeached former president for using their music. Many have even threatened legal action or issued a cease-and-desist for Trump to stop including their music at rallies and political-adjacent events.
See orignial story below.
Kamala Harris walked out to Beyoncé’s Kendrick Lamar-featuring song, “Freedom” during the VP's first official visit to her campaign’s headquarters.
CNN reports that Harris' team sought approval from Queen B just hours before arriving at HQ. An insider told the news outlet that Harris also was granted permission to use the song during her presidential campaign.
While Beyoncé hasn’t outright endorsed Harris, the singer letting the politician use the 2016 Lemonade album cut is a likely signal of just that, particularly since she rarely lets others use her music.
In fact, B’s mother, Tina Knowles co-signed Harris on Monday via Instagram.
“New, Youthful, Sharp energy !!!! You asked for it and our President Biden did what was best for the country!” Knowles wrote. “Putting personal Ego, power and fame aside. That is the definition of a great leader. Thank you, President Biden for your service and your leadership. Go Vice President Kamala Harris for President.”
Beyoncé has endorsed Democratic party candidates before, including Barack Obama in 2012, Hillary Clinton in 2016, and Biden-Harris in 2020.
Harris has received a lot of support after Joe Biden dropped out of the 2024 presidential race on Sunday. She has since become her party’s nominee and will face off against Donald Trump in November. It’s unclear who her running mate will be.
pop-culture | BY tara mahadevan
‘The Simpsons’ Writer ‘Proud’ of Potential Kamala Harris Prediction in Lisa Presidency Episode
music | BY Jose Martinez
Drake Fans Drop "Family Matters" Video Game Because They Thought Viral "Not Like Us" Game Was 'Trash'
sports | BY Jose Martinez
Brawl Erupts at Dodger Stadium After Fan Throws Beer on Woman
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.