"A denim legacy like never before."
Source: FOX / Getty
One of America’s most beloved brands is tapping into one of culture’s brightest stars. Levi’s has announced a Beyoncé collaboration.
As reported by Hypebeast the iconic apparel brand is seemingly adding to the Cowboy Carter promotional rollout. On Monday, September 23, the denim icons posted a graphic featuring a silhouette of the “Texas Hold ‘Em” singer riding a horse. While the caption only read “INTRODUCING: A New Chapter.” the visual tagged Beyoncé directly. As expected her fans understood the play and immediately expressed excitement for the drop. On Tuesday, September 24) the San Francisco, California based label gave further details on the collaboration via a follow-up on their Instagram account.
“A new chapter is written alongside a fellow trailblazer” the caption read. The first slide showed a building advertisement of a woman wearing a white crop top t-shirt and low rise jeans with the same graphic on the thigh. The outfit is further accentuated with a big buckle belt that reads Levii’s Jeans. The copy says “Chapter 01 September 30: ‘LAUNDERETTE’ REIMAGINED WITH BEYONCÉ.” There are four other visuals in the carousel that all play into a laundromat theme.
On Cowboy Carter  Beyoncé paid homage to the brand with the song “Levii’s Jeans” featuring Post Malone. You can listen to the song below.


Levi’s Teases Beyoncé Collaboration; The BeyHive Is Here For It 
						was originally published on
						hiphopwired.com



									Contact Us								

									About								

									Advertising								

									Top 10 Hood Beverages								

									Rep. Jasmine Crockett Wants To Take On Trump In An IQ Test								

									10 Video Vixens Then & Now [PHOTOS]								

									Are Donna Summers' Kids Fighting Over Her Fortune?								

									DIRTY DOZEN: Uncle Ruckus' Most Racist Moments								

					We care about your data. See our privacy policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.