Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Here's your guide for streaming the new film that examines the music genre's reckoning with interviews with musicians, critics and country experts.

							By 

	Danielle Directo-Meston

E-Commerce Writer

	Fresh off Beyoncé’s record-breaking, genre-defying new album, CNN is examining country music’s post-Cowboy Carter reckoning in a new documentary.

	Produced by CNN FlashDocs, Call Me Country: Beyoncé and Nashville’s Renaissance is streaming today exclusively on Max. Per the logline, the 42-minute film “examines this reckoning in the genre straight from the country music capital of the world” through interviews with musicians and analyses by culture and country music experts. (Beyoncé was not involved with the CNN documentary.)





	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	News
			



	
		
					Beyoncé Teaches Us to Expect the Unexpected During Cowboy Carter Tour Opening Week in Los Angeles		
			














	
	Movies
			



	
		
					'Another Simple Favor' Reunites Blake Lively and Anna Kendrick: Where to Stream the 'A Simple Favor' Sequel Online		
			








	The Grammy-winning superstar became the first Black woman to top Billboard’s Hot Country Songs chart with the release of Act II: Cowboy Carter, which follows Renaissance as the second installment in a potential series of albums. She previously said she did not feel “welcomed” by the country music world when she first tried to enter the genre. Upon releasing her eighth studio album, Beyoncé sent flowers and thank you messages to Black musicians K. Michelle (who performs under her country alter ego, Puddin) and Mickey Guyton, whom she credited with “opening doors” for her.

	










	Spanning 27 tracks, the Cowboy Carter features renditions of the Beatles’ “Blackbird” and Dolly Parton’s “Jolene” (the country icon also lends her voice to the cover), and guest vocals by Miley Cyrus, Willie Nelson and Post Malone.

	The doc features interviews with musicians including banjo player Rhiannon Giddens (who performed on “Texas Hold ‘Em”), Aaron Vance, John and T.J. Osborne of Brothers Osborne, Rissi Palmer and Denitia. Culture critics and music journalists including Touré, Kyle Coroneos, Keith Hill, Chris Molanphy and Larisha Paul also share their thoughts along with Black Opry co-directors Holly G. and Tanner D.

	“When I first heard the two singles drop, I was like, sh*t, that’s country,” Nashville-based Vance says in the doc, referring to “16 Carriages” and “Texas Hold ‘Em.”

	Below, keep reading for more ways to stream the CNN’s new Beyoncé documentary online without cable.

	Now available to watch online, CNN’s Call Me Country is streaming exclusively on Max, which costs $9.99 per month with ads, $15.99 for the Ad-Free plan or $19.99 per month with the Ultimate Ad-Free package. Save up 20 percent when you subscribe with annual billing ($99.99 to $199.99 per year), plus get the B/R Sports Add-On for free for a limited time (reg. $9.99 monthly).

	










	Max subscriptions include streaming on up to two devices and full HD video quality, and the ad-free plan also offers 30 downloads. The Ultimate Ad-Free package includes streaming on up to four devices, 4K Ultra HD video streaming, Dolby Atmos audio when available and 100 downloads.

	If you’re an Amazon Prime member or Prime Video subscriber, you can watch the new Beyoncé documentary on Prime Video when add the Max channel to your subscription. Prime membership is $15.99 per month or $139 annually, while the standalone Prime Video service is $8.99 monthly. Both options offer free 30-day trials; learn more here.
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.