V’s New Music Friday picks for the third week of February 
V’s New Music Friday picks for the third week of February 
The third week of February is bringing a host of incredible new tracks, collaborations, and even musical genre shifts for icons like Beyoncé. Queen Bey is making her foray into the country music genre with the first two tracks from her highly-anticipated Act II out in March, while Dua Lipa gives fans another taste of her new musical era with “Training Season.” Ariana Grande is teaming up with the legendary Mariah Carey, and Lizzy McAlpine has unveiled the title track of her third studio album. Check out all these and more below!
Audiences were already highly anticipating plenty of things on Super Bowl Sunday – from Taylor Swift’s appearance straight after her four consecutive Eras Tour shows in Tokyo, to Usher’s halftime performance, and, of course, the game itself. But no one could have predicted Beyoncé’s mid-game, unannounced release of not one, but two singles from her upcoming Act II project. The pair of songs – “TEXAS HOLD ‘EM” and “16 CARRIAGES” – embrace her Houston, Texas roots and delve into the country genre, a continuation of her Lemonade standout track “Daddy Lessons,” which Beyoncé performed at the Country Music Awards in 2016. After transcending genres and embracing a return to house music with Renaissance last year, it seems only natural that country is Beyoncé’s next endeavor, and we can’t wait to see what’s next. 
International superstar Dua Lipa’s record-breaking, pandemic-era Future Nostalgia album solidified her as a household name. Now, she’s back with the second single, “Training Season,” from her forthcoming album. A follow-up to the previously-released “Houdini,” “Training Season” utilizes all the elements of her discography that Lipa does best – a catchy hook and an addictive dance beat that is sure to be unforgettable. Though her album release date is yet to be announced, “Training Season” is sure to tide fans over until then!
Pop sensation Ariana Grande is joining forces with the iconic Mariah Carey on a brand-new remix of her hit track “yes, and?” – the first non-holiday collaboration between the two vocal powerhouses and longtime friends. The original track, released last month, marked Grande’s eighth #1 on the Billboard Hot 100 and is the lead single of her highly-anticipated, seventh studio album eternal sunshine, due March 8. On the new remix, Grande and Carey’s incredible vocals blend together harmoniously, elevating the track.
Indie singer-songwriter Lizzy McAlpine has had an explosive year – while her sophomore album five seconds flat came out in early 2022, her hit song “ceilings” didn’t explode in popularity until about a year later, thanks to a viral TikTok trend that prompted an enormous group of new fans to appreciate her impeccable narrative, world-building songwriting style. After headlining festivals and even capturing the attention of Noah Kahan, who featured McAlpine on a heartwrenching duet of “Call Your Mom,” the hitmaker is back with her latest single “Older,” the title track from her forthcoming third studio album. The track is already a fan favorite, causing excitement to brew ahead of McAlpine’s next musical chapter!
Grammy-winner Kim Petras surprised fans by releasing her latest project, Slut Pop Miami, a sequel to her viral 2022 EP Slut Pop. Petras kicked off 2024 on the European leg of her Feed The Beast World Tour after the culmination of her live performances in North America, where she performed fan-favorite tracks including her long-awaited album Problematique, which also surprise-dropped in September, just three months after the release of her debut full-length album Feed The Beast.
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!