Sign in or Subscribe 
See Offers




Account Subscription: ACTIVE
Questions about your account? Our customer service team can be reached at circulation@metln.org during business hours at (207) 791-6000.
Those who remained at the outdoor rally on an airport tarmac huddled in the cold Friday night as they waited for the former president to touch down.
You are able to gift 5 more articles this month.
Anyone can access the link you share with no account required.  Learn more.
With a Lewiston Sun Journal subscription, you can gift 5 articles each month.
It looks like you do not have any active subscriptions. To get one, go to the subscriptions page.
With a Lewiston Sun Journal subscription, you can gift 5 articles each month.
Republican presidential nominee former President Donald Trump is reflected in a pane of glass as he arrives to speak at a campaign rally at Cherry Capital Airport in Traverse City, Mich., on Friday night.  Alex Brandon/Associated Press 
TRAVERSE CITY, Mich. — Many of Donald Trump’s supporters left a Michigan rally on Friday before the former president arrived after he kept them waiting for three hours to tape a popular podcast interview.
Those who remained at the outdoor rally on an airport tarmac huddled in the cold Friday night as they waited for the former president to touch down in the battleground state.
Trump apologized to the crowd for the delay, which he blamed on an interview with Joe Rogan, the nation’s most listened-to podcaster and an influential voice with younger male voters Trump is aggressively courting.
The interview, taped in Austin, Texas, was released Friday night and ran a whopping three hours, with Trump telling many familiar stories from his rallies and other interviews but also engaging with Rogan on topics like the existence of UFOs.
Democrat Kamala Harris was also in Texas on Friday for an appearance with superstar Beyoncé in Houston at an event highlighting the conservative state’s abortion ban, which was enacted after the Supreme Court overturned Roe v. Wade. Three of the justices who voted to overturn Roe were nominated by Trump.
Minutes before Trump’s Michigan rally was scheduled to begin at 7:30 p.m. Eastern time, his spokesman posted on the social media platform X that Trump was just leaving Texas, more than two hours away by air.Advertisement
Trump recorded a video from his plane urging his supporters to stay, noting it was Friday night and promising, “We’re going to have a good time tonight.”
Eventually, he took the stage at the Traverse City airport, where temperatures had dipped to about 50 degrees Fahrenheit. The remaining members of the crowd erupted into cheers as video screens showed Trump’s plane arriving and then him walking off his plane and down the steps.
“I am so sorry,” he said. “We got so tied up, and I figured you wouldn’t mind too much because we’re trying to win.”
Attendees leave a campaign event for Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump before he arrives in Traverse City, Mich., on Friday night.  Paul Sancya/Associated Press 
Many attendees who hadn’t left bundled up, some covered by blankets, as they waited for Trump to land. The crowd sounded and looked disengaged as North Dakota Gov. Doug Burgum and former Republican gubernatorial candidate Tudor Dixon tried to kill time onstage. Hats were thrown to attendees.
Among those who stuck around at Trump’s rally were John and Cheryl Sowash, who live in Traverse City and arrived at the airport at 4 p.m.
“Things happen,” said John Sowash. “He spoke to a lot more people talking to Joe Rogan than he did here.”Advertisement
Indeed, Cheryl Sowash said she was worried about Trump, who had missed speaking to a larger crowd.
“He’s gonna be disappointed, because there were twice as many people here. He missed it,” she said.
ROGAN INTERVIEW UNDERSCORES TRUMP’S FOCUS ON MASCULINITY
Trump’s interview with Rogan created another opportunity for the Republican nominee to highlight the hypermasculine tone that has defined much of his 2024 White House bid. He has made masculinity a central theme of his campaign, appearing on podcasts targeting young male voters and tapping surrogates who sometimes use crude language.
Throughout the lengthy conversation, Trump told familiar stories but occasionally dropped new color and nuance.
Rogan pressed Trump on whether he’s “completely committed” to bringing Robert F. Kennedy Jr. into his administration.Advertisement
“Oh, I completely am,” Trump responded, though he said he and Kennedy disagree on environmental policies. He said he’ll tell Kennedy to “focus on health, do whatever you want.”
Kennedy has been instrumental in spreading skepticism about vaccines, rejecting the overwhelming consensus among scientists that the benefits of inoculation outweigh the rare risk of side effects.
Trump again seemed to entertain the idea of eliminating federal income taxes, telling Rogan, “Yeah, sure why not?” when asked by the podcast host if he was serious about it.
He also repeated at length his grievances about the 2020 election but said, “If I win, this will be my last election.”
Trump said he’s “never been a believer” in theories about extraterrestrial life visiting Earth. He said he is asked constantly about what the U.S. government knows about “the people coming from space.” He said as president he was told “a lot,” but he dodged Rogan’s entreaties to discuss alien life in detail.
And he criticized federal subsidies aiming to significantly boost U.S. semiconductor manufacturing, one of President Biden’s signature achievements. Chipmakers have credited the legislation for enabling billions of dollars in new factories, including in battleground state Arizona.Advertisement
He also ripped Taiwan, the self-governing island democracy that has long been aligned with the U.S.
“You know, Taiwan, they stole our chip business,” Trump told Rogan. “OK. They want us to protect, and they want protection. They don’t pay us money for the protection, you know? The mob makes you pay money, right?”
Trump called Chinese President Xi Jinping – whose Beijing government considers Taiwan a breakaway province – a “brilliant guy, whether you like it or not.”
The podcaster is known for his hourslong interviews on “The Joe Rogan Experience,” which is listed as No. 1 in the United States, according to Spotify’s charts. He calls women “chicks” and once laughed as a comedian friend described repeatedly coercing young female comics into sex.
Rogan and Trump have a complicated relationship – Rogan had previously said that he declined to host Trump on his podcast before because he did not want to help him.
Earlier this year, Trump criticized Rogan after the podcaster said Kennedy, then a candidate, was the only person running for president who made sense to him. Kennedy has since suspended his bid, endorsed Trump and joined him on the campaign trail.Advertisement
TRUMP MOCKS HARRIS’ RALLY WITH BEYONCÉ
In Michigan and at an earlier news conference in Texas, Trump repeatedly mocked his opponent’s rally in Houston.
“Kamala is at a dance party with Beyoncé,” he told the Michigan crowd.
He used his trip to Texas, his second stop in a border state in two days, to escalate his already dark and apocalyptic rhetoric against illegal immigration.
“We’re like a garbage can for the rest of the world to dump the people that they don’t want,” Trump told supporters Friday in Austin. He has continued to push the unfounded idea that foreign governments actively send criminals to the U.S.
Harris said the remark is “just another example of how he really belittles our country.”Advertisement
“The president of the United States should be someone who elevates discourse and talks about the best of who we are, and invests in the best of who we are, not someone like Donald Trump, who is constantly demeaning and belittling who the American people are,” Harris told reporters in Houston before her event.
As the temperature in Michigan dropped Friday night and many in the crowd streamed out, Trump suggested that his campaign advisers have urged him not to repeat his past statements about being the “protector” of women.
The former president mimicked advice he said he was getting: “ ‘Sir, please don’t say you’re going to protect women.’ ” But he said he planned to keep saying it. “I mean, that’s our job.”
That, too, was a response of sorts to the Harris event, which was focused on protecting reproductive rights and included a string of women talking about having their health threatened by strict abortion restrictions.
Trump’s rally was also interrupted twice by audience members needing medical attention. After the second incident, Trump asked organizers to play the song “Ave Maria” to fill the time.
That was reminiscent of a recent Trump rally in Pennsylvania when audience members requiring medical help preceded a nearly 40-minute period in which Trump stood and swayed to that and other songs.
This time, though, he continued speaking after “Ave Maria” ended.
Weissert reported from Washington and Cooper from Phoenix. Associated Press writers Michelle L. Price in New York; Adriana Gomez Licon in Fort Lauderdale, Florida; and Melissa Perez Winder in Traverse City, Michigan, contributed to this report.
We believe it’s important to offer commenting on certain stories as a benefit to our readers. At its best, our comments sections can be a productive platform for readers to engage with our journalism, offer thoughts on coverage and issues, and drive conversation in a respectful, solutions-based way. It’s a form of open discourse that can be useful to our community, public officials, journalists and others. Read more... 
We do not enable comments on everything — exceptions include most crime stories, and coverage involving personal tragedy or sensitive issues that invite personal attacks instead of thoughtful discussion. 
For those stories that we do enable discussion, our system may hold up comments pending the approval of a moderator for several reasons, including possible violation of our guidelines. As the Maine Trust’s digital team reviews these comments, we ask for patience.  
Comments are managed by our staff during regular business hours Monday through Friday and limited hours on Saturday and Sunday. Comments held for moderation outside of those hours may take longer to approve. 
By joining the conversation, you are agreeing to our commenting policy and terms of use. More information is found on our FAQs. 
You can modify your screen name here.
Show less
Please sign into your Sun Journal account to participate in conversations below. If you do not have an account, you can register or subscribe. Questions? Please see our FAQs.
Your commenting screen name has been updated.
Send questions/comments to the editors.


			« Previous		



			Next »