Anyone who has seen Broad City knows the Comedy Central show is full of laugh-out-loud scenes — but one moment in particular stands out to co-creator and star Ilana Glazer.
“One of my favorite moments from Broad City is the season 1 finale, when Ilana has an allergic reaction to shellfish and Abbi heroically carries her out of the restaurant after accidentally stabbing herself with an EpiPen,” Glazer, 37, reveals exclusively in her 25 Things You Don’t Know About Me feature in the latest issue of Us Weekly, on newsstands now. “We were dying laughing. I remember Amy Poehler, who directed the episode, doing that silent laugh where her shoulders shook up and down.”
In the 2014 episode, titled “The Last Supper,” Abbi and Ilana have dinner at a fancy restaurant — reportedly frequented by Beyoncé and Jay-Z — for Abbi’s birthday. Poehler, who directed the episode, also makes a cameo as the chef at the restaurant.
About halfway through the dinner, Ilana’s face starts to swell up, and she admits that she’s allergic to shellfish, but still wants to eat the seafood meal anyway for the special occasion. As the night goes on, her allergic reaction worsens, culminating in a hilarious scene where an EpiPen-fueled Abby carries Ilana to the hospital.
Glazer — whose stand-up special, Human Magic, is streaming now on Hulu — and Abbi Jacobson made five seasons of the sitcom, which aired its last episode in 2019.
For more fun personal stories from Glazer — including the proudest moment of her career, which also involves Jacobson — keep scrolling:
1. My favorite way to spend the weekend is by making no plans, lying around with my family and cooking.
2. Queen Bey, Beyoncé, was my No. 1 artist on my 2024 Spotify Wrapped.
3. I visit Dumbo [in Brooklyn] with my daughter as though we’re Italian tourists, even though it’s a 15-minute drive from our apartment. It’s exciting, and there’s so much to do, taste and buy!
4. My first car was a Honda Civic stick shift, two-door.
5. My favorite comfort meal is a homemade rice and veggies bowl with a little protein. It’s warm, homey and means I’m taking great care of myself.
6. I met Nicole Kidman at a party and was so starstruck, I imitated her to her. Not chill.
7. My favorite movie is Mrs. Doubtfire, and Robin Williams was the entertainer I looked up to when I was younger. He always offered real feelings. I miss him like I knew him.
8. To get grounded for every one of my 52 shows for my 2024 Human Magic comedy tour, I’d walk around the neighborhood I was performing in and talk to myself for two hours.
9. The proudest moment of my career was when Abbi Jacobson and I honored Julia Louis-Dreyfus at her Kennedy Center Awards with an outrageous dance honoring her physical comedy, [including] Elaine in Seinfeld. To do something crazy with my girl for my hero is really up there in the top moments of my life!
10. My celebrity crush growing up was Freddie Prinze Jr. I kept magazine clippings of him in my Caboodle.
11. My go-to fast-food order is Wendy’s crispy chicken sandwich with extra pickles, french fries and a Frosty. Cuz I’m classy!
12. My alternate profession would be a therapist. I love going deep.
13. “7 Days” by Craig David brings me back to being a nerdy, horny tween with years ahead of me before I knew what to do with that.
14. My first job was [as a] mother’s helper at 9 years old. Before I could babysit, I babysat while the mom day drank. No judgment.
15. English was my best subject in school. I always loved writing.
16. To decompress after a hectic day, I take a tiny nibble of a weed gummy and a bath with Epsom salts.
17. One of my favorite moments from Broad City is the season 1 finale, when Ilana has an allergic reaction to shellfish and Abbi heroically carries her out of the restaurant after accidentally stabbing herself with an EpiPen. We were dying laughing. I remember Amy Poehler, who directed the episode, doing that silent laugh where her shoulders shook up and down.
18. The TV show I’m currently binge-watching is Bluey.
19. Viola Davis is my dream collaborator. She once said in an interview that she wants to do something funny, [so] I’d love to write something wild yet mundane for her and play opposite her, stressed about losing her respect.
20. The one item left on my bucket list is riding a horse on the beach in a bikini.
21. My fondest childhood memory is making sketch videos with my brother, Eliot. We were obsessed and have the evidence to prove it.
22. I can play the drums.
You have successfully subscribed.
By signing up, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy and to receive emails from Us Weekly
Check our latest news in Google News
Check our latest news in Apple News
23. I collect scraps of paper my daughter writes on.
24. The feature I use the most on my phone is voice memos. My best friend and I leave 20-minute messages to each other and I eat them up.
25. My favorite place to vacation is Marseilles.
You have successfully subscribed.
By signing up, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy and to receive emails from Us Weekly
You have successfully subscribed.
By signing up, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy and to receive emails from Us Weekly
Us Weekly has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.
You have successfully subscribed.
By signing up, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy and to receive emails from Us Weekly
Us Weekly is part of Part of the a360media Entertainment Group. © a360media 2025Powered by WordPress VIP
By clicking Sign In, you agree to our Terms and Conditions and that you have read our Privacy Policy.
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include:
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include: