Aka the new 'It' bag of the season.
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we love. Promise.
Beyoncé wasn't done breaking the internet when she announced Renaissance: Act II and dropped two new songs mid-Superbowl. Last night, she broke it again when she made a surprise New York Fashion Week appearance at the Luar show in Brooklyn. Much to the Beyhive's delight, she sat front row in Renaissance-coded Gaurav Gupta couture, carrying an iridescent Luar handbag that you can grab for under $300. 
Beyoncé's Luar Ana bag is already sold out on Luar's site, but thankfully, a smaller-sized version is still up for grabs on Shopbop—for just $265. There's also Luar's Brooke iridescent leather tote bag—a less structured version of Beyoncé's large Ana bag that features the same sculptural handles—up for grabs on Farfetch for $339. An appearance on Queen B all but guarantees an item will sell out within days, so you'll need to finalize your cart with the same fervor as when you purchased your Renaissance Tour tickets if you want this affordable designer bag. 
Why did Beyoncé choose the Luar show for her surprise NYFW appearance? As it turns out, the night was a Knowles family affair. Beyoncé's mother, Tina Knowles, and her sister, Solange, also attended to watch Solange's son Julez (Daniel J. Smith Jr.) make his runway debut. The best part is Mama Tina also wore a Luar Ana bag—and unlike Bey's bag, the exact size and colorway is still in stock at Farfetch. 
Of all the NYFW shows Beyoncé could have sat front row at this season, it feels fitting that she did so for an up-and-coming Latinx fashion label worn by queer club kids in Brooklyn. Bey 100% knew her attendance would draw attention to the brand, attention designer Raul Lopez rightfully deserves after winning the CFDA award for American Accessory Designer of the Year in 2022. Beyhive members are already speculating Lopez, a friend of Solange's, may be a key couturier for Renaissance: Act II, along with Gaurav Gupta, who designed her crystal-embellished blazer and thigh-high boots ensemble. 
If the Telfar tote bag Beyoncé wore ahead of Act I is any indicator, the Ana bag is about to become impossible to get your hands on. Search queries and social media mentions of Luar have skyrocketed since Beyoncé's appearance last night, and between its affordable price and Brooklyn street cred, the Ana bag is poised to become the 'Bushwick Birkin' 2.0. Should iridescent silver not be your speed (or be sold out by the time you start shopping), you can snag Luar's signature top-handle bags at Shopbop, Nordstrom, and Farfetch in other color options that are equally as covetable.
Sarah Maberry is a fashion and luxury commerce editor at Hearst Magazines, where she covers fashion, beauty and pop culture. A seasoned trend forecaster and fashion historian, she analyzes viral products and trends on a deeper level, helping readers determine what's worth buying. When she’s not writing for ELLE, Harper’s BAZAAR, Town & Country, Esquire, Cosmopolitan and other publications, she can be found roaming the Museum at FIT (her alma matter) or sewing her own couture while she binge-watches reality TV.
 
Ilia’s Limitless Mascara Finally Comes in Brown
Behold: The Duffel That Answered All My Prayers
Reviewed: A New Hair Brand Made for Lazy People
OMG Gap and Dôen Just Dropped Another Collab
15 Fruity Perfumes That Are Downright Delectable
Here Comes The ~Best-Smelling~ Bride
Work Backpacks That Don’t Scream ‘Corporate Drone'
I Have Wide Feet, These Are the Sneakers I Live in
Found: The Best Long-Wear Nail Polish for Summer
Wait—Meghan Markle’s Cutout Sneakers Are on Amazon
Travel Backpacks That Are Actually Cute Exist, FYI
Simply the Best Retinol Serums We've Ever Tested
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.