Source: Jason Bollenbacher / Getty
This week, UPROXX Studios announced the launch of the original series “Halftime,” which is now available on YouTube. This series, which was made in collaboration with State Farm, celebrates the profound cultural impact of HBCU marching bands. “Halftime” started out with a bang by kicking things off with an unforgettable halftime performance at Howard University’s 100th Homecoming football game.
UPROXX Studios partnered with legendary producer Just Blaze and the Showtime Marching Band for the show. Known for making hits for Jay-Z, Eminem, and Beyoncé, the Grammy-nominated producer work with the band on a medley of his iconic tracks. The collaboration seamlessly fused hip-hop with the rich tradition of HBCU marching bands.
“As a Howard alum, this project was personal for me,” said Uproxx’s Head of Video Production, Steve Vasquez Jr. “It gave me the opportunity to showcase the creativity and standard of excellence I put into my work.”
The series chronicles the intense creative journey of Just Blaze, the Showtime Marching Band and Chancellor Mills (the Director of Bands at Howard University who is in his first year on the job) leading up to the performance. “Halftime” spotlights the artistry and cultural significance of HBCU marching bands and showcases Howard’s rich musical legacy.
UPROXX collaborated with the Chadwick A. Boseman College of Fine Arts to provide educational opportunities for students by onboarding interns for hands-on experience in media production and event coordination. The partnership emphasizes State Farm and UPROXX’s commitment to fostering community while investing in the future of HBCU students.
“Halftime” is now available on YouTube. You can also check it out below!


Show A Dope Sound: Just Blaze Teams Up With The Howard University Showtime Marching Band In UPROXX & State Farm’s Miniseries “Halftime” [WATCH] 
						was originally published on
						globalgrind.com



									Savor the City								

									The Family Matters Cast Remembers The Life of Michelle Thomas								

									Activate								

									Fatal Attraction								

									For My Man								

									Beyoncé’s Cowboy Carter Tour Has Social Media In A Chokehold								

									Schedule								

									Featured Shows								

					We care about your data. See our privacy policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.