The formula for the perfect children's song has been unveiled, and it shares the same beats per minute (BPM) and chord structure as songs by Queen and Beyonce. Dr. Michael Bonshor, a music psychology professor at the University of Sheffield, analysed numerous children's classics to discover the ideal formula that would appeal to young ears.
He determined that the perfect children's song should have a BPM between 60-120, a 'marching or swaying' rhythm, and repetitive, rhyming lyrics - along with a major key, which gives a bright and upbeat feel. Songs that follow this rhythm include Queen's hits 'Radio Ga Ga' and 'We Will Rock You', and Beyoncé's 'All the Single Ladies'.
Not only do these songs pleasing to the ears they also teach children crucial skills during their early development as the steady rhythm can aid in developing motor skills and coordination. Dr Bonshor further explained: "Children's music tends to have a simple structure, either with a verse-chorus pattern or just one repeated stand-alone chorus."
"There is often a lot of repetition in the lyrics and melody, which is usually in a bright, major key, is pitched relatively high, and uses a fairly small range of notes."
"The songs have a steady and predictable rhythm, at the kind of speed which encourages children to dance or sway along."
"When there are appealing, repeated lyrics and melodies, young children can't resist joining in with the words, adding actions, bopping around, or doing all three at the same time."
A study of 500 parents, with children aged 0-5, revealed that 8 out of 10 parents said their child wouldn't go a day without listening to music, while 54 per cent appreciate that it doesn't necessarily involve screen time.
Six in ten parents believe exposure to new words and sounds aids cognitive development and 74 per cent believe music has aided their child's development.
For just under half (49 per cent), music helps calm and soothe children, while 41 per cent believe it enhances their social skills as they can sing along with others.
Dr Bonshor has collaborated with toy manufacturers, Fisher-Price, who commissioned the study, to celebrate the launch of its new Link Squad collection.
Link Squad is a new range of toys that allows children to play along with other members of the Link Squad band, helping them learn key skills through music by singing and playing with others.
However, it's not just cognitive skills that can be gained through listening to music, engaging with songs can strengthen the bond between caregiver and child through synchronised movements and shared body language.
Bonshor comments: "Many parents use music to engage with their children, most often singing to them, playing songs, or moving to music."
"These musical activities help children and parents to interact and bond with each other and they also help infants to develop communication skills, such as listening, turn-taking, and expressing and channelling their emotions."
"Music is often used to regulate mood and behaviour, with many parents using songs to soothe and entertain their children, and this can develop into a lifelong interest in music."
Approximately three out of 10 (29 per cent) have children who enjoy songs that incorporate some physical actions and nearly a quarter (23 per cent) prefer a song that has a clearly defined story, like Humpty Dumpty sitting on a wall.
TV presenter and radio host Gemma Atkinson, who is collaborating with the brand, shared: "I think music is so valuable for my son, Thiago's, development because it energises him. It helps with his coordination and it's something fun that we can do together as a family."
"I'd say the music Thiago responds the most to is anything with an up-tempo beat, anything he can clap along to or bounce to."
"And he is partial to trying to add his own backing vocals on the school run. If the radio is on, he'll try and sing along with his 'ah ah, ooh ooh' as best he can, it's really sweet."
The timeless singalong 'The Wheels on the Bus' was voted as the top favourite song among kids, followed closely by 'Twinkle Twinkle Little Star' and 'Head, Shoulders Knees and Toes'.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.