March 9, 2024
TWYG's branding designer said 'it's hard to believe' that the Cécred 'packaging team hadn't stumbled across our work.'
Beyoncé’s newly launched Cécred haircare line is facing allegations of packaging plagiarism from New Zealand skincare brand TWYG.
Amanda Gaskin, the designer behind TWYG’s award-winning branding, expressed “deep disappointment” over the perceived copying. In a candid LinkedIn message, Gaskin detailed the painstaking 18-month process to craft TWYG’s “custom-formed lids” using recycled plastic, undertaken to “prioritize sustainability.” She said, “It’s hard to believe that Beyoncé’s brand and packaging team hadn’t stumbled across our work, especially considering the recognition TWYG received last year.”
Gaskin’s words resonated with beauty strategist Fiona Glen, who initially spotlighted the “stark similarity” between the two brands’ packaging on Linkedin in February. “There’s a good chance that the packaging similarity is a coincidence; however, it’s proof that it’s harder than ever to launch a truly different product,” Glen acknowledged, adding, “Defending IP…is even more difficult when the challenger founder has 319m followers just on Instagram alone.”
Beyoncé is getting called out for copying a New Zealand small business company called TWYG’s packaging for hair care line Cècred”“As the designer behind the brand and packaging of TWYG skincare, which launched in June 2023, I couldn’t help but feel a pang of deep disappointment… pic.twitter.com/Uc75XG7M2c
While recognizing both brands, Glen pondered if “we need ANOTHER celebrity beauty brand” but conceded Cécred displays “a level of authenticity.” She also candidly opined, “Beyoncé’s oil stands out like a sore thumb” amid the otherwise cohesive packaging. For Gaskin, the perceived replication stings despite potential coincidence. “To say I’m gutted would be an understatement, but thank you for acknowledging the similarity and validating my feelings,” she wrote, appreciating Glen’s stance.
Since Beyoncé’s Cécred launch, BLACK ENTERPRISE noted that some fans have questioned Bey’s affinity for haircare with her proven record of wearing hairstyles like wigs and extensions rather than her natural hair. Her father recently addressed fans for coming after his daughter’s project, saying, “We had a hair salon for 17 years, and it was the top hair salon in Houston,” stated the singer’s former manager. “Must have some credibility, right?”
The “Alien Superstar” singer debuted Cécred’s first eight products on Feb. 20. “The journey of creating Cécred has taken years, and I’m so proud to finally reveal what we’ve been working on,” the Grammy-winning superstar said in a press release.
RELATED CONTENT: Big Bank Beyoncé Donates $500K To Cosmetology Schools Nationwide
© 2025 Black Enterprise. All Rights Reserved.