Don’t Make Her Over!
Dionne Warwick isn’t retiring anytime soon. The five-time Grammy winner is gearing up to release new music alongside legendary soul and funk band, Earth, Wind & Fire, who she described as her “all-time favorite group” during an interview with US Weekly published on Aug. 1.
At 83 years old, Warwick is thrilled to be back in the recording studio, though she’s keeping details about her new project under wraps. Fans were intrigued when she launched her She’s Back For The Last Time Tour, wondering if it might be her final live performance. Reflecting on it now, Warwick feels the tour’s title was never meant to be a final farewell but rather a celebration of shifting from the stage to other career prospects.
“What it meant was it’s the last time that I am going to be on the road as much,” Warwick clarified of the retire rumors. “Everybody kept saying, ‘You’re not retiring, are you?’ Not yet. That will happen when I am not able to reach the bar that I set for myself. That’s when I take my little ballet slippers and hang them up and walk on by,” the singer laughed. 
 Play
Warwick, born Marie Dionne Warrick on December 12, 1940, in East Orange, New Jersey, is a name synonymous with soul-stirring music and timeless elegance. Over the decades, Warwick has left an indelible mark on the music industry, blending genres and bridging generations with her unique voice and remarkable career. 
Warwick’s early exposure to music came through church choirs and local performances. She began her professional career in the early 1950s, initially performing as a session singer. It was her distinctive voice and charismatic presence that quickly caught the attention of the music world.
According to The History Makers, at just fourteen, Dionne Warwick, along with her sister and cousin, formed The Gospelaires, a gospel trio that performed at local churches, college campuses, and African American theaters. Their talent earned them widespread recognition when they won an amateur contest at the Apollo Theater. Over the next few years, The Gospelaires provided backing vocals for notable artists like Dinah Washington, Chuck Jackson, and Solomon Burke.
Source: Radio Times / Getty
In 1962, Warwick’s career took a significant turn when she signed with Scepter Records and collaborated with the legendary songwriting duo Burt Bacharach and Hal David. The partnership produced a string of hits that would define her career. Songs like “Don’t Make Me Over,” “Walk On By,” and “I Say a Little Prayer” became instant classics, showcasing her ability to convey deep emotion and sophisticated style.
From 1963 to 1966, she made history as the first crossover artist to score twelve consecutive Top 100 hits. In 1968, Warwick became the first African American solo female artist to win a Grammy for “Do You Know the Way to San Jose.” By 1970, she had released thirty hit singles and nearly twenty best-selling albums, earning a second Grammy for her album I’ll Never Fall in Love Again. She was also the first African American female artist to sing for Queen Elizabeth.
“I knew it was an honor to have been asked to do it. Then I performed before her daughter, Queen Elizabeth in 1968,” Warwick told USA Magazine. “I did that twice. It’s not only an honor, it’s a privilege, to think that first, they know me, who I am, and to request that I be a part of an event that they’re going to be at.”
Dionne Warwick and President Joe Biden at the The Kennedy Center Honorees reception at The White House on December 03, 2023 in Washington, DC. Source: Tasos Katopodis / Getty
After Doja Cat sampled her 1963 classic “Walk on By” in the track “Paint the Town Red,” Warwick admitted she didn’t immediately delve into more of the 28-year-old artist’s music or other popular hits on the radio. However, there are a few contemporary artists in the pop world who do inspire her.
“There are a few artists that I find quite entertaining. Some of the things that Justin Bieber has done are very inspiring,” the “Walk on By” singer said. “Justin Timberlake, he’s a real artist. He sings his little behind off. Beyoncé’s growth has been just tremendous. I’m very proud of her. Alicia Keys, she’s very, very talented and very positive.”
Congrats to the queen Dionne Warwick! We can’t wait to listen to your new music and glad that you are far from retiring!
RELATED CONTENT: Snoop Dogg Was ‘Shook’ When He Got G-Checked By Dionne Warwick

									Screams & Symbolism: Black Horror Scholars Break Down The Cultural Chills of 'Sinners'								

									Terrence Howard Bashed For Rejecting Marvin Gaye Biopic Over Gay Kiss Scene								

									Beyoncé’s ‘Cowboy Carter’ Tour Sparks Meme Madness With Rodeo Runway Looks & Family Vibes								

									Salt-N-Pepa Push It Real Good To The Hall Of Fame: Hip-Hop Icons Honored For Trailblazing Legacy								

									Cassie Claims Diddy’s Pressing For Her Memoir And Money Statements								

									Torrei Hart Enters the Chat: New Podcast Launches on Urban One Network								

									No Scrubs, Just Stars: TLC’s 'CrazySexyCool' Musical Is Headed To Broadway								

									Tyra Banks Thinks Taylor Swift Should Replace Whitney Houston In 'The Bodyguard' Remake — And The Internet Is Pissed								
We've joined the BHM Digital family of websites and have updated our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
					By continuing to use this site, you agree to our updated Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
MadameNoire is a sophisticated lifestyle publication that gives African-American women the latest in fashion trends,
					black entertainment news, parenting tips and beauty secrets that are specifically for black women. Black women
					seek information on a wide variety of topics including African-American hair care, health issues, relationship
					advice and career trends - and MadameNoire provides all of that.

An Urban One Brand 

MadameNoire ® Copyright © 2025 BossipMadameNoire, LLC All Rights Reserved  | BHM Digital