The extremely opinionated rapper and singer-songwriter Azealia Banks has decided add her two cents to the conversation about Beyoncé’s much-anticipated country era, “Renaissance II.”
At this point in her career, Banks is basically known for being a troll on the internet, and fans can almost always expect her to provide controversial critiques about all types of artists. During last weekend’s Super Bowl, Beyoncé dropped two country songs from her “Act II” album dropping on March 29, 2024. 
In reaction, Banks posted the following on her Instagram Story:
“You’re setting yourself up to be ridiculed again…Them critics are not just going to accept an ugly blond wig and, bullying from Jay-Z!!! It’s giving big-time musical grift. Yes, black girls can make country music…but you’re just really not hitting the button. K. Michelle this is your turn to really execute. It’s no shade but K. Michelle truly understands the assignment. Beyoncé please stop the madness.”
In 2016, the “Lemonade” singer performed the song “Daddy’s Lessons” alongside The Chicks at the Country Music Awards, and the performance was met with a lot of racist pushback. If anything, Beyoncé seems to be well aware that she will be highly criticized for this genre shift. However, Beyoncé has always repped her southern Texas roots, so why shouldn’t she be allowed to throw her cowboy hat in the mix?
Banks’ mentioning of K. Michelle also led the “Love & Hip Hop: Atlanta” star from Memphis, Tennessee, to speak up about where she stands with Bey’s new era. She responded to a user saying that someone should “check on her” typing, “Why would anyone need to check on me. I’m one of the greatest African American country singers of all times with no album even out…I’m just happy to be spoke about in my genre. I love Bey and will be supporting her like i always do.”
Michelle, who goes by the stage name Puddin for her country music, talked to Youtuber Terrell Grice in 2023 about how her transition from R&B to country was something that she’s been wanting to do for a while, but her label simply wasn’t interested. Last September, the reality star finally released her first country song, “Tennessee” and months later made her Country Music Awards debut, singing “Live Can Build a Bridge” alongside Jelly Roll. 
Although Banks seemingly tried to make some division between the two artists, Michelle seems less than interested in gatekeeping Black women in country music as she reposted Beyoncé’s new album teaser with the caption, “And I’m about to blasttttt it alllllll the way LOUD.”