The decorated veteran is survived by his wife, daughter, two grandchildren, and a host of extended family.

							By 

	Mya Abraham

R&B Reporter

Beyoncé‘s Uncle Butch has passed away. 

	On Sunday (Feb. 25), Tina Knowles took to Instagram to announce the tragic news of her older brother’s death. Rowland Martin Buyincé, affectionately known as Butch, had died over the weekend at age 77. 

	“My Beautiful big brother Butch went to be with God this weekend. I will miss him so much!” wrote the 70-year-old in her tribute post. 

	“He was a career Air Force man. He loved riding Motorcycles, was a black Belt in Karate, and had the most beautiful green eyes and good looks. He was a great story teller,” Tina continued. “He had an incredible wife Jeanette and devoted daughter Dana two beautiful grandchildren Yvette and Roland. He was greatly loved. Sail on Butch. Rowland Martin (Butch) Buyincé June 1946 – Feb 2024 RIP.”
A post shared by Tina Knowles (@mstinaknowles)

	The tragic news came just days after Knowles praised her daughters on the social media platform for their recent accomplishments. Solange and Beyoncé both graced the covers of magazines this past week.

	






















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Beyoncé Celebrates Tina Knowles' No. 1 Memoir At 'Cowboy Carter' Second LA Show		
			







	“Woke up to these two covers of these gorgeous Fashion Magazines with my two babies on them!!! It is truly a good day!!!” wrote the doting mother. “@solangeknowles and @beyonce so proud of you both because yes !!! you two are gorgeous and successful but what I love the most about you both is your hearts. I love that you mind your business , block out the negative noise , don’t criticize or put other people down, you stay positive. Keep your nose to the grindstone and keep making magic happen with your ART and with your Heart.” 

	The hairstylist-designer concluded, “I love you both and could not be more proud of the kind, generous, loving, mothers, friends, daughters, kick butt smart business women and most of all the women that you have become. love your proud mom.”
A post shared by Tina Knowles (@mstinaknowles)
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.