From her musical beginnings to her new Gucci collaboration, here are a few takeaways from her chat with 'Vogue.'
Source: Neil Mockford / Getty
Every time Solange Knowles does a media interview, we learn something. The multi-talented artist, fashion icon, and member of the Knowles dynasty tends to drop gems with each conversation. We are here for them – and taking notes.
Solange recently sat down with Vogue Australia to discuss her career, creativity, family, and what’s next. From her musical beginnings to her fashion-forward Gucci collaboration, here are a few takeaways from her chat with Vogue.
RELATED: Solange Knowles Is The Epitome Of Elegance In This Sexy Gucci Dress
 


					Related Stories
				





 

Gallery: Why Ty Hunter & Beyoncé Are The Fashion Reunion We Didn’t Know We Needed






 

Celebrities Share Heartbreaking Losses Amid California Wildfires: Jhené Aiko, Tina Knowles, & More






 

Blue Ivy Carter Turns 13 Today: A Look Through Her Years






As the new face of Gucci’s holiday campaign alongside her mom, Tina Knowles, Solange reveals her love for the brand runs deep. Solange also shared that she’s built a strong relationship with Sabato De Sarno, the historic brand’s creative director.
“I’m a big fan of iconography in design, particularly the iconography in logos and graphic design,“ Solange told Vogue Australia. 
The tuba player continued, “Gucci has always been at the forefront of that conversation. I have a song called ‘My Skin My Logo,‘ in which Gucci Mane and I mention Gucci at least 50 times.”
Solange discussed her Gucci campaign companion several times in her interview. After being asked about some of Tina’s best advice, she went to spirituality.
Solange said, “Invite spirituality, prayer, and devotion into my daily life. Although it has taken different forms at different stages of my life, it has always grounded me and given me a compass to navigate through the ups and downs of life, work, and everything in between.”
Tina is more than a maternal figure—she’s a muse. Solange says she sees her mom’s strength and artistry reflected in herself.
While answering a question about her mother chiming in on her Seat At the Table album, Solange said, “I see so much of her in the way I am in the world: the way I want to express myself, the fact that I refuse to be silent, but also the way I allow myself to be human, to invite grace and poetry into my life. She is always part of my artistic process, even if it’s not always directly visible.”
Tina’s connection to her famous daughters is undeniable. Solange and Beyoncé have both noted Mama Tina’s impact on their lives.
Source: Paras Griffin / Getty
Solange has alternated between globe-trotting adventures with her son, Daniel Julez J. Smith Jr., and family celebrations during the holidays. But are we really surprised?
The Saint Heron owner said, “Between the ages of 5 and 13, we spent our holidays in Jamaica, Senegal, Rwanda, and Morocco. But as [my son] got older, we started to establish traditions with the whole family, because I couldn’t compete with the meals and gifts from his grandmother!”
Now, Solange says her trips are more solo and introspective, balancing family time and “me time.”
Fans of A Seat at the Table rejoice. Solange has never stopped making music and plans to return to it soon.
Solange said, “Over the past five years, I’ve focused on creating works that I hope will inspire and occupy a space-time far beyond my own existence. I’m preparing spiritually, physically, artistically, and mentally for my future self at 60 or 70.”
She continued sharing how she’s rediscovered her love of music again. “I’ve built a library, created objects, published books, made sculptures, composed ballet music, and created a performance program. It’s been a prosperous time, but I must say I picked up the drums again a few weeks ago, and I feel like music is meant to capture the spirit. It freezes it in time like no other art form.”
Read Solange’s full Vogue Australia interview here.
RELATED
Solange Knowles’ Son Julez Smith Makes His Met Gala Debut At 19
Solange Reveals She’s Living With This ‘Debilitating, Confusing And Lonely’ Condition

Related Tags


									Derm Diaries: This HBCU Student Shares Her Personal Journey With Atopic Dermatitis								

									Coi Leray Does The Big Chop And We're In Love								

									Simone Biles Accepts The 2025 Time100 Impact Award In Oscar de la Renta								

									Op-Ed: Stop Telling Me I Don’t Need To Lose Any More Weight								

									Beyoncé Drops Custom Grillz For The 'Cowboy Carter Tour'—And We Are Obsessed								

									Lizzo Celebrates Reaching Her Weight Loss Goals On Instagram								

									Jalen Hurts Marries Longtime Girlfriend Bry Burrows								

									Tina Knowles & Michelle Obama's Boots-On-The-Ground Moment Has Us Smiling								

						This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and
						Terms of Service apply.
						

					We care about your data. See our privacy policy.				
Celebrating Your Favorite Black-Owned Brands & Products!
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.