"It’s an athletic event and a collective cultural phenomenon"
Ryan Reynolds has praised Taylor Swift‘s “gigantic but intimate” ‘Eras Tour’, saying he wishes she could “experience” the show from the audience.
The Deadpool actor and his wife Blake Lively are friends with the ‘Tortured Poets’ pop star. Reynolds recently attended one of three dates at the Caesars Superdome in New Orleans on the final leg of Swift’s huge career-spanning tour.
He later posted a series of photos from the night, along with a caption where he hailed Swift and her live show.
“When I’m 95 yrs old and my wife and kids wheel me outside and into the sun so I can drink a sandwich, I’ll still be talking about seeing this show in New Orleans,” Reynolds began.
“Not just because it’s one of the best things I’ve seen/heard/felt. And not only because you see the staggering and positive economic impact this tour has on small businesses all over NOLA – a town that’s been thru so much for so long.”
He continued: “The main reason I’ll never forget this show is because it brings people together in so many ways. And in 2024, (where that feeling is scarce as hell) it’s a special and incredibly rare thing.
A post shared by Ryan Reynolds (@vancityreynolds)
“I’ve shot movies in New Orleans most of my career. It’s a special place on a normal day – but this weekend, felt like Super Bowl or Mardi Gras had a baby with music.”
Reynolds added: “I don’t understand the unimaginable work, care, talent and discipline @taylorswift generates to create an experience like this because I’m not a scientist. It’s an athletic event and a collective cultural phenomenon. It’s gigantic but intimate.
“The only bummer is she can’t be in the audience to experience what everyone else sees and feels. To watch herself up there is something I wish she could know. But that isn’t physically possible and even if it were, you can’t just get tickets last minute.”
Over the summer, Reynolds trolled Swift fans who had been hoping that she would make a cameo appearance in Deadpool & Wolverine. He later joked that the singer had sued him for using her cats on a t-shirt in Deadpool 2.
Last December saw Reynolds tease Swift and his wife Lively by editing himself into a photo of the pair at Beyoncé‘s Renaissance film premiere. “I feel like I should remember this,” he wrote as the caption.
Around the same time, Lively praised Swift and Beyoncé for “aligning” women rather than “dividing” them.
Meanwhile, Swift has just nine shows left on her record-breaking ‘Eras Tour’. She’ll play six nights in Toronto this month ahead of three stops in Vancouver in early December.
In other news, it has been reported that the star had refused to use Ticketmaster’s dynamic pricing function for the ‘Eras Tour’.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.