Manage your account
Tina Knowles always has time to collect a hater — especially when it comes to her daughters. The fashion designer, businesswoman and mother to Beyoncé and Solange took to her Instagram page to defend her eldest daughter from haters questioning her claim to country music.
“We have always celebrated cowboy culture growing up in Texas. We also always understood that it was not just about it belonging to white culture only. In Texas there is a huge Black cowboy culture. Why do you think that my kids have integrated it into their fashion and art since the beginning?” Ms. Tina Knowles wrote in the caption of a video compilation of country-themed Beyoncé photo shoots. “When people ask why is Beyoncé wearing cowboy hats? It’s really funny, I actually laugh because it’s been there since she was a kid. We went to rodeos every year and my whole family dressed in western fashion… It definitely was a part of our culture growing up.”
More from Billboard
Corinne Bailey Rae Electrifies Blue Note Residency With 'Black Rainbows'
Cynthia Strother, One-Half of the Singing Bell Sisters, Dies at 88
Ariana Grande & Kacey Musgraves Announced as Next 'Saturday Night Live' Music Guests
During the 2024 Super Bowl, Beyoncé put down the disco balls and picked up a cowboy hat to kick-start her new musical era. In an eye-popping Verizon commercial — soundtracked by Renaissance era closer “My House” — the superstar declared, “They ready, drop the new music.”
Shortly thereafter, two country singles — “Texas Hold ‘Em” and “16 Carriages” — appeared on streaming services, while a Paris, Texas-inspired teaser popped up on both Queen Bey’s Instagram profile and website. The two new songs are expected to appear on Act II, the second installment of the three-act project Beyoncé kicked off with her Billboard 200-topping Renaissance back in 2022. Since their surprise release, both songs debuted in the top 40 on the Billboard Hot 100 with a partial week of tracking (chart dated Feb. 24). “Texas Hold ‘Em” notched the week’s highest new entry at No. 2, while “16 Carriages” bowed at No. 38.
In her caption, Ms. Tina also noted that her other famous daughter, the Grammy-winning Solange, has also showcased cowboy culture in her work. “Solange did a whole brilliant album and project based on Black cowboy culture,” she wrote, alluding to When I Get Home (2019), the R&B star’s stunning album and film. That record peaked at No. 7 on the Billboard 200, marking Solange’s third consecutive top 10 album.
While the Knowles matriarch continues to keep naysayers and doubters in check as Beyoncé embarks on her new era, the “Daddy Lessons” singer is already making history with her foray into country music. On Tuesday (Feb. 20), “Texas Hold ‘Em” became the first song by a Black woman to debut atop the Hot Country Songs chart.
Read Ms. Tina’s address to Beyoncé’s naysayers here:
Best of Billboard
Janet Jackson's Biggest Billboard Hot 100 Hits
H.E.R. & Chris Brown 'Come Through' to No. 1 on Adult R&B Airplay Chart
Anne Wilson's 'I Still Believe in Christmas' Crowns Christian Airplay Chart