By Hugh McIntyre 
			on 
			February 28, 2024									@popbanghugh



Beyoncé is already one of the biggest stars in the music industry – and not just of the moment, either. The superstar has been a force in the business for decades, but even she can find new avenues to explore and manage feats she’s never accomplished.
The singer has been making history on the Billboard charts for two weeks with her latest smash, which has become an important win for more than just this one chart-topper.
Last week, Beyoncé’s new single “Texas Hold ‘Em” debuted at No. 1 on Billboard’s Hot Country Songs chart. As the tune arrived in first place, she became the first Black woman to rule the most important country chart managed by the company. That’s right – it took until 2024 for a Black female artist to score the No. 1 country song in America.
This week, “Texas Hold ‘Em” didn’t just continue to rule that list, it improved on the most competitive tally published by Billboard.
The single rose to No. 1 on the Hot 100, which ranks the most-consumed tunes in the nation. (The song marks Beyoncé’s ninth solo win and her thirteenth overall, including her work with Destiny’s Child, which made her a household name.)
Beyoncé is now the first Black woman to rule the Hot 100 with a country single. She also makes history as the first Black female musician to dominate the Hot 100 and the Hot Country Songs chart with the same smash.
In addition to that achievement, “Texas Hold ‘Em” is also a relatively rare No. 1 among women in country. Beyoncé is only the fourth solo female musician to control the two aforementioned charts with the same cut. She joins Taylor Swift, Kacey Musgraves, and Dolly Parton in this feat.
“Texas Hold ‘Em” is now No. 1 on three of Billboard’s country charts. It’s relatively uncommon for a woman to rule them all – the Hot Country Songs, Country Digital Song Sales, and Country Streaming Songs rankings – let alone a Black artist. The song is still climbing on the country radio list, but if it is destined to find its way to the summit, it will likely take a while, as adoption on the radio can be much slower than when it comes to sales and streams.
Beyoncé teased that she had new music ready in a commercial that aired during the Super Bowl.
At the end of the expensive Verizon spot, a voiceover from the musician herself stated that the world was ready for the new tunes. After the game, she dropped not just “Texas Hold ‘Em,” but also “16 Carriages,” a companion track.
Both “Texas Hold ‘Em” and “16 Carriages” serve as the lead singles from her forthcoming album, Renaissance Act II.
The full-length is the second installment in her Renaissance series, which will feature three projects. The first arrived in 2022, and it saw Beyoncé diving headfirst into dance and electronic music. Now, she’s trying her hand at country, and so far, things are going pretty spectacularly.

 
											By Doug Rule 
											on 
											April 8, 2025																																	@ruleonwriting



“I was talking to a couple of homosexuals down in Melbourne, and they were talking to me about listening to Kylie,” John Grant says rather gleefully, clearly relishing this anecdote from his recent tour of Australia. “And I was like, ‘She came and guested at my show at Royal Albert Hall, and came on stage during ‘Glacier.’” The Aussies’ response? “They were just looking at me like I had two heads on my shoulders. They were looking at me like a German Shepherd hearing a weird noise.
“It was really hilarious,” he continues, “because it was just as epic for me as it was for them hearing that.”
These are challenging times for news organizations. And yet it’s crucial we stay active and provide vital resources and information to both our local readers and the world. So won’t you please take a moment and consider supporting Metro Weekly with a membership? For as little as $5 a month, you can help ensure Metro Weekly magazine and MetroWeekly.com remain free, viable resources as we provide the best, most diverse, culturally-resonant LGBTQ coverage in both the D.C. region and around the world. Memberships come with exclusive perks and discounts, your own personal digital delivery of each week’s magazine (and an archive), access to our Member's Lounge when it launches this fall, and exclusive members-only items like Metro Weekly Membership Mugs and Tote Bags! Check out all our membership levels here and please join us today!

More Scene

Washington's LGBTQ Magazine
P.O. Box 11559
Washington, DC 20008
(202) 638-6830
About Us page


Follow Us:
· Facebook
· Twitter
· Flipboard

· YouTube
· Instagram
· RSS News | RSS Scene

Copyright ©2024 Jansi LLC.

													You must be logged in to post a comment.