ByIme Ekpo
ByIme Ekpo, Contributor. Forbes contributors publish independent expert analyses and insights. I write about hip-hop and African/Black diaspora matters.
ByIme Ekpo,
 Contributor. 
Beyoncé poses for the cover of her eighth studio album, 'Cowboy Carter.'
Beyoncé broke the internet as she revealed the official cover for her eighth studio album, Cowboy Carter on Instagram. The album is the second installment of the multi-Grammy award-winning artist’s three-act project, encompassing a theme dedicated to the cultural roots of country music and her own familial Texan roots.
The post began the 10-day countdown to its March 29 release, where Beyoncé expresses gratitude to her supporters and highlights her experience since the release of the highly anticipated album's two singles.
“Today marks the 10-day countdown until the release of act ii,” the “Texas Hold ‘Em” singer wrote. “Thank you from the bottom of my heart to all of the supporters of TEXAS HOLD ‘EM and 16 CARRIAGES. I feel honored to be the first Black woman with the number one single on the Hot Country Songs chart. That would not have happened without the outpouring of support from each and every one of you. My hope is that years from now, the mention of an artist’s race, as it relates to releasing genres of music, will be irrelevant.”
Beyoncé revealed that Cowboy Carter took five years to complete and cited a challenging experience in the country music industry as its main inspiration.
Beyoncé poses for in a visual for her eighth studio album, 'act ii'.
“This album has been over five years in the making,” she explained. “It was born out of an experience that I had years ago where I did not feel welcomed…and it was very clear that I wasn’t. But, because of that experience, I did a deeper dive into the history of country music and studied our rich musical archive.”
She went on to credit the power of music in fostering camaraderie, along with those who have actively disseminated information about music history. Beyoncé has also hinted at "a few surprises" on the album, as she has collaborated with artists whom she respects, promising unique contributions.
The "Formation" singer has so far released two singles from the album, "Texas Hold ‘Em" and “16 Carriages,” both of which have swiftly topped the U.S. Country iTunes charts. Within less than twenty four hours after its release, “16 Carriages” claimed the top spot in the country category only to be replaced by its companion single "Texas Hold ‘Em," propelling Beyoncé to occupy both number one and two spots on the chart at the time.
LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA - FEBRUARY 04: (L-R) Beyoncé and Jay-Z onstage during the 66th GRAMMY Awards ... More at Crypto.com Arena on February 04, 2024 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Kevin Mazur/Getty Images for The Recording Academy)
The album, Cowboy Carter, is blatantly a country-themed installment in the singer's proposed trilogy series, following the release of its first part, Renaissance in 2022. Renaissance produced her chart-topping single "Break My Soul" along with other hits like "Cuff It," "America Has A Problem" and "Virgo’s Groove," and the album debuted at number one on the U.S. Billboard 200 chart.
Infusing elements of 1970s disco and house, Renaissance became a cultural phenomenon within Black culture, shedding light on the African-American influence on American dance music that has often been overlooked. The album received eight Grammy nominations in 2023, leading to Beyoncé winning four awards and making history as the artist with the most Grammy wins at an impressive 32.
Prepping for her new era in music, Beyoncé, determined that she "Can't B Broken" by Verizon's 5G network, is seen accessing various scenarios where she challenges her ability to break the internet in the viral Super Bowl commercial.
From revisiting her renowned “Lemonade” video, getting "saxy" with a phantom album, turning into a Twitch streamer as "Slayoncé," transforming into Beyonc-AI, getting dolled up as “BarBey,” becoming the first female President of the United States to becoming the first woman to launch a rocket into space and perform, Beyoncé stands sturdy on her throne. She concludes the ad by hinting at something new with the words: "Okay, they ready. Drop the new music."
Minutes after the commercial dropped, Beyoncé released an Instagram reel showcasing her new single, “Texas Hold ‘Em.” The short video features a scene on an open Texas road with some country gentlemen looking up at the sky in anticipation of a billboard reveal. Classic country tunes, including Charles Anderson’s “Laughing Yodel” and Chuck Berry’s “Maybellene,” play in the background as a billboard comes into view. The billboard reveals an animated enhanced Beyoncé promoting the March 29 release of Act II.
Cowboy Carter features production from longtime collaborator Stuart White, as well as Raphael Saadiq, Hit-Boy and Mariel Gomerez—all of whom contributed to the trilogy’s first installment. Rhiannon Giddens is also featured as the core banjo and viola player.
LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA - FEBRUARY 04: Beyoncé supports Jay-Z as he accepts the Dr. Dre Global ... More Impact Award during the 66th GRAMMY Awards at Crypto.com Arena on February 04, 2024 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Kevin Mazur/Getty Images for The Recording Academy)
This isn't her first foray into country music. "Texas Hold 'Em" and "16 Carriages" were her second and third country singles, following "Daddy Lessons" from her 2016 album, Lemonade, which is an ode to the singer’s rocky bond with her father, Matthew Knowles.
The song sparked a resurgence of interest in the Black cowboy lifestyle and ultimately landed a remix featuring the The Chicks, formerly known as the Dixie Chicks. However, controversy arose when the Recording Academy rejected the song for a nomination in the country category for the 59th Annual Grammy Awards.
Cowboy Carter marks Beyoncé's second foray into country music, celebrating her Texas roots while honoring the genre's historical significance as a creation of and platform for Black musicians.