81 °F
The Democratic nominee is hoping that the aftereffects from the fall of Roe v. Wade will spur voters to turn out to support her quest for the presidency.
As the election clock ticked into its final hour, Vice President and Democratic presidential candidate Kamala Harris held a campaign rally at Houston Shell Energy Stadium with Houston-native Beyoncé.  
Lines could already be seen forming outside the stadium Friday morning before sunrise. 
One attendee, April Busby, told Houston Public Media's Lucio Vasquez that she arrived at 4 a.m. to be among the first in line to see Harris.
"I really, truly believe that she is going to bring us above the other guy, and we need that. We need her to unify all of us," Busby said. "I see all these people and the things that we are talking about and it's amazing."
RELATED: Beyonce to appear with Kamala Harris at Houston rally, according to multiple reports
U.S. Army veteran Steven Jackson was also in line early and said he was glad Harris had decided to make a stop in Texas despite it being a solidly red state. Jackson said he hopes that undecided candidates can take the opportunity to really pay attention to what the candidates have to say.
"Use your ears, but more importantly, use your eyes," he said. "I know that a lot of Republican candidates are like, ‘don't believe what you see on TV; don't believe what you hear on the radio or what you hear in newspapers, but what else are you supposed to believe if you don't believe those things? ... You need to actually do some in-depth research, do some looking and actually find out what things can back up their statements."
Gwendolyn McAfee said this would be her first presidential rally and that she woke up early to catch the morning train so she could claim her spot in line.
"I could not sleep last night; I am so excited," she said. "I can almost cry about just even being here, meeting with these people, talking with these people, and knowing that we're all going to be experiencing something so great together. This powerful, powerful woman, our vice president, is coming to our city."
During his four years in office, Trump erased half a century of hard-fought progress when he appointed the Supreme Court justices who overturned Roe v. Wade, Harris will said.
"And now, he wants to go even further. Let us be clear: If Donald Trump wins again, he will ban abortion nationwide," Harris said, according to excerpts released ahead of the rally highlighting the medical fallout from abortion restrictions.
The message was being delivered to a packed stadium of supporters who wore flashing LED bracelets as "trust women" and "freedom" flashed on big screens between acts. But it was intended to register in the political battlegrounds away from Texas, where the Democratic nominee is hoping that the aftereffects from the fall of Roe v. Wade will spur voters to turn out to support her quest for the presidency.
"For anyone watching from another state, if you think you are protected from Trump abortion bans because you live in Michigan, Pennsylvania, Nevada, New York, California, or any state where voters or legislators have protected reproductive freedom, please know: No one is protected," she said. "Because a Donald Trump national ban will outlaw abortion in every single state."
Since abortion was restricted in Texas, the state's infant death rate has increased, more babies have died of birth defects and maternal mortality has risen.
With the presidential election in a dead heat, Harris is banking on abortion rights as a major driver for voters — including for Republican women, particularly since Trump appointed three of the Supreme Court justices who voted to overturn the constitutional right.
Harris' campaign has taken on Beyoncé's 2016 track "Freedom" as its anthem, and the message dovetails with the vice president’s emphasis on reproductive freedom. The singer's planned appearance Friday adds a high level of star power to Harris’ visit to the state. Harris was joined Friday by actress Jessica Alba, and Willie Nelson sang some of his greatest hits, including "On the Road Again.”
“Hey, how are y'all doing?" the 91-year-old Nelson asked the crowd. "Are we ready to say Madam President?"
They’re the latest stars to stump for Harris, including Lizzo, James Taylor, Spike Lee, Tyler Perry, Samuel L. Jackson, Bruce Springsteen and Eminem. While in Texas, Harris also taped a podcast with host Brené Brown.
To embed this piece of audio in your site, please use this code:
Shell Energy Stadium has a maximum capacitor of 22,039. Harris's most recent rally in Georgia reportedly set a record with over 20,000 people in attendance. 
Ahead of Harris's rally, Jim "Mattress Mack" McIngvale held a pro-Trump rally at his North Freeway Gallery Furniture location. Former President Trump will also be in Texas today recording a podcast episode with Joe Rogan and holding a border-related press conference, both of which will take place in Austin.
The city has closed the roads between the 600 and 700 blocks of St Emanuel Street from Rusk to Texas Street in preparation for the Harris rally. Other sections of Caroline Street, Ballas Street Austin Street and Lamar Street will be closed surrounding Shell Energy Stadium. The roads will remain closed until at least midnight. 
List of street closures:
Lucio Vasquez and the Associated Press contributed to this story.
Know more about Kyle McClenagan
More Articles by This Author
Houston Public Media is supported with your gifts to the Houston Public Media Foundation and is licensed to the University of Houston
© 2025 Houston Public Media