WEATHER ALERT
Moriah Ballard, Digital Reporter
Published: March 13, 2024 at 2:37 PM
Updated: March 14, 2024 at 4:51 AM
Moriah Ballard, Digital Reporter
HOUSTON – Between Beyoncé's album reveal, to Megan Thee Stallions’ tour announcement, the Houston women are certainly working to bring us the vibes JUST in time for summer.
And what better month to do it in than in Women’s History Month!
Recommended Videos
via GIPHY
On Wednesday, Megan announced that she will be on the road traveling from city to city for her ‘Hot Girl Summer’ tour.
The last time we saw her hit the stage, she was alongside Bey at the Renaissance Tour, performing their hit song Savage.
(If you were there, you know how WILD the crowd went when she hit the stage!)
SEE ALSO: ‘I performed with BEYONCE’: Megan Thee Stallion posts teary video recounting performing with Beyonce in Houston
The Grammy-winning artist, known for her lyrics, beats, and positive attitude, is gearing up to give fans an unforgettable experience in the city that helped shape her career.
As one of the most prominent figures in contemporary rap, Megan has created a devoted following with her empowering anthems and fierce personality.
Throughout her career, Megan has been a vocal advocate for issues such as women’s empowerment, racial justice, and body positivity. By using her platform to amplify marginalized voices and spark meaningful conversations, Megan has become a beacon of hope for fans around the world.
The Texas Southern University alum founded the Pete and Thomas Foundation after both of her parents who passed away. The foundation provides resources “to effect meaningful and positive change in the lives of women and children, senior citizens, and underserved communities in Houston and across the globe.”
SEE ALSO: Megan Thee Stallion honors late parents with launch of Pete and Thomas Foundation
As anticipation builds for the Houston tour stop, tickets are expected to sell out quickly!
She will be releasing specific dates for the tour in about a week.
(But, I’m already looking for an outfit🤷‍♀️🤣)
Sign up for our Things to Do newsletter where we'll keep you up to date on upcoming events around the Houston area.
SEE ALSO: Houston rapper Megan Thee Stallion graduates from Texas Southern University
Beyoncé, Megan thee Stallion show out for Houston at the Grammys
Houston rapper Megan Thee Stallion to give away two $10K scholarships to 2 women of color
Houston rapper Megan Thee Stallion named one of the most influential people of 2020
Houston rapper Travis Scott offers to pay tuition for 5 HBCU students on Twitter
Copyright 2024 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
Recommended Videos
TV Listings
Email Newsletters
RSS Feeds
Contests and Rules
Contact Us
Meet the Team
Careers at KPRC
Closed Captioning / Audio Description
Public File
Current EEO Report
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Do Not Sell My Info
FCC Applications
Cookie Preferences
If you need help with the Public File, call (713) 778-4745
At KPRC, we are committed to informing and delighting our audience. In our commitment to covering our communities with innovation and excellence, we incorporate Artificial Intelligence (AI) technologies to enhance our news gathering, reporting, and presentation processes. Read our article to see how we are using Artificial Intelligence.
Copyright © 2025 Click2Houston.com is managed by Graham Digital and published by Graham Media Group, a division of Graham Holdings.