Things just keep getting better and better for David J., the fast-rising country star born in Rotterdam, who now makes his home in Nashville, Tennessee.
On Monday morning, David announced his first-ever headline tour called "Commitment Issues" which contains a total of 13 shows throughout April, including a show at Empire Live in Albany on Friday, April 5th. 
According to his Instagram account, tickets to see David J in concert will go on sale Friday at 9 am EST.  David will be doing a total of three shows in New York. In addition to his Albany show on the 5th, he'll be in NYC on April 11th and in Syracuse on the 12th.
A post shared by (@davidj) Back in June, it was announced that David had signed a major record deal, working alongside a giant in the music industry, Ryan Tedder.   Tedder, the lead singer of the band One Republic, has worked as a songwriter and producer for various artists since the mid-2000s. His credentials are a who's who among industry giants; U2, Beyoncé, Miley Cyrus, Ed Sheeran, Jonas Brothers, Jennifer Lopez, Camila Cabello, Lady Gaga, Maroon 5,  One Direction, Taylor Swift, Katy Perry, Ariana Grande, Paul McCartney, and now, David J.
David has always had a strong following here in the Capital Region, but he's flourished in the last year or so since he moved to Nashville.
Back in June, it was announced that the teenager from Upstate NY had signed a major record deal, working alongside a giant in the music industry, Ryan Tedder.   Tedder, the lead singer of the band One Republic, has worked as a songwriter and producer for various artists since the mid-2000s.
Tedder's credentials are a who's who among industry giants; U2, Beyoncé, Miley Cyrus, Ed Sheeran, Jonas Brothers, Jennifer Lopez, Camila Cabello, Lady Gaga, Maroon 5,  One Direction, Taylor Swift, Katy Perry, Ariana Grande, Paul McCartney, and now, David J.
According to Music Row, Tedder had only praise for his newly-signed talent saying, “David is a true unicorn talent and I’m thrilled that Runner can partner with Sony to help bring his music to the world."
Sony Music Nashville is home to artists such as Luke Combs, Brooks and Dunn, Maren Morris, Old Dominion, Corey Kent, Kane Brown, Faith Hill, and more
Throughout the years, David J has opened up for artists like Blake Shelton, Mitchell Tenpenny, Chase Rice, and Hardy and recently performed at the GNA Secret Star Show at Proctor's in Schenectady alongside Lauren Alaina and Mitchel Tenpenny. 
Gallery Credit: Matty Jeff
Gallery Credit: Matty Jeff
Gallery Credit: Matty Jeff