Rebeca Andrade has been enjoying her time off since winning a gold medal in the 2024 Summer Games in Paris.
We’ve seen the 25-year-old Brazilian gymnast teasing with flirty dance moves in a fire yellow dress, and crush her vacation in Italy in a pink minidress.
In her latest post, Andrade took to the beaches of the state of Bahia in Brazil to show off her tiny black bikini in poses while on an ATV. She captioned the post, “Bahia, you have my heart ❤️.”
RELATED: Livvy Dunne's sheer all-black Halloween fit proves short shorts are in
That’s definitely the physique of a gold medal gymnast.
RELATED: Simone Biles' sister Adria rocks Bratz doll schoolgirl Halloween fit
Andrade is also known as "Rebeyonce" in Brazil for her love of the singer Beyoncé. The nickname stuck when she performed floor exercises in the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio to Beyoncé songs.
With a gold in the 2024 Summer Games in Paris, Andrade now holds six overall Olympic medals — two golds, three silvers, and one bronze. She also has the claim of defeating USA’s Simone Biles at Biles’ signature floor exercise event.
Andrade’s latest look and poses are certainly a perfect 10. 
— Enjoy free dish of rich and fabulous players with The Athlete Lifestyle on SI —
WNBA > NBA: Cameron Brink outshines NBA stars in all-black, knee-high boots fit
QB1-upper: Ciara’s curvy black dress fit will have hubby Russell Wilson in awe
Speaking of: Ciara shows love to fit that’s another Russell Wilson ex-NFL team color
Rom-com reality: Suni Lee shares flirty date night look in designer glasses
Random: Livvy Dunne oddly does gymnastics in drugstore for Jake Paul’s brand
Matt Ryan is a dedicated sports journalist with over 20 years of experience in digital and linear media. After receiving a Masters in Journalism from USC, he’s worked for Fox Sports, NBC Sports, Yahoo Sports, USA Today Sports Media Group, and Bally Sports, while holding various leadership roles along the way.
© 2025 2024 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.