For fans and record collectors alike, there are a few ways to get your hands on Beyonce's country album on LP.

	If you weren’t able to snag tickets to Beyoncé’s long-awaited Cowboy Carter tour, which she kicked off Monday night with a major three-hour concert in L.A, you can still enjoy the tracks from the Grammy-winning record on vinyl. 

	If you’re looking to memorialize the Grammy-winning album, “Cowboy Carter” is available in special-edition vinyl, CD, cassettes online, with multiple ways to get your hands on the album on LP.





	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					Celtics Sale Shows Media’s New Pot of Gold: Sports Teams as Mega-Brands 		
			














	
		
					'House of the Dragon' Season 3 Casts Barry Sloane, Tom Cullen, Joplin Sibtain		
			








	Beyoncé first released “Cowboy Carter” on vinyl through her official website upon the album’s release last year, with the limited-edition cover art depicting a microphone in the shape of a gun. A press release says the vinyl artwork was inspired by “Thelma and Louise running from the law, but the gun is invisible, hyper exaggerated reality.”



	 Beyoncé finally won Album of the Year at this past Grammys with with her genre-bending country album.

	“I just feel very full and very honored. It’s been many, many years,” Beyoncé said while accepting the top prize on stage in February. “I just want to thank the Grammys, every songwriter, every collaborator, every producer, for all of the hard work,” she said in accepting. “I want to dedicate this to Miss (Linda) Martell, and I’ll just hopefully keep pushing forward, opening doors.”

	Check out a few of the best ways to find Cowboy Carter on vinyl below, and check out more 

		Walmart also has Beyoncé’s country album on LP available to order. Walmart+ members get free shipping, early access to other new releases, special discounts and more. Get a 30-day free trial to Walmart+ here. 

		The “Cowboy Carter” vinyl on Beyoncé’s site was made available in four colors: a white disc, black disc, red disc and blue disc. While the LP set quickly sold out on Beyonce.com, you can still find the limited-edition vinyl available on eBay (as of this writing).	

		You can also find “Cowboy Carter” on vinyl through Amazon, which is selling a two-disc set online for $34. The set includes the album on two black vinyl LPs, along with collectible gatefold and sleeves. This is the official vinyl that was released on  April 12.	

		A great site for rare and hard-to-find vinyl is Merchbar.com, and the site currently has Beyoncé’s “Cowboy Carter” vinyl in stock. 	

		You can also find the “Cowboy Carter” vinyl at Target. While Target often has exclusive versions of popular releases, this does not appear to be a “Cowboy Carter” Target-exclusive, but rather the same LP as the other retailers above.	

	All of these sites are official sellers of the “Cowboy Carter” album on vinyl, especially since each of them previously offered limited-edition sets and LP versions of “Renaissance.”
The Business of Entertainment