Home » Music
RAYE has revealed that she wrote one of the tracks on Beyonce’s Cowboy Carter album.
The BRIT award winner – who previously wrote songs for Beyonce including 2019’s “Bigger,” has shared that she co-wrote “Riverdance” on Beyonce’s new country music record.
““happy COWBOY CARTER day. What an honour it is to being able to contribute my small piece to this beautiful album, and to THE @beyonce who continues to inspire all of us. Track 23 : RIIVERDANCE , co – written by me found my beat up cowboy hat I bought on my 21st birthday for this special occasion.” she wrote while sharing a clip of herself singing the track on Instagram.
The record also features collaborations with Miley Cyrus, Post Malone and a cover of Dolly Parton‘s “Jolene.”
“Wow, I just heard ‘Jolene.’ Beyoncé is giving that girl some trouble and she deserves it! Love, Dolly P.” Dolly shared.
RAYE, 26, quit her own label when they wouldn’t release her debut album and went on to make history by winning six BRIT Awards earlier this year.
The star – who has written for Little Mix, John Legend and Rihanna in the past – has previously shared her frustration with how songwriters are treated in the music industry.
“For an industry that profits off songs, you got these CEOs and big label execs living in their fat huge Chelsea mansions, living a beautiful life, meanwhile songwriters you are profiting off are broke, can’t afford rent and fighting over scraps of publishing that is sat in bank accounts for two years before they receive a penny, because publishers have kept it in there so they can collect interest and make a whole separate business,” she was quoted by the Daily Star newspaper’s Wired column as saying.
The “Escapism” hitmaker also reflected on the breakdown of how singers and songwriters are paid.
“Every single song that’s released in the world, there are 100 royalty points.”
“The label will take, say, 80 points. The artist will take maybe 20, 15, or maybe 12 and then producers get four points, but it has to come out of the artist’s points.
“And the songwriter doesn’t even get one point. It’s disgusting, the whole industry is disgusting. That’s one little example of what goes on behind closed doors where there is no accountability,” she added.