Source: Christopher Polk / Getty
Cissy Houston, the beloved mother of late icon Whitney Houston and a two-time Grammy Award-winning singer, has died. She was 91.
She was under hospice care for Alzheimer’s disease at the time of her passing, according to a statement provided to AP from the family, who surrounded her as she transitioned.
“Our hearts are filled with pain and sadness. We loss the matriarch of our family,” Cissy’s daughter-in-law Pat Houston said.
Pat added: “Mother Cissy has been a strong and towering figure in our lives. A woman of deep faith and conviction, who cared greatly about family, ministry, and community. Her more than seven-decade career in music and entertainment will remain at the forefront of our hearts.”
While Cissy gave the world an incomparable talent in Whitney Houston, her own gifts should never be forgotten or go unrecognized.
She got her start in music with her siblings, who together formed the gospel group, The Drinkard Four, in 1938.
Later, Cissy was a member of vocal group “The Sweet Inspirations,” who saw much success in the 60s, taking the stage alongside legends like Elvis Presley, Aretha Franklin, Otis Redding, Lou Rawls, The Drifters and Dionne Warwick.
Source: Michael Ochs Archives / Getty
Houston pivoted away from the group after four albums to explore a solo career, in which she continued to thrive.
She won back-to-back Grammys for best traditional soul gospel album for her projects “Face to Face” in 1997 and “He Leadeth Me” in 1998.
Throughout her career, Cissy became a vocal go-to for many iconic artists, including her daughter.
Her voice was also featured on music from Chaka Khan, Donny Hathaway, Jimi Hendrix, Luther Vandross, Beyoncé, Paul Simon and Roberta Flack, just to name a few.
It was clear that Cissy was the driving force behind Whitney’s iconic voice and was her guide to superstardom.
Source: Jim Smeal / Getty
TV One joins music lovers and fans across the world in mourning this monumental loss, but also taking comfort in the belief that she is now reunited with her beloved daughter and granddaughter Bobbi Kristina.
We send our heartfelt condolences to the Houston family and all who were touched by Cissy’s beautiful gift.

Related Tags


									Savor the City								

									The Family Matters Cast Remembers The Life of Michelle Thomas								

									Activate								

									Fatal Attraction								

									For My Man								

									Beyoncé’s Cowboy Carter Tour Has Social Media In A Chokehold								

									Schedule								

									Featured Shows								

					We care about your data. See our privacy policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.