By JUSTIN ENRIQUEZ and CARLY JOHNSON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  17:27, 24 June 2024   |  Updated:  18:46, 24 June 2024   
 82
View  comments
Beyonce and Jay-Z were seen for the first time since their absence from the public eye which sparked wild conspiracy theories involving a Diddy connection.
The A-list couple were joined by daughter Blue Ivy Carter, 12, on a joy ride through The Hamptons in a vintage Land Rover Defender 110 from the late 1990s.
The 42-year-old Cowboy Carter megastar seemed to be documenting the drive in the classic SUV as she was seen holding up her phone as they drove through the affluent neighborhood.
Beyonce had a massive smile on her face as her 54-year-old rapper husband - born Shawn Corey Carter - was behind the wheel of the vehicle.
Blue Ivy could be seen sitting in the back seat though it remains uncertain if her other two siblings - seven-year-old twins Rumi and Sir - were with them. 
Beyonce and Jay-Z were seen for the first time since their absence from the public eye which sparked wild conspiracy theories involving a Diddy connection
The outing comes weeks after  speculation that their weeks-long absence from the publicity circuit is somehow connected to Diddy. 
Beyonce has seemingly 'disappeared' after releasing her new album Cowboy Carter this past March and she hasn't attended a single red carpet event since the iHeart Radio Music Awards on April 1.
A wild conspiracy theory is suggesting that both Beyonce and her husband Jay-Z, 54, are 'laying low' amid their disgraced pal Sean 'Diddy' Combs' sexual abuse scandal, as per Page Six. 
An insider further speculates that the couple are so 'nervous' about drawing attention to their Diddy ties that Beyonce is purposely neglecting Cowboy Carter promo.
DailyMail.com has reached out to reps for Beyonce and Jay-Z for comment. 
More recently Beyonce has been active posting on social media beginning with a bold return to Instagram on June 6.
The 32-time Grammy Award-winner had offloaded a slew of glamour shots that show her rocking a beige cowboy hat and a busty suede frock.
The A-list couple were joined by daughter Blue Ivy Carter, 12, on a joy ride through The Hamptons in a vintage Land Rover Defender 110 from the late 1990s
A wild conspiracy theory is suggesting that both Beyonce and her husband Jay-Z, 54, are 'laying low' amid their disgraced pal Sean 'Diddy' Combs' sexual abuse scandal, as per Page Six
Combs, 54, is currently facing eight lawsuits relating to allegations of rape, physical abuse, sex trafficking, racketeering and other serious crimes that span across 30 years. 
The music mogul's Los Angeles and Miami mansions were raided by Homeland Security agents in March as part of a sex-trafficking probe that may lead to a grand jury indictment.
In May, a horrifying video was released showing Combs violently assaulting his then-girlfriend Cassie Ventura in a hotel hallway in 2016.
Cassie, who was in a relationship with Combs for 10 years, accused him of rape and physical abuse in a bombshell November 2023 lawsuit that was settled one day later for $30million.
Beyonce's Cowboy Carter was released on March 29 — three days after the Diddy raids — and it spent two consecutive weeks atop the Billboard 200 album chart.
With songs featuring Miley Cyrus, Dolly Parton and Willie Nelson, Beyonce also made history as the first Black woman to top the country album charts.
'This was supposed to be Beyoncé's time, with her much-anticipated country album out [just] two months ago,' Page Six's source said.
'And yet, she is nowhere to be seen. The album is slipping and Jay and B aren't reveling in the spotlight.'
Beyonce had seemingly 'disappeared' after releasing her new album Cowboy Carter this past March and she hasn't attended a red carpet event since the iHeart Radio Music Awards on April 1 (pictured)
The insider then brought up Jay-Z's controversial 2024 Grammys speech, where he called out the Recording Academy for never awarding his wife Album Of The Year despite her being the most decorated female artist. 
'About a month before the [March 29] release, Jay-Z got up at the Grammys and whined that Beyoncé had never won Album of the Year,' they said.
'But now what? Does he think she will win . . . for Cowboy Carter with no promotion . . . no appearances and no wooing of the academy?'
They noted that although Cowboy Carter had a successful release, the album is 'definitely not the juggernaut everyone thought it would be.'
The insider believes that Beyonce has seemingly abandoned ship because 'something is going on' behind-the-scenes.
'Something is going on. It came out with a bang. No. 1 everywhere. [Now] it and she have disappeared,' the insider concluded.  
Jay-Z's friendship with Combs dates back to the early 1990s as they both navigated their early rap careers in New York. 
They've collaborated on a number of songs, including a track on Combs' debut 1997 studio album No Way Out.
More recently Beyonce has been active posting on social media beginning with a bold return to Instagram on June 6 
The 32-time Grammy Award-winner offloaded a slew of glamour shots that show her rocking a beige cowboy hat and a busty suede frock
Beyonce began dating Jay-Z in 2000 and she soon found the Bad Boy Records exec in her orbit.
As the speculation around her public absence continues, Beyonce appeared unbothered in Thursday's Instagram snaps.  
The Halo hitmaker first uploaded a photo slideshow set to the tune of the Cowboy Carter track SWEET ★ HONEY ★ BUCKIIN' featuring Shaboozey.
She looked like a busty bombshell as she twirled around in beige suede frock with vibrant floral decals.
The inside of the low-cut number was lined with pink and leopard-print fabric. 
Beyonce cinched in her already tiny waist with a thin brown leather belt and she paraded around in brown steel-toed booties. 
The mother-of-three modeled high-waisted Daisy Duke shorts that showed off her killer legs.
Combs, 54, is currently facing eight lawsuits relating to allegations of rape, physical abuse, sex trafficking, racketeering and other serious crimes that span across 30 years. The music mogul's Los Angeles and Miami mansions were raided by Homeland Security agents in March as part of a sex-trafficking probe that may lead to a grand jury indictment; seen in 2016
Jay-Z's friendship with Combs dates back to the early 1990s as they both navigated their early rap careers in New York; Beyonce, Jay-Z and Diddy seen in 2005
Her bouncy blonde curls tumbled out from under a felt cowboy hat and she rocked gold-framed aviator shades in several shots.
Beyonce last posted on Instagram seven days ago to show off the Cowboy Carter vinyl that's available to buy on her official website.
Other than using songs off the album in her IG posts, Beyonce hasn't outright promoted Cowboy Carter since May 7.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group