LONDON, ENGLAND – JULY 06:  (EDITORIAL USE ONLY) PARTYNEXTDOOR performs on the Main Stage on Day 1 of Wireless Festival 2018 at Finsbury Park on July 6, 2018 in London, England.  
PartyNextDoor shared an NSFW cover to his highly anticipated upcoming album dubbed PartyNextDoor 4. The Canadian R&B crooner shocked fans with his P4 NSFW cover which features a naked woman laying on her stomach on a bed with her legs spread apart. On her lower back there is a tramp stamp that has the "4" for P4.

A post shared by

The response from fans got a wide range of different feelings about the cover.
"Say April fools right now," one fan commented on the photo on Instagram.
"Just opened my ig and I see thing now all my friends think I am a p--- addict," another fan wrote.
"N---- we wanted an album not no sextape," another fan responded.
Some fans however thought that the cover was fire.
"Real cancer s---" Saweetie wrote.
"It’s provocative it gets the ppl goin," a fan wrote quoting Jay-Z and Kanye's "N----- In Paris."
"Best cover of all time," another fan declared.
While it hasn't been confirmed, fans suspect the woman in the photo is @maaminextdoor on IG. She has not nor Party have confirmed the woman's identity.
There are three potential songs on P4 that fans will recognize -- no pun intended -- on the forthcoming album. "Her Old Friends," "Resentment" and "Real Woman" are the singles the R&B singer has dropped in the past few months with the later being his most recent release.
Last month in an interview with Billboard, he spoke about all the work he put into making the album.
"This is the hardest I’ve ever worked on an album," he said. "This is the proudest I’ve felt."
He added that because of the gap in his projects -- his latest full-length project PARTYMOBILE dropped in 2020 -- had to do with being in a relationship. The R&B singer said that when he is in a relationship that his music comes second so that's why he is going to  "take a break from relationships, a long break, and just get back to making music."
Last year, Drake gave his OVO signee his flowers calling him his "favorite artist."
"I don’t mean to put you on the spot or anything. I know you hate this the most," he said while on stage together per HipHopDX. "I’m so grateful for you. I would not be the artist I am if it wasn’t for you. This is really my favorite artist in the world."
The two have collaborated on "Come and See Me" and "Recognize" in the past.
P4 is out on April 26.
The Las Vegas Sphere is a visual artist's dream. Located in Paradise, Nevada, the music and entertainment venue is only 1.5 miles from the Las Vegas Strip. The building stands at 366 feet tall and spans 516 feet across. It is the largest spherical structure in the world. While the outside of the Sphere is an exemplary piece of architectural design, the inside is what every artist dreams of.
The inside of the Las Vegas Sphere has the world's highest resolution LED screen (16K) that wraps around the arena and can hold up to 18,600 guests in the auditorium. 10,000 of those seats have an infrasound haptic system, and all 18,600 seats have a high-speed internet connection according to FOX Business.  In addition the Sphere also has 4D effects with effects to change the weather, temperature and more. For sound, the Sphere has the world's largest beamforming audio system.
The venue opened on September 29 with U2 gracing the stage as the Sphere's first performers. Their residency extends through March 2.
Earlier this month, Beyoncé participated in a Verizon ad that premiered during the Super Bowl, the megastar announced a new country album and two new tracks from the project arriving next month and not a Vegas residency at the Sphere, fans are still convinced it's on the horizon.
In the commercial, Beyoncé is seen on top of the Sphere in one of her moments trying to break the internet.
Additionally, Verizon teased the possibility (but were most likely referring to the commercial) on their X account.
This follows Forbes' November 2023 report that Beyoncé and her team were looking into the high-tech performance center for a residency. The singer’s team is reportedly requesting $10 million to produce the show. Beyoncé has not confirmed that she will go on tour for this album or that she will have a concert or residency at the Sphere at the time of this writing. Still, it would be pretty amazing!
Here are seven hip-hop and R&B artists that would be perfect at the Vegas Sphere:
Beyoncé's visuals have always been next-level, and what she could do at the Las Vegas Sphere wouldn't be anything short of iconic. After the Super Bowl surprise, where she announced Act II of Renaissance -- a trilogy of projects first revealed in 2022 --- will be a country album along with two singles, "Texas Hold 'Em" and "16 Carriages," rumors began that she would possibly have to take Act II to Vegas at the Sphere. During the Verizon ad, which teased her dropping music, she tried to "break the internet," and in her many attempts, which included a lemonade stand -- a nod to her 2016 album Lemonade -- going into space and running for president. She also found herself at the top of the Sphere, which fans believe was a nod to a potential residency. Beyoncé is definitely an artist whose fans would flock to Vegas to see as her last tour as the Beehive supported the artists overseas during the <em>Renaissance World Tour</em> as well as in their home cities. According to Forbes, the <em>Renaissance World Tour</em> made $579 Million, with 2.7 million fans attending across the 52 tour dates.
Jay-Z hasn't been on tour in six years, so a huge welcome back at the Las Vegas Sphere seems appropriate. The Brooklyn native's last solo tour was in 2017 in support of his thirteenth studio album, <em>4:44</em>. He later joined his wife, Beyoncé, on their <em>On The Run II Tour</em> the following year to accompany their joint album <em>Everything Is Love</em>.  There have been possible hints at a fourteenth album from Jay, as his exhibit at the Brooklyn Library contained an empty display case next to <em>4:44.</em> While there hasn't been a confirmation on another album, fans wouldn't be upset if he decided to do a residency at the Sphere.
Drake is known for his over-the-top (and often playful) antics during his live shows, so the rapper would be right at home in the Sphere. Last year, he said that he would be taking a break from music to focus on his health, but in a concert in February, the rapper walked back on his statement as he teased new music. If Drake released a new project and then a residency at the Sphere, it would be a monumental moment for fans. The rapper released his latest album<em> For All The Dogs: Scary Hours Edition</em> in November.
Rihanna's Super Bowl performance was a reminder that she still has it when creating visually appealing performances. The singer-turned-mogul headlined Super Bowl LVII in 2022, where she performed a medley of her greatest hits, including "Diamonds," "Run This Town," "Where Have You Been," and more.  It's been eight years since Rihanna dropped 'Anti,' which garnered the singer eight GRAMMY nominations. According to A$AP Rocky, the singer is in the studio working on her ninth studio album, and we believe a Sphere residency would be the perfect venue for her musical comeback.
Vegas has been Usher's home for two years, and some fans are still regretting not seeing him during his residency. The Sphere would be the perfect opportunity for Usher to combine his creative visual side with the intimacy he shares with the audience during his concert. While Usher is set to embark on his Past Present Future Tour this fall, we wouldn't mind him seeing the show he would put on at the Sphere. At this point, Usher might need a permanent place in Vegas.
While a residency at the Sphere would be far-fetched, given where Kanye is currently in his career due to his controversial moments, if given the opportunity, he would absolutely set the stage on fire. Kanye just released the first volume of Vultures, and with two more parts remaining, it will be ample time for him to get some tour dates going. The rapper always brings out his surprise guests to big events like this for the most part, so fans of the artists who work with Ye will be able to see them there, too. If a concert is too much, Ye loves a listening party, so maybe he could get his feet wet by holding a slightly smaller event before concert dates are rolled out.
As one of the newer talents on this list, whether you hate him or love him, you can't deny his knack for creating over-the-top visuals. Scott would be able to create a masterpiece of visuals if he were able to in Vegas, as he's shown off his talent in prior music videos and live performances. The rapper just dropped<em> Utopia</em> last year, which was nominated for Best Rap Album at the Grammys. The second leg of his <em>Utopia Tour</em> ended in January, so it seems as if the artist has some time to cook up some memorable visions for a possible third leg or new album accompanied by a Vegas residency. If you look at his music videos and live performances, Scott is a no-brainer for the Sphere.
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!