Blue Ivy Carter made her debut on the world stage while she was still in the womb.
Beyoncé — Blue’s mom — unveiled her bump with a flourish at the 2011 MTV Video Music Awards after performing her hit “Love on Top,” as her husband Jay-Z celebrated in the audience.
Now, at the age of 12, Blue already has a Grammy and has performed with Beyoncé on tour.
And this week, she walked the red carpet in a voluminous gold gown designed by celebrity favorite Christian Siriano at the premiere of Disney’s new movie, “Mufasa” — in which Blue makes her feature film debut, lending her voice as Kiara, the daughter of Simba and Nala (played, naturally, by Beyoncé ).
Sirianio posted a slew of photos from the event on Instagram, writing, “The Stunninggggg #BLUEIVYCARTER in custom Siriano tonight looking more gilded and glamorous than ever!”
To this, one commentator replied: “Very pretty, but she’s only 12? It seems too adult for a child. Her mom would have looked great in it.”
Another pointed out that, “it’s Hollywood, every single move this young girl is going to make she is going to be looked at! It’s not your typical 12yo guys !” 
That’s for sure.
We are in the midst of an invasion of the nepo-baby kidfluencers — famous offspring with their own agents, skincare deals, clothing lines, and other business endeavors, all before they turn 18.
Only days ago — to uproar and groans from the internet — Hilaria Baldwin announced to her 980,000 Instagram followers that she and Carmen, her 11-year-old daughter with Alec Baldwin, are cashing in on the tween skincare trend with an upcoming book, “Glowing Up: Recipes to rock your natural beauty.”
Mother and daughter posed for a photo in matching robes, and a morning TV show has already signed up the sixth grader to give beauty tips, we’re told. Of course, this will not be Carmen’s only TV appearance; she will be making her debut in her family’s upcoming reality show, ‘The Baldwins’ on TLC next year.
And then there is North West, the boisterous daughter of Kim Kardashian and Kanye West. The 11-year-old has already performed on stage with her dad, has nearly 20 million followers on the TikTok account she runs with her mom and, earlier this year, appeared on the cover of Interview magazine with her billionaire mom interviewing her inside.
“These kids start life on third base …,so the sky’s the limit when it comes to what they can do,” said a prominent fashion insider.
“Being known because they’re a nepo is one thing, but to actually turn themselves into a brand and shift product like the biggest creators do is definitely an open question,” added Rachel Richardson, who runs the trend newsletter Highly Flammable. “But of course there are many examples they can follow. Just look at how Paris Hilton and Sofia Richie have leveraged the fame they got from their families into empires.”
Those two, however, were old enough to drink when their career-making reality show “The Simple Life” premiered in 2003. Today’s crops are younger than ever — and extend to the children of stars you might not expect.
After a childhood being kept out of the public eye and largely growing up in Nashville, Nicole Kidman’s two daughters have been unleashed into the spotlight.
The star shares Sunday Rose, 16, and Faith Margaret, 13, with her husband, country crooner Keith Urban, and both girls have inherited their mother’s height and willowy good looks.
Sunday made her runway debut in Paris in October, opened the Miu Miu Spring/Summer 2025 show, and did a solo interview with Vogue ahead of her appearance.
“That’s all driven by her. Me going, ‘Oh no, I don’t think so,’ ” Kidman, 57, told The Hollywood Reporter earlier this month.
The “Babygirl” actress added: “My girls, I’ve always said, “You are of the world, you’re global children.” That’s what we do as a family. We travel and we experience things. And that’s a great education, too,” 
Showing off her half-Australian, half-twangy Nashville accent, Sunday offered advice for fellow newcomers in a behind-the-scenes Vogue video posted to TikTok on Oct. 3: “Probably just, like, don’t stress yourself out too much, ’cause I was really stressed. And then it’s just like, everyone here is really nice.”
Sunday is, however, still too young to star on the cover of Vogue. Editors Anna Wintour decreed that she would not use any girls under the age of 18 in the magazine after sexual assault allegations made against photographers Bruce Webber and Mario Testino back in 2018. (Both denied or challenged the charges.)
“Vogue didn’t even use Kaia Gerber [the daughter of supermodel Cindy Crawford] until she was past 18,” said the fashion insider. Gerber, now 23, made her modeling debut at age 10, starring in Young Versace’s first-ever campaign.
“If you are an actress like Millie Bobby Brown, who got famous while young in ‘Stranger Things,’ and you get featured in Vogue or any Condé publications, that’s fine, but they’re not going to employ models under the age of 18.”
Richardson noted that many of the new kidfluencers want to “be known for something aspirational whether that’s fashion, beauty, wellness, fitness or interiors. The ones that seem to have the best shot are Nepos like North West who have already built audiences on TikTok. 
“She intrinsically understands the platform and her personality is a good fit for the format and content types that perform well on the platform.”
North West, Page Six is told, does not yet have a manager. However, the tween — who appeared as a baby in Vogue in March 2014, with her parents in photos taken by Annie Leibovitz — is described as super creative like her father, with whom she performed onstage in Korea in August.
She’s also passionate, judging by her performance in “Disney’s ‘The Lion King’ 30th Anniversary – A Live-to-Film Concert Event” at the Hollywood Bowl in May, when she played Simba.
(It’s unclear why ‘The Lion King’ is a nepo-baby magnet.)
Although West didn’t garner great reviews,  we’re told she had her heart set on the project.
So, apparently, does Carmen Baldwin, the oldest of the seven children Hilaria and Alec Baldwin share. “If your child is like ours, skincare is an obsession,” said Hilaria, 40, online.
Her daughter’s book, she said, is a guidance to “embracing self-care, building confidence, and celebrating natural beauty”.
“Of course she’s 11. Let her be that age. This is absurd. I was still playing with Barbie dolls at 11,” commented one of Hilaria’s social-media followers in response, as another dubbed the book “Sad”.
As for Blue Ivy, at age 9 she became the youngest Grammy winner in history, for the 2021 Best Music Video for “Brown Skin Girl,” alongside her mother Beyoncé, Wizkid ,and the video’s director Jenn Nkiru. 
She was credited as a writer on the song, which was released in 2019 and appears on Beyoncé’s “Lion King: The Gift” album. 
It all makes Apple and Moses Martin look like late-bloomers. Apple, 20, and a college student at Vanderbilt University, showed off her blonde good looks as she made her debut at Le Bal des Débutantes in Paris earlier this month, joined by parents Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin.
She has already been an intern at her mom’s brand Goop, we’re told, while her 18-year-old brother, Moses, a freshman at Brown, has been playing East Coast shows with his band Dancer.
But even within the rarified world of Hollywood, some insiders stress that it’s important to see these go-getting kids for what they really are: kids.
“People don’t consider these kids do go to school — well, most of them — and they’re at an age when classmates are talking about what they’re seeing on social media. Their parents do have a responsibility,” said a well-placed industry insider. “I just hope this [fame] is what their kids want.”
Advertisement