The Beyhive collectively told Badu to take several "window seats."

							By 

	Amber Corrine

Staff Writer, News

	It looks as if Erykah Badu may have been looking for some sort of credit from Beyoncé after the Renaissance icon posted her newest album cover for Act II: Cowboy Carter. However, the Beyhive subliminally told Badu to take several “window seats,” including the Houston-native’s longtime publicist Yvette Noel-Schure. 

	On the album cover, Bey rocks nothing but her bare skin, a pageant sash that reads “ACT II: BEYINCE,” and a beautiful braided hairstyle with beaded bangs. The hairstyle, similar to one Badu has been known to rock, inspired her to repost it to her Instagram Story with the simple, yet seemingly shady caption that read, “hmmm.” 

	










	Besides fans coming to Bey’s defense, Noel-Schure seemingly responded to Badu in an even more clever way: a history lesson. 

	Noel-Schure took to Instagram with a carousel of photos dating back to before the star’s Destiny’s Child days, showing Bey rocking all kinds of braided styles from childhood. “She slays. She slays. Now. Then. Always. act ii COWBOY CARTER 3.29 #criticswithoutcredentials,” she captioned the post. 
A post shared by Yvette Noel-Schure (@yvettenoelschure)

	See Erykah Badu’s repost of Beyoncé’s album below. 

	Following a sting from the Beyhive, the “Bag Lady” icon jokingly asked Bey’s husband, Jay-Z, to intervene. 

	“To Jay Z . Say somethin Jay, ” she wrote on X. “You gone let this woman and these bees do this to me ??”

	Fans immediately responded to the soulful icon with one person warning her to be “careful,” as another said, “erykah checked her head and realized they snatched her wig.”
To Jay Z . Say somethin Jay  . You gone let this woman and these bees do this to me ?? ? pic.twitter.com/oxNhNgvfWp

	Neither Beyoncé nor Jay-Z has responded to Badu, which is something that we all know likely won’t happen.

	Take a look at Yvette Noel-Schure and Erykah Badu’s posts above. 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.