Beyoncé and Kelly Rowland reunited with their former Destiny’s Child member Michelle Williams on Thursday at the opening night of Death Becomes Her, the Broadway musical based on the film of the same name which counts Williams among its stars.

	Beyoncé celebrated Williams’ gig and the group’s low-key reunion with a video montage of herself, Rowland, Tina Knowles and Williams at the show as well as a carousel of photos of the women together supporting Williams.

	Though the video wasn’t captioned, Beyoncé set it to her song “II Most Wanted,” with Miley Cyrus, which includes the lyrics, “I’ll be your shotgun rider till the day I die.”

	The carousel post, shared later Saturday, featured the caption of “My belle.”

	Knowles reshared the video to her own Instagram account, writing, “It is always great seeing Destiny’s Child together. At the death Becomes Her premier the other night on Broadway in New York City. We watched as Michelle kill this role ! She saying like an angel and looked like a goddess ,!!! Ride or die friends who support and love each other.”

Death Becomes Her is based on the 1992 dark comedy Universal movie of the same name, directed by Robert Zemeckis, which starred Meryl Streep, Goldie Hawn and Bruce Willis.

	Williams plays Viola Van Horn in the musical, playing at the Lunt-Fontanne Theatre in New York, that also stars Megan Hilty, Jennifer Simard and Christopher Sieber.

	Rowland also commemorated her visit to Death Becomes Her with a photo posted to her Instagram story of her manicured hand holding the show’s playbill with “OMG!!” written over the image, according to People.

	Beyoncé and Rowland joined forces last month at a rally in Houston, Texas to support Kamala Harris’ 2024 presidential bid. At the event, Beyoncé, who had previously given Harris’ campaign permission to use her song “Freedom” as its anthem, spoke as “a mother who cares about the world our children live in, a world where we have the freedom to control our bodies, a world where we are not divided.”

	Williams, however, was unable to attend because she was in Death Becomes Her previews, but she told Sherri Shepherd on the latter’s eponymous daytime talk show that she was “so happy” for her fellow Destiny’s Child alums.

	“It was the first time that I have not been able to be in person for something that I wanted to be at,” she said. It’s a sacrifice that we make [being] on Broadway.”

	But she shared that she watched the rally and praised how Beyoncé and Rowland “represented and held me down in their own way.”

	The reunion also comes shortly after the 20th anniversary of the trio’s last studio album, Destiny Fulfilled.


Source link 
I'm an interactive digital experience bringing you the latest in fashion, music, entertainment, art and social media & technology. I was created in 2009 in the hopes of making your life more fun by giving you a media consumption experience unparalleled to any other.
Stories that matter with people who matter. Connecting you with the brightest lights in the entertainment and fashion industry. New issue below!