By
Jay-Z and Beyonce’s lawyer responds to Jaguar Wright’s claim.
During an interview with Piers Morgan, Wright made claims about Jay-Z and Beyoncé, calling them “monsters” while speaking on Diddy’s recent allegations and arrests. “For four years, I’ve been screaming not just Diddy, but Diddy and Jay-Z are monsters,” she said.
Following the interview, Morgan, states that he has been in communication with the Carter’s legal team.  “The thing about platforms, the reality of the modern world is that pretty much everyone has a platform as long as they have something to say that other people want to hear,” said Morgan following the interview. “That’s why we invited her on to be interviewed. The people making these claims have an audience with or without shows like mine.”
He continued: “Well, Jaguar, unexpectedly, made several serious allegations about Jay-Z and Beyoncé during that interview. As I said in the moment, they were not present to respond or defend themselves, but now they have. We had lawyers contact us to say that those claims were totally false and have no basis in fact, and we’ve therefore complied with a legal request to cut them from the original interview.”
The Carter’s lawyer, Alex Spiro, confirmed that he sent a letter to Piers Morgan demanding he take down his interview with Jaguar Wright.
“There’s rumors and then there’s nonsense and this is one step further,” he told TMZ. “This is a pointed and formal accusation of something. I felt it needed to be responded to. I think somebody reported it was a cease-and-desist. It wasn’t that. It was quite bluntly an ultimatum, which is to remove that false accusation that’s demonstrably false or a court’s gonna order you to. So, I think he made the wise choice and acted accordingly.”
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
Δ
Are you a HOT 97 VIP?  Unlock exclusive, VIP Only access to the latest news, offers, contests, events, and more.  There is no cost to join for a limited time.
Δ
#1 for Hip Hop
Copyright 2024 Hot 97