by 
	Delilah Gray

Trending News Editor

	If you purchase an independently reviewed product or service through a link on our website, SheKnows may receive an affiliate commission.

	While we love our skincare routines, there’s no denying how fun it is to apply your daily makeup routine. And one of the most fun parts is topping off your look with the perfect lipstick. But lipstick runs out quickly, and it’s always nice to treat yourself to a new one. Next time your go-to lipstick runs out, why not treat yourself to one Beyoncé “always” uses?

	










	Back in 2019, per Well + Good, Beyoncé’s makeup artist Sir John gave fans all the juicy details for Bey’s makeup routine. And the most shocking revelation was that Beyonce wears this cult-favorite drugstore liquid lipstick — the L’Oreal Rouge Signature Lightweight Matte Colored Ink, also known as the L’Oreal Paris Makeup Rouge Signature Matte Lip Stain. Even better, the lipstick is on sale right now for as low as $6 on Amazon.












	Related story



	
	
		
					We Tested the 7 Best Drugstore Liquid Lipsticks, and This Was the Winner		
	










	Before we get into the exact shade Bey uses, let’s talk about the product itself. The L’Oreal Paris Signature Matte Lip Stain is budge-proof, kiss-proof and perfect for any occasion, from date night to brunch with the girls. According to the brand, it was designed to be a “weightless” lip product with the “high color impact of a liquid lipstick with the no makeup feel of a lip stain.” 



	Despite the low price, many consider this liquid lippie as luxurious as it gets. In fact, one Amazon shopper said that it’s “unquestionably the best lip stain ever.” Another customer chimed in, calling it “amazing” and said, “The color stays on your lips all day.”

	The L’Oreal Paris Rouge Signature Lip Stain is so popular and beloved by beauty enthusiasts, it even has over 15,000 perfect five-star ratings on Ulta. One Ulta shopper raved over how this particular liquid lipstick didn’t cause any of the problems others did. 

	They wrote, “I bought this on a whim because I wanted a lip stain that would last through work and all day events. Every other liquid lipstick/stain I’ve tried has been messy and cakey, but not this one! It’s lightweight, lasts through snacks, and perfectly lines my cupid bow lips (a problem I’ve had with other liquid lippies).” 


	If you want to see what all the hype is about, there’s no better time to shop! Right now, several shades are on sale for just $4 on Amazon. There’s a nice mix of reds, pinks, browns, and purple options. You’re guaranteed to find one that you love. 

	Now to the question we’re all wondering: what shade is majorly Bey-approved? According to Sir John, he frequently uses the shade “I Create,” a pink-brown color on her all the time. In fact, John said he almost “always” uses this lipstick for Beyonce before a big event.

	“When I know I’m not going to see my client again, and I know there’s going to be no touch-up and they’re going to put something on and go, this is my jam,” he said. “I know when it hits the carpet, I know if she eats—I know it’s not going to dry, it’s not going to get crusty, and she’s going to feel good.” He even used it on Beyonce when she accepted the GLAAAD award back in 2019.

	Again, these liquid lipsticks from L’Oreal are on sale right now starting at just $3. According to shoppers, some shades can only be found on Amazon. So be sure to take advantage of this incredible deal and shop these lipsticks while you still can

Before you go, check out these stocking stuffer ideas for absolutely everyone on your list:
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
The stories you care about, delivered daily.
SheKnows is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 SheMedia, LLC. All Rights Reserved.