Jay-Z said "Phone check, foo!"
Source: Stacy Revere / Getty
If we’ve learned anything about Jay-Z over the years it’s that he isn’t one to play about his family whether it be immediate or business related. So when Stephen A. Smith threw a tad bit of shade at Rihanna’s Super Bowl Performance, Hova had a little something to say.
Recently, during a sit-down interview on the Connect The Dots podcast, the sports journalist icon revealed that when he implied that Rihanna’s 2023 Super Bowl Halftime performance couldn’t measure up to that of Beyoncé’s in 2016, not only did some celebrities take issue with his comments, but Jay himself chimed in when the two spoke on the phone.
Saying “people who will remain nameless” and “Hollywood stars,” Smith said people were so mad at him that they never spoke to him again. And it had him wondering what was so taboo about his opinion. Ultimately, things came to a head when Stephen A. spoke to the GOAT himself, Jay-Z.
Recalling a conversation the two had some time later, Smith said, “Months later, Hov and I were on the phone. Hov was like – simple and plain, ‘My dawg, you family, that’s family. That’s too close to say that.’ I said, ‘I didn’t know.’ He said, ‘I know.’ Done! In other words, it’s a business, it’s a part of it, you don’t know how she’ll receive it, etc. etc. etc. That’s all he had to say. I appreciated that.”
We don’t know much, but what we do know is that you do not want Jay-Z in your ear telling you how you F’d up. Either personally or in a business sense. Good thing he didn’t say the opposite and imply that Rihanna was superior to Beyoncé. Things could’ve gotten hella ugly. Just sayin’.
Check out Stephen A. Smith tell his side of the story below, and let us know your thoughts on the situation in the comments section.


Stephen A. Smith Says Jay-Z Checked Him On Rihanna Comment 
						was originally published on
						hiphopwired.com



									Listen Live								

									Which Famous Rappers Are Crips? (PHOTO GALLERY)								

									Karmelo Anthony, Family Move After Repeated Harassment At Their Home								

									DFW Career Fair								

									Which Famous Rappers Are Bloods? (PHOTO GALLERY)								

									What to Expect at DFW Career Fair: List of Employers, Workshops & More								

									Dallas Cowboys 2025 NFL Draft Picks: Full List Of Team’s Round-By-Round Selection & Undrafted Free Agents								

									Chris Brown: Breezy Bowl XX								

					We care about your data. See our privacy policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.