By SHARON MAI FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  06:18, 1 July 2024   |  Updated:  09:14, 1 July 2024   
 38
View  comments
Megan Thee Stallion showcased her incredible figure in jaw-dropping looks as she opened the star-studded, electric stage at the 2024 BET Awards on Sunday.
The 29-year-old rapper set the bar for the rest of the performances for the annual award ceremony, which aired live from Los Angeles' Peacock Theater on BET.
Childish Gambino, Keke Palmer, Summer Walker, Chloe Bailey and many more stars also took to the stage for a thrilling tribute for Usher, who was honored with the Lifetime Achievement Award for his exemplary career accomplishments.
This year's award ceremony celebrates the theme of Standing on Culture and features performances from a slew of up-and-coming, fan-favorite artists including Sexyy Red, Victoria Monét, Tyla, Ice Spice and Latto. 
The Fresh Prince himself, Will Smith, also made his unofficial return to rap as he debuted his new, original song You Can Make It as he makes his triumphant return to the award show stage more than two years after the infamous Chris Rock slap at the 94th Academy Awards.
Megan Thee Stallion showcased her incredible figure in jaw-dropping looks as she opened the star-studded, electric stage at the 2024 BET Awards on Sunday
The 29-year-old rapper set the bar for the rest of the performances for the annual award ceremony, which aired live from Los Angeles' Peacock Theater on BET
The stunning stallion took to the stage wearing a racy green ensemble with a banana hammock-inspired garb to perform a medley of her latest releases and fan-favorite songs
At this year's enthralling BET Awards, the festivities kicked off with host Taraji P. Henson popping out with a loose rendition of Kendrick Lamar's diss track Not Like Us as she rapped: 'It's about us.' 
The stunning stallion took to the stage wearing a racy green ensemble with a banana hammock-inspired garb to perform a medley of her latest releases and fan-favorite songs.
Emerging from an egg to symbolize her musical rebirth, she launched into Hiss and Boa before performing another song from her self-titled, third studio album Megan, which she released on June 28.
She gave a shoutout to her 'twin' Victoria Monet and Coco Jones in the crowd before performing Where Them Girls At.
Shortly afterwards, Monét made her BET debut, undergoing three outfit changes to perform her hit single On My Mama and her recently released song Alright.
The 35-year-old singer-songwriter, who took home her first Grammy earlier this year as she was crowned the best new artist, wore a blue letterman jacket to match her backup dancers as they performed On My Mama.
Cutting the stage short, Kaytranada took over to kick off Alright.
Monét paid homage to the late King of Pop Michael Jackson as she changed into a Smooth Criminal-inspired, white suit to perform the Kaytranada-produced single.
Video Of The Year: Victoria Monet, On My Mama 
BET Her:  Victoria Monet, On My Mama
Best New Artist: Tyla
 Best International Act: Tyla 
Victoria Monet earned two awards including top honor Video Of The Year
Lifetime Achievement Award: Usher
Best Male R&B/Pop Artist: Usher 
Best Female R&B/Pop Artist: SZA 
Best Female Hip-Hop Artist: Nicki Minaj 
Best Male Hip-Hip Artist: Kendrick Lamar
Album Of The Year: Killer Mike, Michael 
Shortly afterwards, Victoria Monét made her BET debut, undergoing three outfit changes to perform her hit single On My Mama and her recently released song Alright
The 35-year-old singer-songwriter, who took home her first Grammy earlier this year as she was crowned the best new artist, wore a blue letterman jacket to match her backup dancers as they performed On My Mama
Cutting the stage short, Kaytranada took over to kick off Alright. Monét paid homage to the late King of Pop Michael Jackson as she changed into a Smooth Criminal-inspired, white suit to perform the Kaytranada-produced single
Halfway through the song, she changed into a woven bodysuit with sexy cutouts
She performed the rest of the song underneath a Flashdance-inspired, waterfall stage to close her set with a grand finale
Then, Sexyy Red, 26, performed her smooth and silky love ballad, U My Everything, before undergoing a costume change
Placing her unofficial presidential bid and promoting her upcoming tour, she got up on stage in front of a White House-inspired set
She modeled a white button-down and pleated miniskirt to rap Get It Sexyy
Then, the night took a wholesome turn but still just as empowering as two child rappers VanVan and Heiress Harris took the stage in a classroom set to perform their anthem Be You
Halfway through the song, she changed into a woven bodysuit with sexy cutouts to perform underneath a Flashdance-inspired, waterfall stage to close her set with a grand finale. 
Then, Sexyy Red, 26, performed her smooth and silky love ballad, U My Everything, before undergoing a costume change.
Placing her unofficial presidential bid and promoting her upcoming tour, she got up on stage in front of a White House-inspired set and modeled a white button-down and pleated miniskirt to rap Get It Sexyy. 
In support of her most recent mixtape In Sexyy We Trust and upcoming headlining tour The Sexyy Red 4 President Tour, she also had her backup dancers dressed in Secret Service-inspired ensembles to get the crowd up on their feet.
Then, the night took a wholesome turn but still just as empowering as two child rappers VanVan and Heiress Harris took the stage in a classroom set to perform their anthem Be You.
After VanVan and Heiress, who is the daughter of rapper T.I. and singer Tiny Harris, performed, country musician Tanner Adell took the stage to sing Buckle Bunny and her new single Cowboy Break My Heart. 
GloRilla also performed her new single Yeah Glo! before bringing out Megan Thee Stallion for a surprise appearance for Wanna Be.
Music legend Ms. Lauryn Hill also brought the house down as she joined her son, Bob Marley's grandson, YG Marley, on stage for Praise Jah In the Moonlight with Wyclef Jean.
Shaboozey performed A Bar Song (Tipsy) before bringing out J-Kwon for a surprise appearance to perform Tipsy, which Shaboozey's song is interpolated from. 
Will Smith made his debut on the BET stage and performed You Can Make It
He was joined by Fridayy and the Sunday Service Choir
'I don't know who needs this right now,' he said while opening his set. 'But I am here to tell you — you can make it'
Kirk Franklin joined in halfway through for their rousing number
GloRilla also performed her new single Yeah Glo!
She wore a sparkly green top before throwing on a cropped varsity jacket for Wanna Be
For the second half of her set, Megan Thee Stallion made a surprise appearance
Tyla also performed Jump! with Gunna and Skillibeng after her Best New Artist win at the BET Awards.
Latto gave a fierce performance of Sunday Service and Big Mama from her upcoming album Sugar Honey Iced Tea.
Ice Spice also took the stage performed her Gen Z-beloved tracks Phat Butt and Think U the S*** (Fart).  
Will Smith made his debut on the BET stage and performed You Can Make It alongside Fridayy and the Sunday Service Choir.
'I don't know who needs this right now,' he said while opening his set. 'But I am here to tell you — you can make it.' 
Kirk Franklin joined in halfway through for their rousing number.
Then, the night celebrating Black excellence concluded with a cavalcade of stars taking the stage to perform a tribute for Usher before honoring the R&B hitmaker with the Lifetime Achievement Award. 
The 40-year-old actor-rapper-comedian Donald Glover, who is also known as his stage name Childish Gambino, kicked off the tribute performance with U Don't Have to Call and brought out Keke Palmer halfway through his rendition of Usher's 2001 hit song.
Then, the 30-year-old multihyphenate talent — who famously faced baby daddy drama after her viral moment at Usher's Las Vegas residency last year — launched into Usher's You Make Me Wanna wearing a sparkly Y2K-inspired look and performing a lively dance.
Shaboozey performed A Bar Song (Tipsy) 
He then brought out J-Kwon for a surprise appearance to perform Tipsy, which Shaboozey's song is interpolated from
Tyla also performed Jump! with Gunna and Skillibeng after her Best New Artist win at the BET Awards
She emerged from a cage with dancers carefully positioned to resemble a tiger
She was joined by Gunna on stage for their upbeat song
Ice Spice also took the stage performed her Gen Z-beloved tracks Phat Butt and Think U the S*** (Fart)
She wore a skimpy, sheer white lace ensemble teamed with fuzzy, white boots
Music legend Ms. Lauryn Hill also brought the house down
She joined her son, Bob Marley's grandson, YG Marley, on stage for Praise Jah In the Moonlight with Wyclef Jean
Latto gave a fierce performance of Sunday Service and Big Mama from her upcoming album Sugar Honey Iced Tea
She wore a chic animal-print set as she performed onstage with her backup dancers
Summer Walker followed in the R&B medley to perform her two songs with Usher titled Come Thru and Good Good.
Making her way through the crowd before emerging on stage, Coco Jones performed There Goes My Baby.
Marsha Ambrosius also took the stage to sing Usher's Superstar while Chloe Bailey made a memorable impression with a risqué and riveting performance of Good Kisser.
Up next was Tinashe with Nice & Slow before Teyana Taylor joined Monét back on stage for Usher's Bad Girl.
Taylor, 33, modeled a handsome, black silk suit while Monét, donned a skimpy, silver sequined ensemble for their electifying duet and sexy dance number.
Closing out the electrifying tribute, Latto rapped Yeah! as the rest of the leading ladies of R&B genre joined her on stage for the club hit.
Normani pulled out of her plans to perform at the BET Awards due to a 'bad accident.'
Shortly before the ceremony was set to begin, the singer took to her Instagram Story to tell her fans that she suffered an unspecified injury, which she called 'a really bad accident,' during rehearsals. 
Childish Gambino, Keke Palmer, Summer Walker, Chloe Bailey and many more stars also took to the stage for a thrilling tribute for Usher, who was honored with the Lifetime Achievement Award for his exemplary career accomplishments 
Then, the night celebrating Black excellence concluded with a cavalcade of stars taking the stage to perform a tribute for Usher before honoring the R&B hitmaker with the Lifetime Achievement Award
The 40-year-old actor-rapper-comedian Donald Glover, who is also known as his stage name Childish Gambino, kicked off the tribute performance with U Don't Have to Call and brought out Keke Palmer halfway through his rendition of Usher's 2001 hit song
Then, the 30-year-old multihyphenate talent — who famously faced baby daddy drama after her viral moment at Usher's Las Vegas residency last year — launched into Usher's You Make Me Wanna wearing a sparkly Y2K-inspired look and performing a lively dance
Summer Walker followed in the R&B medley to perform her two songs with Usher titled Come Thru and Good Good
Making her way through the crowd before emerging on stage, Coco Jones performed There Goes My Baby
The bombshell wore a sexy satin corset with high-waisted micro shorts
Marsha Ambrosius also took the stage to sing Usher's Superstar
Chloe Bailey made a memorable impression with a risqué and riveting performance of Good Kisser
She wore a bedazzled bodysuit as she sauntered across the stage for the sultry number
Up next was Tinashe with Nice & Slow
She wore a leather bustier with leather micro shorts for the smooth and sexy song
Teyana Taylor joined Monét back on stage for Usher's Bad Girl
Taylor, 33, modeled a handsome, black silk suit while Monét, donned a skimpy, silver sequined ensemble for their electifying duet and sexy dance number
The two performed a sexy dance for their duet stage together 
Closing out the electrifying tribute, Latto rapped Yeah!
The rest of the leading ladies of R&B genre joined her on stage for Usher's famous club hit
Album of the Year
Chris Brown, 11:11
Gunna, A Gift & A Curse
21 Savage, American Dream
Usher, Coming Home
Drake, For All the Dogs (Scary Hours Edition)
Victoria Monét, Jaguar II
Killer Mike, Michael (WINNER)
Nicki Minaj, Pink Friday 2
Best Female R&B/Pop Artist
Beyoncé
Coco Jones
Doja Cat
H.E.R.
Muni Long
SZA (WINNER)
Tyla
Victoria Monét
Best Male R&B/Pop Artist
Brent Faiyaz
Bryson Tiller
Burna Boy
Chris Brown
Drake
Fridayy
October London
Usher (WINNER)
Best Group
¥$, Ye, Ty Dolla $ign (WINNER)
2 Chainz & Lil Wayne
41
Blxst & Bino Rideaux
City Girls
Flo
Maverick City Music
Wanmor
Best Collaboration
Lil Durk feat. J. Cole - All My Life (WINNER)
Beyoncé feat. Kendrick Lamar - America Has a Problem (Remix)
Nicki Minaj & Ice Spice (With Aqua) - Barbie World
Cardi B feat. Megan Thee Stallion - Bongos
¥$, Ye, Ty Dolla $ign feat. Rich The Kid, Playboi Carti - Carnival
Lola Brooke feat. Latto & Yung Miami - Don’t Play With It (Remix)
Nicki Minaj feat. Lil Uzi Vert - Everybody
Usher, Summer Walker & 21 Savage - Good Good
Drake feat. Sexyy Red & SZA - Rich Baby Daddy
Best Female Hip Hop Artist
Cardi B
Doja Cat
GloRilla
Ice Spice
Latto
Megan Thee Stallion
Nicki Minaj (WINNER)
Sexyy Red
Best Male Hip Hop Artist
21 Savage
Burna Boy
Drake
Future
Gunna
J. Cole
Kendrick Lamar (WINNER)
Lil Wayne
Video of the Year
Doja Cat - Agora Hills
Lil Durk feat J. Cole - All My Life
Nicki Minaj & Ice Spice (With Aqua) - Barbie World
Cardi B feat. Megan Thee Stallion - Bongos
Drake feat. J. Cole - First Person Shooter
Usher, Summer Walker & 21 Savage - Good Good
Victoria Monét - On My Mama (WINNER)
Drake feat. Sexyy Red & SZA - Rich Baby Daddy
Video Director of the Year
Benny Boom
Child.
Cole Bennett (WINNER)
Dave Meyers
Janelle Monáe & Alan Ferguson
Offset
Tems
Tyler, The Creator
Best New Artist
41
4Batz
Ayra Starr
Bossman Dlow
Fridayy
October London
Sexyy Red
Tyla (WINNER)
Dr. Bobby Jones Best Gospel/Inspirational Award
 Shirley Caesar - Award All of the Glory
Kirk Franklin - All Things
Halle Bailey - Angel
CeCe Winans - Come Jesus Come
Erica Campbell - Do You Believe in Love?
Maverick City Music, Naomi Raine & Chandler Moore - God Problems
Tems - Me & U (WINNER)
Kirk Franklin - Try Love   
Best International Act
Asake (Africa)
Aya Nakamura (France)
Ayra Starr (Africa)
Bk’ (Brazil)
Cleo Sol (UK)
Focalistic (Africa)
Karol Conká (Brazil)
Raye (UK)
Tiakola (France)
Tyla (Africa) (WINNER)
BET Her
Beyoncé - 16 Carriages
Nicki Minaj feat. Tasha Cobbs Leonard - Blessings
Ayra Starr - Commas
Flo feat. Missy Elliott - Fly Girl
Megan Thee Stallion - Hiss
Victoria Monét - On My Mama (WINNER)
SZA - Saturn
GloRilla - Yeah Glo!
Best Movie
American Fiction
Bob Marley: One Love (WINNER)
Renaissance: A Film by Beyoncé
Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse
The Book of Clarence
The Color Purple
The Equalizer 3
The Little Mermaid
Best Actor
Anthony Mackie
Colman Domingo
Damson Idris
Denzel Washington (WINNER)
Donald Glover
Idris Elba
Jeffrey Wright
Lakeith Stanfield
Best Actress
Angela Bassett
Ayo Edebiri
Coco Jones
Danielle Brooks
Fantasia
Halle Bailey
Issa Rae
Regina King (WINNER)
Youngstars Award
Akira Akbar
Blue Ivy Carter (WINNER)
Demi Singleton
Heiress Diana Harris
Jabria McCullum
Jalyn Hall
Leah Jeffries
Van Van
Sportswoman of the Year Award
A’ja Wilson
Angel Reese (WINNER)
Coco Gauff
Flau’jae Johnson
Juju Watkins
Naomi Osaka
Sha’carri Richardson
Simone Biles
Sportsman of the Year Award
Anthony Edwards
Gervonta Davis
Jalen Brunson (WINNER)
Jalen Hurts
Kyrie Irving
Lebron James
Patrick Mahomes
Stephen Curry
Viewer’s Choice: Best New International Act
Bellah (UK)
Cristale (UK)
Duquesa (Brazil)
Holly G (France)
Jungeli (France)
Makhadzi (Africa)
Oruam (Brazil)
Seyi Vibez (Africa)
Tyler Icu (Africa)
Viewer’s Choice Award
Doja Cat - Agora Hills
Lil Durk feat. J. Cole - All My Life
Gunna - Fukumean
Jack Harlow - Lovin on Me
Muni Long - Made for Me
Victoria Monét - On My Mama
Drake feat. Sexyy Red & SZA - Rich Baby Daddy
Chris Brown feat. Davido & Lojay - Sensational
Beyoncé - Texas Hold ‘Em
Tyla - Water  
Lifetime Achievement Award
Usher (WINNER)

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group