The Christmas game between likely playoff contenders the Houston Texans and Baltimore Ravens just got a bit more interesting.
On Sunday, Nov. 17, Netflix announced Beyoncé will serve as the halftime act during the high-stakes Dec. 25 contest at her hometown Houston’s NRG Stadium.
She will reportedly perform tracks from her country-fried 2024 album ‘Cowboy Carter” live for the first time during the set. Special guests featured on the record have been rumored to show up as well.
Based on our findings, Paul McCartney, Dolly Parton, Stevie Wonder, Willie Nelson and Miley Cyrus are just a few of the most well-known artists that appeared on “Cowboy Carter.”
Shaboozey and Post Malone also lent their talents to the 11-time Grammy-nominated album.
Although we don’t know if any of the artists listed above will actually join her onstage, we do know the best way to find out is live (with Netflix being a close second option).
If you want to be there to see the game Beyoncé (and maybe Paul and Dolly!) live, tickets are still available.
At the time of publication, the lowest price we could find on tickets was $196 before fees on Vivid Seats.
Texans fans Beyhive members hoping to get closer to the action can scoop up 100-level seats for $389 before fees.
For more information, our team has everything you need to know about the Ravens vs. Texans Christmas game below.
All prices listed above are subject to fluctuation.
A complete breakdown of all the best prices on tickets by section at NRG Stadium can be found here:
(Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are in US dollars, subject to fluctuation and, if it isn’t noted, will include additional fees at checkout.)
Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. 
They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event.
Still curious about Vivid Seats? You can find an article from their team about why the company is legit here.
Want to go to a less high-profile game before Christmas?
Here are your two options, Texans fans.
Never been out to Houston’s NRG Stadium to see Stroud toss a touchdown or two in person?
To make life easy, check out a map of NRG Stadium here for a better picture of all the views from the stands.
There is no shortage of ways to watch Texans games live from the comfort of your own home this season.
You can find Ryan’s redoubtable roster on ABC, CBS, ESPN, Fox, NBC and the NFL Network on select dates.
This particular game will be broadcast on Netflix.
If you are outside of the US or unable to watch this game on Netflix in your region, consider a VPN (Virtual Private Network). Whether you’re traveling or living abroad, using a VPN allows you to stream live TV and your favorite shows and movies using your usual streaming services without any restrictions. A VPN lets you change the IP address on your device so that you can access your favorite apps and websites, whether you’re in the UK, Canada, Mexico, or anywhere in the world.
NordVPN is currently offering up to 74% off for Black Friday + 3 months extra!
Known for its fast and reliable server connections, NordVPN is regarded as one of the best options in the market. It has an expansive collection of servers worldwide. More importantly, it comes equipped with several privacy and security features that protect your device against malware and keep your browsing safe and anonymous.
Unblock your streaming service and start watching now for only $2.99/month! Plus, get three extra months for free and a 30-day money-back guarantee.
The Texans and Bey aren’t the only entertainment option in the Bayou City.
Dozens of huge acts are dropping into H-Town these next few months. Here are just five of our favorites you won’t want to miss live.
• Mariah Carey (Nov. 19)
• Usher (Nov. 27, 29-30)
• Trans-Siberian Orchestra (Dec. 26)
• Mary J. Blige (Feb. 18, 2025)
• Tyler, The Creator (March 19, 2025)
Need a little more music in your life? Check out our list of all the 2025 Grammy nominees on tour to find the show for you.
This article was written by Matt Levy, New York Post live events reporter. Levy stays up-to-date on all the latest tour announcements from your favorite musical artists and comedians, as well as Broadway openings, sporting events and more live shows – and finds great ticket prices online. Since he started his tenure at the Post in 2022, Levy has reviewed a Bruce Springsteen concert and interviewed Melissa Villaseñor of SNL fame, to name a few. Please note that deals can expire, and all prices are subject to change