A modern take on a western classic
Every product on this page was chosen by a Harper's BAZAAR editor. We may earn commission on some of the items you choose to buy.
Beyoncé’s Cowboy Carter era is all about embracing the power suit with a strong western twist.
Since the release of her highly anticipated eighth studio album last month, the musical phenom has been doling out look after look on Instagram—many of which feature her suiting up.
Her latest photo dump, for instance, shows Beyoncé in a body-sculpting suit completely awash in a pale beige. The Ferragamo look is proof that an all-beige ensemble doesn’t have to be boring (and definitely won’t be on Bey’s watch).
The look consisted of a lightweight single-breasted trench coat layered over a waist-cinching blazer without lapels, a collared button-down, and a pair of slouchy pleated trousers from the brand’s Spring/Summer 2023 collection. Beyoncé and stylist Shiona Turini added a dash of modernity with a few accessories, including a custom patent leather clutch in a dark espresso hue and massive shiny silver earrings by 8 Other Reasons.
Of course, it isn’t a Cowboy Carter outfit unless Beyoncé adds some sartorial homages to her home state of Texas, and she did so with aplomb for this particular look. Her western accessories included a color-coordinated beige cowboy hat and a black braided leather bolo tie with a turquoise-encrusted silver pendant.
This Ferragamo outfit is the latest in a roundup of suits the “American Requiem” singer has been showing off since February, when she announced the release of Cowboy Carter. Among her other recent cowboy-hat-adorned ensembles are a bejeweled silver suit at Luar’s NYFW show, a fringe-lined black leather suit at the iHeartRadio Music Awards, and a double-denim set reminiscent of Madonna’s iconic cone-bra moment.
Prince Harry Says He May Not Return to the U.K. 
George Clooney Played Softball In Central Park
Hunter Schafer Gives the Tracksuit a Playful Twist
Blake Lively Wears a “Wedding Gown” on Late Night 
Bella Hadid Glows in a Bubblegum-Pink Set
J.Lo’s Dress Shimmers Like a Starry Night Sky
Hailey Bieber’s Party Dress Is Made of Watches
Princess Charlotte's Birthday Portrait, by Kate
Kendall Jenner’s Halter Plunges to New Depths
Florence Pugh Steps Out in Five Different Looks
Kate and William Show Rare PDA in New Photos
Dua Lipa Looks Cool In Leather Pants
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.