Country music stars are having a big year.
Shania Twain started her new Las Vegas residency, Zach Bryan released highly-anticipated new music, and Beyoncé showed off her Texas roots with the release of "Cowboy Carter."
Those three stars and others have also made splashes on red carpets throughout 2024 — sometimes in stunning fashion, and other times not.
Here's a look at the best and worst outfits country musicians have worn this year.
She arrived at the ACM Awards wearing a black Roberto Cavalli gown that was both elegant and slightly daring. It had a halter neckline with a deep bodice slit, a matching cut across its floor-length skirt, and a short train that extended beside her.
The dress was also embellished with a silver collar and turquoise-studded belt, adding a Western touch to the overall look.
Lambert completed her outfit with strappy silver sandals, a metallic clutch, and statement earrings.
The Grammy winner also wore Roberto Cavalli in the form of a leopard-print catsuit — one of the night's most daring looks.
Her outfit included a string halter top with a keyhole cutout at the chest and flowing bell-bottom pants. However, the latter portion was too long for the musician, making her outfit look ill-fitting as she walked the teal carpet.
Her suit also needed some metallic accessories, like a gold belt at the waist or cuff bracelets across her wrists.
At the 2024 iHeartRadio Music Awards, Beyoncé made an appearance in a strong Versace ensemble.
It included a few leather pieces adorned with gold hardware and fringe, from her black button-up top to her high-waisted pants.
The music icon also wore a gold-studded belt, black sunglasses, hoop earrings, and a Versace cowboy hat, making her outfit one of the best of the night.
Twain has defended her daring fashion of recent years, saying in April 2023 that "life is too short to wear boring clothes."
That might be true, but the Christian Siriano suit she sported at the 2024 pre-Grammy gala didn't reach its potential.
She wore the gold, textured two-piece with its jacket buttoned up to her collarbones, making the top look stiff. Instead, she should have worn it open with a bralette or crop top beneath it, as shown on the designer's runway.
T.J. looked cool in powder blue, wearing a colorful tuxedo adorned with a pearl brooch over a red shirt. John, on the other hand, went full country in a paisley blouse, a burnt-orange suede jacket, and a cowboy hat.
Their outfits were just coordinated enough to work together but also representative of their individual styles.
His outfit that night included a plaid top with gradient shading, dark skinny jeans that were baggy at the bottom, and chunky black boots with white soles.
The ensemble might have worked for a casual concert or a day out, but it was arguably too laid back for an awards ceremony.
Ballerini quickly became one of the best-dressed stars of the 2024 Fashion Trust US Awards when she arrived in a lace Zuhair Murad dress.
The long-sleeved garment had a high neckline, a corset bodice that hugged her body, and a see-through skirt that reached the floor.
The daring outfit choice stood out on the pink carpet and showed how drastically Ballerini's style has evolved over the years.
The country legend was in attendance that night wearing a fun pair of lace pants with black fringe and sparkles. And her blazer was equally eye-catching thanks to its all-over rhinestones.
But McEntire's overall look missed the mark because of her turquoise jewelry. Her statement necklace and rings were a bold choice that took away from the chic suit.
Brown looked dapper in his two-piece outfit, including black trousers with sparkling stripes and a matching jacket over a satin blouse.
He also accessorized perfectly with dress shoes, a black cowboy hat, and minimal jewelry.
He arrived on the red carpet wearing a standard black tuxedo, as well as an undershirt and bow tie in the same dark shade.
The solid shade made Bryan blend into the background during much of the event, and didn't highlight his new star power.
A different-colored jacket or one with a print could have worked better.
She wore a Georges Hobeika midi dress made from light-wash denim and embellished with teardrop crystals.
The form-fitting piece also had a sweetheart neckline and long, feathered sleeves, adding Hollywood glamour to the classic Western fabric.
Her Dolce & Gabbana frock was shapeless and floor length, with large silver sequins decorating its white fabric.
While its metallic shine complemented Ballerini, the gown's bodice had too much fabric. The excess created odd shapes as she walked and distracted from the overall look.
His custom three-piece from La Roxx included a black, sparkling button-up, a beaded jacket with his name painted across the back, and trousers with rose prints down each leg.
But the most memorable piece of Shaboozey's showstopping look that night was his footwear.
He wore a black pair of Crocs covered in sparkles, which made them look more like dressy loafers than rubber shoes.
Jump to