No matter what recent rulings say, we are #TeamJordanChiles. Period.
Source: Tom Weller/VOIGT / Getty
Jordan Chiles has been winning at the 2024 Paris Olympics – in more ways than one.  
A leading member of Team USA’s women’s gymnastics team, she has dominated everything from the floor to the beam to the rings.  Her performances have been nothing short of spectacular, contributing to Team USA’s overall success and earning her individual accolades. 
Jordan clinched gold in the all-around competition. She also secured a bronze medal for her performance in the individual floor exercise.
Yes, the 2024 Olympics has genuinely been the celebrity favorite athlete’s time to shine, but recent events may be threatening to dim her light.
Keep scrolling to learn why.
Source: Simon Bruty / Getty
Jordan’s bronze medal is now in jeopardy due to controversy surrounding her original floor exercise scores. According to multiple reports, Jordan initially placed fifth based on live scoring, behind two Romanian gymnasts.
However, Jordan’s coach, Cecile Landi, requested a review of her scores. The judges agreed that her scores were too low given the difficulty of her routine, which led to an adjustment that elevated Jordan to the bronze medal position on August 5.
(It’s important to note that score inquiries are standard in gymnastics. As reported by the Associated Press, scores can be adjusted up or down based on these reviews.)
In the days following the competition, the Romanian Olympic Committee protested the revised scores. Today, the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) ruled in favor of the two Romanian gymnasts, overturning the original decision.
According to NPR, the court determined Cecile’s inquiry into Jordan’s scores was filed too late. The rules of the sport require inquiries to be filed within one minute, but Cecile’s inquiry was reportedly filed after one minute and four seconds.
The new ruling returned Jordan’s original scores, placing her back in fifth place, thus revoking her medal.
Source: DeFodi Images / Getty
The CAS decision has sent shockwaves through Team USA and among Jordan’s fans, friends, and family. USA Gymnastics has issued several statements expressing support for Jordan.
“We are devastated by the Court of Arbitration for Sport ruling regarding women’s floor exercise,” Team USA told People. “The inquiry into the Difficulty Value of Jordan Chiles’ floor exercise routine was filed in good faith and, we believed, in accordance with FIG rules to ensure accurate scoring.”
Jordan’s teammate Simone Biles took her to Instagram to show her support.
“I’m sending you so much love, Jordan  Keep your chin up, Olympic champ! We love you!” Simone wrote in her Instagram Stories.
Jordan hasn’t released an official statement but did post a series of heartbroken emojis on her Instagram Stories before the official ruling was announced.
“I am taking this time and removing myself from social media for my mental health, thank you,” she reportedly added to her live Story posts. 
Source: John Nacion / Getty
No matter what the outcome, we are #TeamJordanChiles. Period.
Endorsed by Megan Thee Stallion, Michael Jordan, and Beyoncé, Jordan has owned this Olympic season in every way.
No one can take that away from her.
Her 2024 performances have repeatedly made headlines, showcasing her tenacity, style, and grace. And she has shown the world the deep diversity of melanin beauty with glittery golden grills, eye-popping makeup, and stunning nails.
Few athletes have slayed this year’s games like the breakout gymnastics star. And we have loved every Olympic moment with her in it. 
Jordan Chiles is an Olympic champion. We’re with you, Jordan!
RELATED
5 Things To Know About Jordan Chiles: The Talented Olympic Gymnast
Beyoncé Ignites The Olympic Spirit With Her Surprise Team USA Video & Medal-Worthy Style


Jordan Chiles’ Bronze Medal Status Is In Question – And We Have A Problem With That 
						was originally published on
						hellobeautiful.com



									Listen Live								

									Shannon Sharpe Accused of Rape In $50 Million Lawsuit								

									Road To The Roots Sweepstakes								

									Rest In Power: Notable Black Folks Who We’ve Lost In 2025								

									Arlington, VA Named One of the Best Cities to Live in America								

									Washington Commanders 2025 NFL Draft Picks: Full List Of Team’s Round-By-Round Selection								

									27 Insane Pictures Of Iggy Azalea’s Booty (PHOTOS)								

									30 Photos Of Cardi B’s Ass								

					We care about your data. See our privacy policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.