By SHARON MAI FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  06:26, 10 December 2024   |  Updated:  06:32, 10 December 2024   
 3
View  comments
Rachel Lindsay is rumored to be dating a musician with ties to Beyonce - amid the Bachelorette star's divorce.
The Bachelorette star, 39, has reportedly been spending time with country singer Willie Jones, who collaborated with Beyoncé on her Cowboy Carter album.
On Friday, the pair were spotted together on what appeared to be a date at iHeart's Jingle Ball in Los Angeles, per TMZ. 
The attorney, who was a contestant on the The Bachelor's 21st season and was the lead of The Bachelorette's 13th season, put on a cozy display, sources told the outlet.
This comes amid her nasty divorce from her estranged husband Bryan Abasolo, whom she met on The Bachelor.
The reality TV personality, 44, filed for divorce from Lindsay earlier this year in January. 
Rachel Lindsay is rumored to be dating a musician with ties to Beyonce amid her divorce; pictured August in Los Angeles
Other attendees at the holiday concert told the outlet that Lindsay and her rumored beau were having fun all night in the Patrón Lounge suite. 
When T-Pain started performing, the pair reportedly got up to dance together. 
They reportedly extended their date to Sunday and hit up the Melrose Trading Post together with their pooches. 
A store at the outdoor market called Blk Rchvs shared a photo of them together on social media. 
And in the photos, the pair are seen wrapping their arms around each other. 
As the pair continue to fuel romance rumors, a source told the outlet that Lindsay appeared to be 'the happiest she's been in a long time.' 
Jones, a former contestant on The X Factor, was featured on Beyonce's country album on the track Just For Fun. 
Lindsay's rumored romance with the country singer comes amid her ongoing, contentious divorce battle from her ex.
The attorney, who was a contestant on the The Bachelor 's 21st season and was the lead of The Bachelorette's 13th season, put on a cozy display at iHeart's Jingle Ball in Los Angeles on Friday, sources told the outlet. They reportedly extended their date to Sunday and hit up the Melrose Trading Post together with their pooches
The Bachelorette star, 39, has reportedly been spending time with country singer Willie Jones, who collaborated with Beyoncé on her Cowboy Carter album; pictured April in Austin
Lindsay and Abasolo met on The Bachelor in 2017 and tied the knot in 2019. 
They called it quits in December 2023 after four years of marriage. 
Recently, Lindsay spoke about noticing red flags in her relationship with her ex but ignoring them.
On an episode of The View, which aired on December 3, she admitted she was 'wrapped up in shame.' 
'I know this all too well right now,' she confessed to the talk show hosts.
'For those of you who don't know, I met my ex on The Bachelor. We're currently going through a divorce right now, and it's really interesting,' she said. 
Lindsay's rumored romance with the country singer comes amid her ongoing, contentious divorce battle from her ex Bryan Abasolo; pictured April 2018 in Philadelphia
Lindsay and Abasolo met on The Bachelor in 2017 and tied the knot in 2019. They called it quits in December 2023 after four years of marriage; pictured July 2022 in Los Angeles
'We met, we dated for two and a half years, we went and got married,' she recalled.
'And we were looked at as one of the more successful relationships that came from the show. Anywhere I went, people would ask me about my relationship,' she said.
'And you feel the public pressure to always let people know that things are great, even though behind closed doors, that might not be the case — or you're working on it, or you're having a bad day or whatever it might be.' 
She continued: 'A lot of that is wrapped up in shame. You don't want to say that it fell. You're scared, you don't want people to see you in a different way.' 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group