To quote Linda Martell on Beyoncé’s "Cowboy Carter," "Genres are a funny little concept, aren't they?" When it comes to music, categorization can often cause a fuss, with many artists these days blurring the lines between different styles. This year is no exception, with some of the biggest awards contenders of the year having ambiguous genre identities that we probably won’t be sure of until Grammy ballots are out and voting begins.
The biggest is probably Beyoncé herself, with her genre-expansive "Cowboy Carter." The record is ostensibly a country music album, though it might fit better in the Best Americana Album category. Americana is like a sister to country music, but with a deeper focus on rock and soul influences; the genre has been exploding in the past few years, with artists like Brandi Carlile and Noah Kahan leading the way. So "Cowboy Carter’s" rock, blues and soul sensibilities on tracks like “Ya Ya” and “Alligator Tears” could prompt the screening panel to move it to Americana, if it isn't submitted there already, to better represent its genre amalgamation. There’s also always the possibility of the album ending up in pop or, god forbid, progressive R&B. It’s unlikely, though, since there would probably be a huge backlash if they silo off a Black artist into R&B categories where she doesn't fit. Beyoncé’s individual songs run the gamut, though, so she might be submitting them to a lot of different fields.
Another contender who might venture into American roots is Maggie Rogers. Her new album, "Don’t Forget Me," is a stark departure from her more alt-pop-oriented previous sound. It's more of a folk-rock record. As such, maybe she’ll submit it to Best Folk Album or Best Americana Album. Rogers might still end up in the alternative categories, however, since that’s where her last (but vastly different) album, "Surrender," was submitted. The title track, which topped triple-A radio, sounds like a much better fit for Americana, though, especially with how much it seems to be drawing from artists like Brandi Carlile.
Similarly, pop singer-songwriter Lizzy McAlpine’s "Older" is a folksier, quieter effort after her pop breakout album, "Five Seconds Flat." "Older" seems pretty fitting for Best Folk Album, but might also make sense as traditional pop -- it is closer to a Laufey or Ben Platt record than the new ones from Ariana Grande and Taylor Swift.
A big hit this year is Artemas’s "I Like the Way You Kiss Me," which has topped the Spotify global charts. The upbeat, dark-wave track could easily be an entry for Best Pop Solo Performance, but a Best Pop Dance Recording submission might be more appropriate. Or his team might brand it an alternative track, which would place it in Best Alternative Music Performance. But since alternative voters tend to favor established stalwarts in the field, a nomination is likely more easily achieved in pop.
Another breakout artist is in a similar position. Tommy Richman, who is popping right now thanks to his viral hit “Million Dollar Baby,” might also be submitted to Pop Solo, but could make a play for Best R&B Performance or even Best Melodic Rap Performance. The track’s style is reminiscent of some modern R&B, so I think a submission there could make the most sense. But R&B, like alternative, is a genre that tends not to favor possible one-hit wonders or non-established new artists, so pop could be more welcoming to him too.
Last but not least, there’s Doja Cat’s hit “Agora Hills.” It could fit in pop, R&B or rap. The first of those might make the most sense, since Doja’s other hit from her "Scarlet" album, “Paint the Town Red,” competed there. Then again, this track did something that "Paint the Town Red" couldn’t do: top urban radio. So maybe she goes for a Melodic Rap submission, especially since a major point of this era is to prove Doja’s rap abilities. Or maybe she'll submit it to R&B, since it’s a groovy sultry track that would be just as much at home on a SZA record. For now, I’m tempted to call it pop, but Melodic Rap might be where it’s most competitive due to weaker competition.
As the year progresses, we may see if there’s a particular push for the above projects into specific markets. Oftentimes an album or song’s submissions depends on the radio format it does best in, which audiences the project is marketed to, and what the general popular consensus is. So, let’s wait until late summer when campaigning starts to kick in; There may be more clarity by then.
Make your predictions at Gold Derby now. Download our free and easy app for Apple/iPhone devices or Android (Google Play) to compete against legions of other fans plus our experts and editors for best prediction accuracy scores. See our latest prediction champs. Can you top our esteemed leaderboards next? Always remember to keep your predictions updated because they impact our latest racetrack odds, which terrify record executives and music stars. Don't miss the fun. Speak up and share your huffy opinions in our famous forums where thousands of showbiz leaders lurk every day to track latest awards buzz. Everybody wants to know: What do you think? Who do you predict and why?
Electronic Artist Porter Robinson may compete as either Pop or Alternative this year for his new, live-band centric album SMILE
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…
Take a trip back to the Academy Awards ceremonies of the recent past with Gold Derby’s Oscars Playback series. Hosts Joyce Eng and Christopher Rosen recap every Oscar ceremony of the 1990s and 2000s. Joyce and Chris tackle the highs and lows of each show and see how the winners aged. It’s a wonderful night for Oscar, whenever you watch!

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media