By 

	Tomás Mier


Halle Bailey channeled her inner Little Mermaid as she played a sweet rendition of Sabrina Carpenter‘s “Please Please Please” near the beach. On Tuesday, Halle shared a minute-long cover of the Short But Sweet hit — and got approval from Carpenter herself.

	Wearing headphones and a black bathing suit, Bailey performed the cover, adding a Chloe X Halle twang to Carpenter’s pop lyrics, as she strummed her guitar. “Woke up with this song in my headdd,” Bailey captioned the post. “I love itt.”

	Carpenter was quick to share her reaction, reposting the video on her Instagram Story, writing, “Heart eyes and heart ears !!!” On the post, Carpenter commented, “heavenly perfect angel.” 
A post shared by Halle Bailey (@hallebailey)

	Halle also received props from celeb friends and family. “Angelic!!!! My angel,” wrote her sister Chlöe. “Wow,” wrote singer Perrie Edwards. “My goodness,” commented Kehlani. “Yessss,” added GloRilla.

	Halle has been releasing music under Beyoncé’s Parkwood Entertainment imprint this year. She released solo single “In Your Hands” in March and “Angel” last August.

	











	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	









	
	
		
					Walton Goggins Shuts Down Interview Over Aimee Lou Wood Questions		
	








	The new rendition from Halle comes as Carpenter’s “Please Please Please” spent its fifth week in the Billboard Hot 100 Top 10, this week remaining at Number Six, while “Espresso” stayed at Number Five. Carpenter holds the record of having multiple songs in the Top 10 for the most weeks of any other artist this year.

	Carpenter released the video for “Please Please Please” several weeks ago, and spoke to Rolling Stone about taking inspiration from her relationship with actor Barry Keoghan, who also starred in the video. “Obviously, I write songs about exactly how I feel, so I guess I can’t be so surprised that people are interested in who and what those songs are about,”  Carpenter said at the time. “That’s something that comes with the territory.”
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.