Feel that? It's not an earthquake, it's two Virgos falling for each other.
Who could be a better match for a Virgo than another Virgo? Other signs just can’t measure up to the standards of the zodiac’s perfectionist! This earth sign is incredibly intelligent, hard-working, perceptive, not to mention sexy. (See: Beyoncé, Zendaya, Nick Jonas, and Colin Firth.) When two Virgos date each other, the earth literally shakes because of how powerful they are together. But while the initial spark is hot, not all Virgo/Virgo couples can make it work long-term. Let’s talk details:
Dates: August 23 to September 22
Element: Earth
Modality: Mutable
Ruler: Mercury
Represented by: The maiden
Tarot card: the Hermit
Famous Virgos: Beyoncé, Zendaya, Keke Palmer, Sofia Richie, Prince Harry, Keanu Reeves, Salma Hayek, Blake Lively, Sydney Sweeney, Nick Jonas, Chris Pine, John Mulaney, Lili Reinhart, Jason Derulo, Niall Horan, Liam Payne, Ava DuVernay, Melissa McCarthy 
Here are a few words that are commonly used to describe Virgos: Critical, picky, perfectionist, and neurotic. These earth signs know what they want down to the very last detail, and if you don’t get it exactly right, they will let you know. However, there’s no one Virgo turns their critical eye on quite as harshly as themselves. They can be very hard on themselves! Yes, Virgo's work ethic can be both a blessing and a curse. These perfectionist signs will put in as much hard work as it takes to get it right, whether it’s perfecting their grilled cheese technique or putting together a presentation at work.
Virgo and Virgo get along likethis. They  probably share interests, a sense of humor, a work ethic, values, etc. It’s almost like they’re the same person! And unlike, say, a Leo/Leo friendship duo, Virgo/Virgo BFFs aren’t fighting for the spotlight or battling egos. However, this isn't to say that all Virgo/Virgo friendships are smooth sailing. Virgo is known for being both very particular and very critical. Even if two Virgos share very similar interests, they care immensely about the little details and can clash if they disagree. And Virgo is one of the most passive-aggressive signs in the zodiac, so they won't talk it out and move on quickly; they'll let resentment fester for weeks, months, or even years.
Virgo might be represented by “the virgin,” but don’t let the name fool you. Virgos might look like angels, but they have a not-so-secret kinky side. As earth signs, they’re particularly in tune with all things ~sensual~. When it comes to sex, they’re known to be givers, making sure that their partners experience as much pleasure as possible. They're also kinky and might enjoy anal play, BDSM, or medical-themed role play. Two Virgos can easily spend all day in bed together, getting each other off in as many different ways as they can think of.
Virgo’s perfectionist nature can go one of two ways in a romantic relationship. Either both people are really focused on putting the work in to make their relationship as best as it can be, doing things like scheduling regular check-ins, working on their communication skills, and going out on weekly date nights. Or they can turn their critical eye on each other, letting resentment build up over little things like which way to put the toilet paper on the holder or how thoroughly to rinse the dishes before putting them in the dishwasher. 
In a marriage or other long-term, committed relationship, it’s inevitable that at one point or another, you’re going to get on each other’s nerves. This is especially true for a Virgo/Virgo couple, each of whom likes things just so. This doesn’t mean that a marriage is doomed to fail! It just means that it’s extra important for a Virgo/Virgo pair to learn to communicate directly and honestly, make time for romance, and give each other space when they need it. 
Generally, two people who are the same zodiac sign make a great pair. But for Virgo/Virgo couples, their dual perfectionist streaks and particular natures can sometimes make their relationship a struggle. If they can focus on communication and compromise, however, this can be an incredibly rewarding relationship for both Virgos. No one gets them like each other!
Together:
Broken up:
How Will Pluto Retrograde Impact Your Star Sign?
Your May Horoscope Has Officially Arrived!
Your Zodiac Sign Says A Lot About Your Bed Routine
All About the 12th House in Astrology
Taurus Celebrities Are the Best Celebrities 
Your Zodiac Sign Says You Need These Shoes 
Your Weekly Tarotscope for April 27
Your Horoscope for the Week of April 27
Your Horoscope for the New Moon in Taurus
All About Your “Big Three”
Your Zodiac Sign Says You Need These Sunglasses
Your Weekly Tarotscope for April 20-26
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.