By CASSIE CARPENTER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  06:36, 21 March 2024   |  Updated:  13:27, 21 March 2024   
 208
View  comments
For the second time in a year, Erykah Badu has accused Beyoncé Knowles-Carter of appropriating her eccentric, bohemian style - this time with braids.
On Wednesday, the 42-year-old R&B diva unveiled the limited-edition vinyl cover for her eighth studio album Act II: Cowboy Carter - dropping March 29 - and the 53-year-old neo-soul songstress reposted it with the pointed caption: 'Hmmm.'
Erykah (born Erica Wright) frequently rocked the beaded bang braids between December 2023 and February of this year, including on the January cover of D Magazine.
Badu has been wearing the distinctive plaited hairstyle - made famous by Rick James and the Williams Sisters - as far back as 2010.
It only took two hours for the four-time Grammy winner to be so inundated by messages from Beyoncé's 425M-strong Beyhive that she desperately reached out to her husband Jay-Z.
For the second time in a year, Erykah Badu has accused Beyoncé Knowles-Carter of appropriating her eccentric, bohemian style - this time with braids
'To Jay Z. Say somethin Jay,' Erykah - who has 13.5M social media followers - tweeted.
'You gone let this woman and these bees do this to me?'
And while Knowles-Carter and the 53-year-old rap mogul remained silent, her publicist Yvette Noel-Schure posted a montage of her rocking braided hairstyles throughout the years with the caption: 'She slays. She slays. Now. Then. Always. act ii COWBOY CARTER 3.29 #criticswithoutcredentials.'
Back on July 31, Badu Instastoried a snap of the 32-time Grammy winner wearing a custom Ruslan Baginskiy silver boater hat during her 56-date Renaissance World Tour with the same pointed caption: 'Hmm.'
The Marni collaborator immediately followed that up with a snap of herself performing in her 'favorite chrome mirror hat' with the shady caption: 'I guess I'm everybody's stylist.'
Erykah had debuted the towering topper on May 1 while DJing the official Met Gala after-party celebrating 'Karl Lagerfeld: A Line Of Beauty' at the Costume Institute in Manhattan.
Beyoncé - who has FIVE stylists Marni Senofonte, KJ Moody, Shiona Turini, Karen Langley, and Julia Sarr-Jamois - did damage control by shouting Badu's name four times during Break My Soul (Queens Remix) onstage Gillette Stadium in Foxborough, MA on August 1.
Ironically, both ladies hail from Texas with the Badu World Market founder based in Dallas and Knowles-Carter born and raised in Houston.
On Wednesday, the 42-year-old R&B diva unveiled the limited-edition vinyl cover for her eighth studio album Act II: Cowboy Carter - dropping March 29 - and the 53-year-old neo-soul songstress reposted it with the pointed caption: 'Hmmm'
Erykah (born Erica Wright) frequently rocked the beaded bang braids between December 2023 and February of this year, including on the January cover of D Magazine
Badu has been wearing the distinctive plaited hairstyle - made famous by Rick James and the Williams Sisters - as far back as 2010
It only took two hours for the four-time Grammy winner to be so inundated by messages from Beyoncé's 425M-strong Beyhive that she desperately reached out to her husband Jay-Z (R, pictured Wednesday)
Erykah - who has 13.5M social media followers - tweeted: 'To Jay Z. Say somethin Jay. You gone let this woman and these bees do this to me?'
And while Knowles-Carter and the 53-year-old rap mogul remained silent, her publicist Yvette Noel-Schure posted a montage of her rocking braided hairstyles throughout the years with the caption: 'She slays. She slays. Now. Then. Always. act ii COWBOY CARTER 3.29 #criticswithoutcredentials'
A post shared by Yvette Noel-Schure (@yvettenoelschure)
Back on July 31, Badu Instastoried a snap of the 32-time Grammy winner wearing a custom Ruslan Baginskiy silver boater hat during her 56-date Renaissance World Tour with the same pointed caption: 'Hmm' 
The Marni collaborator immediately followed that up with a snap of herself performing in her 'favorite chrome mirror hat' with the shady caption: 'I guess I'm everybody's stylist' 
Erykah had debuted the towering topper on May 1 while DJing the official Met Gala after-party celebrating 'Karl Lagerfeld: A Line Of Beauty' at the Costume Institute in Manhattan
Beyoncé - who has FIVE stylists - did damage control by shouting Badu's name four times during Break My Soul (Queens Remix) onstage Gillette Stadium in Foxborough, MA on August 1 
Queen Bey just made history as the first black woman to top the Billboard's Hot Country Songs chart with her new single Texas Hold 'Em, which also topped the Billboard Hot 100
Queen Bey just made history as the first black woman to top the Billboard's Hot Country Songs chart with her new single Texas Hold 'Em, which also topped the Billboard Hot 100.
Meanwhile, Erykah - whose last single Yun was in 2022 - hasn't released a full-blown studio album since New Amerykah Part Two (Return of the Ankh) in 2010.
Over the last decade, Badu has made headlines for leaking footage from former President Barack Obama's 60th birthday party as well as her public support of controversial figures like Louis Farrakhan, R. Kelly, Bill Cosby, and Eswatini King Mswati III.
The Cookies Cannabis paid partner has a cameo in Malcolm Washington's big-screen adaptation of August Wilson's 1987 play The Piano Lesson, which premieres later this year on Netflix.
John David Washington, Samuel L. Jackson, Ray Fisher, and Danielle Deadwyler will also star in the 1936-set Pittsburgh drama, which had a successful Broadway revival in 2022 at the Ethel Barrymore Theatre.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group