HelloBeautiful sat down with Sherri to talk Season 3 of her hit talk show, how she embraces a healthier lifestyle with Pfizer, and the power and strength of Black women.
Source: Noir Photography / Noir Photography
As the host of the talk show Sherri, Sherri Shepherd has become a master interviewer. She connects with people in a way that feels like catching up with a good girl friend. The 57-year-old has a way of relating to her guests, making them feel comfortable, and leading them through dialogues and skits that we can’t get enough of.
With the show heading into its third season this fall and other exciting updates in the personality’s life, I couldn’t wait to sit down with Sherri and get the inside scoop on what’s next. This time, the tables were turned as Sherri sat down with me and HelloBeautiful for an exclusive interview, where she discussed everything from the future of her show and career happenings to her self-care routines and ongoing health journey.
RELATED: Sherri Shepherd Starts Mounjaro After Having Difficulties Finding The Popular Medication
Source: Noir Photography / Noir Photography
When Sherri walked into the studio, she looked flawless. Despite a day filled with promo videos, tapings, and camera work, no hair was out of place, and no makeup was smudged. 
Her hair was styled in a sleek middle part with soft, feathered curls that framed her face perfectly. Her makeup was on point, giving her a natural glow. And she wore a deep purple top that made her melanin skin pop.
In other words, Sherri was giving everything she needed to give.
But I wasn’t surprised. Sherri is an Emmy-nominated and NAACP award-winning host who has worn several Black designers, from Sergio Hudson to Hanifa. Whether slaying the red carpet or dressing up like Beyoncé on the stage, she knows how to make an entrance.
I wasn’t surprised when she did exactly that during our interview.
Source: Noir Photography / Noir Photography
RELATED: Fantasia, Nia Long, And Sherri Shepherd Among The Newest Hollywood Walk Of Fame Stars
When I asked Sherri what we can expect in Season 3 of her show, her enthusiasm was contagious. She shared her excitement about bringing a range of dream guests to her stage—from Eminem and Cardi B to the Obamas. Sherri also mentioned how much she’d love to have Megan Thee Stallion on the show.
I asked her if she and the Hot Girl Coach would have a twerking contest.
Sherri smiled, saying dancing with Meg may not be as much of a contest as an opportunity to learn a few tips.
“It will never be a [twerking] contest between me and Megan,” the stand-up comedian joked. “It’d be the auntie and the niece show. I would like her to show me some of her moves.”
One thing that stood out during our chat was how deeply Sherri supports and loves Black women. She uses her show as a platform to elevate our stories, magic, and power and can’t stop talking about the positive Black women in her life. 
When asked what Black women inspire her, she named everyone from her mother to her best friend Niecy Nash to Viola Davis, her nieces, and so many others.
Sherri’s fans see her sisterhood and reflect her passion for love and collaboration.  “We’re looking forward to coming back in syndication. I’m number one with Black women 25 to 54 and number two with all women,” Sherri shared about how Black women lead in demographics for her show. “It’s nice to know I get so much support from the ladies.”
Our conversation naturally turned to health and wellness, topics close to Sherri’s heart. As a person with type 2 diabetes, Sherri is committed to maintaining a healthy lifestyle for herself and her son, Jeffrey. “Jeffrey is my biggest motivation,” she shared. “I want to live a full life with my son, and because I have diabetes, I refuse to let it ruin my life.”
Sherri is a vocal advocate for those living with diabetes, encouraging them to embrace life fully and unapologetically. “This is not a death sentence,” she declared. “As a matter of fact, it can help you live better and stronger.”
Sherri often uses her online and on-screen platforms to inspire others through their diabetes journey. As recently as this summer, she shared difficulty in securing popular diabetes management interventions. Sherri candidly shares her struggles and triumphs.
Sherri’s dedication to her health journey has led her to partner with Pfizer on an educational campaign to raise awareness about pneumococcal pneumonia, particularly among people with diabetes. “I didn’t even know I was at a five times higher risk of getting pneumococcal pneumonia because of my diabetes,” she admitted. Getting vaccinated against it is one less thing I have to worry about.”
She ended our conversation with a powerful call to action: “Go and talk to your doctor or pharmacist about getting the shot and see if it’s right for you.”
Source: Noir Photography / Noir Photography
My conversation with Sherri was a moment. I was nervous about interviewing an interviewer, but I felt we were instant friends by the end of our conversations. Whether hosting her talk show, celebrating Black women, or advocating for health and wellness, Sherri is that girl.
RELATED
Sherri Shepherd Goes For Bold Stripes At The 50th Daytime Emmys
Sherri Shepherd Nailed Beyoncé’s RWT Looks For Her Talk Show’s Halloween Episode


Sherri Shepherd Dishes On Season 3 Of Her Show, Embracing A Healthy Lifestyle, And The Power Of Black Women 
						was originally published on
						hellobeautiful.com



									Listen Live								

									Shannon Sharpe Accused of Rape In $50 Million Lawsuit								

									Road To The Roots Sweepstakes								

									Rest In Power: Notable Black Folks Who We’ve Lost In 2025								

									Arlington, VA Named One of the Best Cities to Live in America								

									Washington Commanders 2025 NFL Draft Picks: Full List Of Team’s Round-By-Round Selection								

									27 Insane Pictures Of Iggy Azalea’s Booty (PHOTOS)								

									30 Photos Of Cardi B’s Ass								

					We care about your data. See our privacy policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.