By DEIRDRE DURKAN-SIMONDS FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  17:58, 13 April 2024   |  Updated:  22:01, 13 April 2024   
 237
View  comments
Taylor Swift and boyfriend Travis Kelce opted to skip Coachella for a quiet date night at one of her favorite restaurants in Los Angeles, California on Friday night.
While many fans speculated the couple would be heading to the desert to watch her longtime pal Lana Del Rey perform, the couple passed on the three-weekend event for a little quality time away from any crowds.
The pop icon and Kansas City Chiefs star, both 34, looked happy in love as they held hands while exiting Sushi Park, located on the second floor of a strip mall, together. 
The lowkey celeb hotspot is often frequented by some of Hollywood's biggest stars, including Dua Lipa, Kendall Jenner, Beyoncé and Harry Styles. 
Taylor Swift and boyfriend Travis Kelce opted to skip Coachella for a quiet date night at one of her favorite restaurants in Los Angeles, California on Friday night
While many fans speculated the couple would be heading to the desert to watch her longtime pal Lana Del Rey perform, the couple passed on the three-weekend event for a little quality time away from any crowds
The omakase-only Japanese restaurant has a strict no photos or no videos policy and is only open Tuesday-Saturday for three hours a day, from 5:30 pm to 8:30 pm. 
For their evening out, Swift sported a red varsity jacket with a 'W' decal on the front and white racing stripes down the sleeves over a dark top and denim skirt. 
She also sported her signature red lipstick and a $3,200 Gucci bag. 
Her man looked handsome in an olive green long sleeve, matching shorts and a pair of black sneakers. 
Although they did not make it to weekend one of Coachella, the lovebirds may be planning on going the second weekend, which will take place from April 19 to 21. 
A source told DailyMail.com that 'Taylor and Lana had dinner this week to talk about their time at Coachella, and what they will be doing and wearing.' 
'So they already have it all planned. They want to have fun and really enjoy themselves while in the desert and make it stress-free. Coachella can get stressful because of the crowds and all the events, but they want to be more chill,' the insider claimed.
The ladies plan to 'capture the vibe of Coachella,' with their fashion choices, it was added and will go 'hippie chic with an artist flair for fun,' it was added. 
The pop icon and Kansas City Chiefs star, both 34, looked happy in love as they held hands while exiting Sushi Park, located on the second floor of a strip mall, together
The lowkey celeb hotspot is often frequented by some of Hollywood's biggest stars, including Dua Lipa , Kendall Jenner , Beyoncé and Harry Styles
Swift appeared giddy as she shared a laugh with the athlete on their way out of the restaurant
For their evening out, Swift sported a red varsity jacket with white racing stripes down the sleeves over a dark top and denim skirt
Her man looked handsome in an olive green long sleeve, matching shorts and a pair of black sneakers
The source also said that Taylor has been in Los Angeles this week with Travis and even attended a taping of his new show Are You Smarter Than Celebrity? in the Culver City neighborhood.
'She has been by his side and likes to support him. Plus she thinks the show is super fun and will be a hit, so she is happy for him,' it was added.
Kelce has already told People that he is a 'Coachella guy': 'I love going to Coachella. I love live music in general. So you might see me pop up over there at some point.
Although they did not make it to weekend one of Coachella, the lovebirds may be planning on going the second weekend, which will take place from April 19 to 21
A source told DailyMail.com that 'Taylor and Lana had dinner this week to talk about their time at Coachella, and what they will be doing and wearing'
'So they already have it all planned. They want to have fun and really enjoy themselves while in the desert and make it stress-free. Coachella can get stressful because of the crowds and all the events, but they want to be more chill,' the insider claimed
Kelce has already told People that he is a 'Coachella guy': 'I love going to Coachella. I love live music in general. So you might see me pop up over there at some point
'I’m not sure if I’ll go to a weekend, one or two, or if I even have time knowing my schedule’s filling up pretty quick before we get started back up for football here.'
Taylor and Travis started dating in September.
Their relationship started heating up around the holidays and became very high profile when she attended the Super Bowl to support him. Lana was also there in her VIP box.
Swift is on a two month break from her The Eras Tour.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group