By
Thom Donovan
Quavo and Lana Del Rey debuted their new joint single “Tough” in June at Del Rey’s Fenway Park show in Boston.
Del Rey announced her first country album Lasso is coming in September. She said, “[Producer] Jack [Antonoff] has followed me to Muscle Shoals [Alabama], Nashville, Mississippi, over the last four years” because “we’re going country.” She also told her audience that “the music business is going country.”
She’s not wrong. “Tough” is a country-trap collaboration that follows the recent trend of pop’s biggest stars like Beyoncé and Post Malone turning toward country music. However, Quavo and Del Rey don’t sound far from home on their new hit.
Quavo and Del Rey use country music tropes to find the sweet in the salty. The song follows a couple expressing their grit, surviving humble beginnings as they navigate life together.
Tough like the scuff on a pair of old leather bootsLike the blue-collar, red-dirt attitudeLike a .38 made out of brassTough like the stuff in your grandpa’s glassLife’s gonna do what it doesSure as the good Lord’s up aboveI’m cut like a diamond shining in the roughTough
During Quavo’s verse, he raps about his struggle to find love. His voice is reverb-laden, and the cavernous quality makes him sound like he’s delivering his message of hope from another dimension.
Come on, take a ride with meLike the 808s beating in the trunk in Atlanta, it was toughIt was kinda hard for meCrawling through the mud, I couldn’t find love, then we came upLook at what we are, babyStanding through the storm, still shining like a diamond in the roughStill shining, and that’s hardIf you ever lost someone that you love
Clayton Johnson, one of the co-writers, recalled working on “Tough” with Del Rey in Nashville. He wrote on Instagram, “Back in January, Lana and I sat in Nashville freestyling songs on an acoustic guitar about imaginary animals and Oliver’s chew toys. I showed her a few songs I had been working on, and played her a song idea from a different session.”
Johnson further explained that Del Rey and her producer Jack Antonoff called and asked if they could rework an idea from one of Johnson’s voice memos. He said Del Rey had a vision for the song and “the rest is history.”
As is the case with modern pop songs, there’s a mass of writing credits including Del Rey, Quavo, Johnson, Antonoff, and the track’s producers, Andrew Watt and Cirkut. (A full paragraph of names accompanies the songwriting credits.)
Motown and Quality Control Music released “Tough” on July 3.
Wyatt Spain Winfrey directed the music video for “Tough.” There’s a Hummer and a mansion, a shotgun and a guitar, lots of diamonds, all interspersed with rural clips and semi-trucks.
Like most of Del Rey’s music videos, it’s filtered in nostalgic tones. One scene shows Quavo helping Del Rey aim a gun toward a beer bottle she later shoots. They drive away and playfully sing to each other as fuzzy dice dangle from the truck’s rearview mirror.
Atlanta rapper Quavo came to prominence fronting the hip-hop group Migos. As a solo artist, he’s collaborated with Post Malone, Drake, Justin Bieber, and DJ Khaled. Quavo appears with Bieber on Bieber’s 2020 hit “Intentions.”
“Tough” isn’t Del Rey’s first time dabbling in Americana. She collaborated with Nikki Lane on “Breaking Up Slowly,” from Chemtrails over the Country Club. However, American themes have been a part of Del Rey’s music for years, most notably on her sixth studio album Norman F—ing Rockwell!
It’s also not Del Rey’s first time producing hip-hop. “National Anthem” from her 2012 album Born to Die features Del Rey talk-rapping over a hazy hip-hop beat. A$AP Rocky appears as Del Rey’s husband in the music video.
With the world’s biggest pop stars now performing songs with rural themes, it looks like the reverse of Taylor Swift’s career.
Meanwhile, Beyoncé made history with her country album Cowboy Carter. And Post Malone’s duet “I Had Some Help” featuring Morgan Wallen shot straight to No. 1 and where there’s success, the rest of the music industry will follow.
Purists may not like it, but it’s not too different from country songs by The Rolling Stones (“Wild Horses”) or The Beatles (“Baby’s in Black”).
When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission.
Photo courtesy of Facebook
Only members can comment. Become a member. Already a member? Log in.
Cover Songs Merle Haggard Liked the Most (And the Type of Country He Couldn’t Stand)
Inside the Freak Folk Movement That Time Forgot
Kacey Musgraves Returns to the Old “Lost Highway” With Her Grandparents in Tow

			© 2025 American Songwriter			American Songwriter: a Savage Ventures Brand