“Tyler [is] maybe too young to remember all this, but I’ll always remind him to dream big and shoot for the stars!!” His mom, Bea Fabregas, wrote on Instagram.
Emlyn Travis is a news writer at Entertainment Weekly with over five years of experience covering the latest in entertainment. A proud Kingston University alum, Emlyn has written about music, fandom, film, television, and awards for multiple outlets including MTV News, Teen Vogue, Bustle, BuzzFeed, Paper Magazine, Dazed, and NME. She joined EW in August 2022.
 Beyoncé is sending a little bit of love to her newest pal. 

 The “Texas Hold ‘Em” singer surprised an adorable 2-year-old named Tyler and his family with gifts after his mom, Bea Fabregas, posted a heartwarming TikTok of the toddler calling Beyoncé his friend went viral online.

 In the clip, the mom-and-son duo can be seen enjoying a pizza date together when Tyler asks where Beyoncé is and if he can visit her. When his mom attempts to clarify that she doesn’t actually know Beyoncé personally, he adorably affirms that he knows her and would like to meet her. 

Kevin Mazur/WireImage
 As it turns out, Beyoncé and her team saw the TikTok and reached out to make sure that her newest buddy received an extra special present. On Wednesday, Fabregas posted a collection of photos on her Instagram account that featured Tyler smiling while sitting next to a bouquet of blue flowers and a blue unicorn stuffed animal. 

 “For the record @beyonce and Tyler are now actually, officially friends!” she captioned the post. “Through the power of Queen B’s internet (millions of views and likes it’s crazy!) she saw the video and sent over some of her favorite blue flowers, a new animal best friend for Tyler and the sweetest message that our family will now always treasure."

 She added, "In her note (which she started out with ‘To my friend Tyler’), [Beyoncé] said, ‘I see your halo, Tyler.’”

 In addition to the snapshots, Fabregas also posted a screen-recorded video of a conversation that she had with Beyoncé’s publicist, Yvette Noel-Schure, over Instagram's Direct Messenger. In her messages, Noel-Schure noted that Beyoncé “would love to send something” to Tyler and that she “loved the video.”

 Fabregas continued, “Thank you so much for thinking of our little family @yvettenoelschure @beyonce. I mean with the amount of mentions and videos Beyonce gets everyday, it still blows our mind to know time was set aside to send this sweet gift over. My mama heart.”

 She concluded her post by thanking everyone who liked, commented, and shared the video online. “Tyler [is] maybe too young to remember all this, but i’ll always remind him to dream big and shoot for the stars!!” She wrote. “BEYONCE SENT MY BABY FLOWERS!!!!”

 Sign up for Entertainment Weekly's free daily newsletter to get breaking TV news, exclusive first looks, recaps, reviews, interviews with your favorite stars, and more.

 Related content:

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)