Share
FOX 26 Reporter Jonathan Mejia has more on the campaign stops by former President Donald Trump and Vice President Kamala Harris.
HOUSTON - Vice President Kamala Harris held a campaign rally in Houston at Shell Energy Stadium on Friday, along with an appearance from Houston's own, Beyoncé.
US Vice President Kamala Harris, left, greets singer Beyonce Knowles-Carter, right, and musician Kelly Roland, center, during a campaign event at Shell Energy Stadium in Houston, Texas, US, on Friday, Oct. 25, 2024. Donald Trump and Kamala Harris are  
Harris took the stage just after 9 p.m. on Friday night. You can watch the full speech from Vice President Kamala Harris below. 
Vice President Kamala Harris spoke to rallygoers inside Houston's Shell Energy Stadium on Friday night ahead of Election Day.
Harris' rally comes after a Thursday rally in Atlanta as part of the "When We Vote We Win" concert series, which aims to boost voter enthusiasm and encourage early voting among Georgians.
SUGGESTED: Rally in support of Donald Trump held at Mattress Mack's Gallery Furniture in Houston
Beyoncé's mother, Tina Knowles, and country musician Willie Nelson also appeared during the rally. Beyoncé's 2016 track "Freedom" serves as the Harris campaign’s anthem.
With just 10 days before Election Day, Harris is visiting the historically Republican state of Texas to focus more on her reproductive care policies.
Both presidential candidates will be in Texas on Friday. Vice President Kamala Harris will hold a rally in Houston, while Former President Donald Trump will record an episode of Joe Rogan's podcast in Austin.
Congressman Colin Allred also spoke to rallygoers as he is running for US Senate against Republican Senator Ted Cruz in Texas.
Get news, weather and so much more on the new FOX LOCAL app
Voters can head to the polls now through Nov. 1 to cast their ballots early. Election Day is Nov. 5.
All the news you need to know, every day
By clicking Sign Up, I confirmthat I have read and agreeto the Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX Television Stations