Wilson received the award for best country album at the 2024 Grammys
Lionel Hahn/Getty;Mason Poole/Parkwood Media/Getty
 Lainey Wilson has nothing but love for Beyoncé.

 Wilson opened up to Extra on the People's Choice Awards red carpet Sunday about why the singer's crossover into country music is something to be excited about.

 "I love it," said Wilson. "The more the merrier. I'm like, again, it's about that storytelling. It's just about making people feel at home… and everybody wants to feel at home."

 When asked how she felt about the way some country music stations have refused to play Beyoncé's new country songs "Texas Hold' Em" and "16 Carriages," Wilson continued praising the singer.

 "Hey, you know what? Everybody is going have something to say about everything. I bet you wouldn't say it to her face," she said. "I love Beyoncé."

 The "Heart Like a Truck" singer has become a bigger voice in country music thanks to the success of her 2022 album Bell Bottom Country, which earned her the 2024 Grammy for best country album. Wilson reflected on how her upbringing helped her get to where she is now while accepting the award.

 "I am from a farming community in northeast Louisiana, a little town of 200 people, and I'm a fifth-generation farmer's daughter, and I would consider myself a farmer too. And everybody that I surround myself with, I think they're farmers too, but they're story farmers," she said.

Kevin Winter/Getty
 "And it's about getting up every single day and planting those seeds and watering them and watching them grow," continued Wilson. "And sometimes when you find the right farming community, you can have a harvest of a lifetime, and I truly believe that and I think that's exactly what this is tonight." Reaching a coveted point in her career has been a "whirlwind" for Wilson.

 "It's been a whirlwind, and that's the best way I can explain it, trying to keep one foot on the ground," she told PEOPLE's Janine Rubenstein on the Grammy's red carpet. Wilson will continue showcasing her music on the Country's Cool Again Tour, starting in Nashville on May 31.

Nina Westervelt/WWD via Getty
 Never miss a story — sign up for PEOPLE's free daily newsletter to stay up-to-date on the best of what PEOPLE has to offer, from celebrity news to compelling human interest stories.

 While not much is known about Beyoncé's new country music album, fans can expect the project to drop on March 29.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)