A gift-worthy roundup of trendy, stylish and cult-favorite bags inspired by Ariana Grande, Beyoncé, Taylor Swift and more music artists.

													By
												

	Latifah Muhammad


	All products and services featured are independently chosen by editors. However, Billboard may receive a commission on orders placed through its retail links, and the retailer may receive certain auditable data for accounting purposes.

	‘Tis the season to buy a new bag. From clutch to crossbody, hobo, satchel, tote and quilted carryalls, securing the perfect bag can transform your outfit and simultaneously put you in a better mood and with the holidays right around the corner, it’s a good time to start formulating your list (and checking it twice). 






	
	
		
					Explore		
	





		Explore	

















	
		
					Billboard		
					


See latest videos, charts and news



See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	If you’re a looking for a new bag and need some style inspiration, we put together a list of gift-worthy list of bags beloved by Ariana Grande, Beyoncé, Taylor Swift and other recording stars with great style.  

	










			Trending on Billboard		








	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					This $18 Fridge Magnet Can Be Personalized With Your Favorite Song (And Actually Play It)		
	



	05/02/2025	







	Whether you’re shopping for a holiday gift or need a new bag for yourself, keep reading for a roundup of designer bags to shop for the holidays and beyond.

	We can thank the pop girlies for putting Aupen in the spotlight. Beyoncé, Lady Gaga and Selena Gomez  have been spotted wearing Aupen but the brand shot to fame last year after Swift was photographed carrying the now viral Nirvana bag on date night with her boyfriend Travis Kelce.

	Olivia Rodrigo wore an unreleased Nirvana Croc Buckle Bag from theLVMH Métiers d’Art collaboration last month and Charli XCX wore a Nirvana bag while leaving Bowery Hotel in New York City on Tuesday (Nov. 12).

	The Nirvana is a versatile, “minimalist” bag made from calfskin leather that can carry on your shoulder or tuck under your arm. The asymmetrical bag features a gold buckle closure, interior pocket and braided handle (the bag measures 10.3 x 4.5 x 2.7 inches in depth).

	In the land of luxury bags, Coach needs its own area code. GloRilla, Cardi B, Jennifer Lopez, Kelsie Ballerini, Normani, Coco Jones, Swift, Dove Cameron and a bunch of other celebs are fans of Coach bags and clothing.  

	What the best Coach bag? Too many to name but the Tabby bag lands high on the list. The beloved bag is available in smooth leather and quieted leather — in a variety of sizes and colors including classic black, merlot, maple and dark stone.

	Need a bigger Coach bag? The Brooklyn Shoulder Bag has a slouchy, hobo design with the same Coach quality.

	Made from natural grain leather, the trendy bag comes in three sizes — the smallest being the Brooklyn Shoulder Bag 23, which measures just 7.25 inches. Bag 28 is a medium-sized bag and Bag 39 is the larger among the three at 17 inches (big enough to fit a 15-inch laptop). Model Bella Hadid was seen wearing the Brooklyn Shoulder Bag in July. The bag features a magnetic closure with an interior snap pocket to store smaller essentials.

	










	Bottega Venetta’s Mini Jodie Leather Hobo Bag need its own fan club. The woven design became extremely popular over the last couple years, but it’s also one of the more moderately priced bags from Bottega.

	The Mini Jodie is available nearly a dozen colors including black, white, caramel, almond and two shades of green. If you’re looking for cheaper alternatives, consider Anthropologie’s The Brigitte Satchel ($180) or Quince’s Handwoven Shoulder Bag ($129).

	Bottega has a range of small, medium, large and gigantic bags beloved by the likes of Rihanna and A$AP Rocky. Over Halloween, Rihanna stepped out in a Savage x Fenty leopard print onesie paired with a huge Bottega Veneta Women’s Maxi Luaren 1980 Bag while A$AP Rocky showed off a huge, pink Bottega Venetta Duffle during his birthday last year and in September, the Harlem rapper debuted a snakeskin Mini Bottega Sardine Bag at Milan Fashion week.

	Raincoats, scarves, bucket hats and boots. Certain things come to mind when you think of Burberry’s checkered print. Burrberry’s Check bowling bag captures the brand’s sophisticated designs in the form of a purse – and its pop star-approved. Grande was seen carrying a Burrberry Check bag (while wearing Burberry heels, of course) in early November.

	Constructed from faux leather with calf leather trim and a fabric interior, the Check bowling bag features a leathery padlock and gold key, zipper closure, removeable strap and measures   7.3 x 4.3 x 4.7 inches, making it roomy enough to store your wallet, keys, lip gloss, cell phone and other daily essentials.

	Saddle up! We’re traveling back to the Y2K. The Saddle Bag, designed by John Galiano, debuted on Dior’s Spring/Summer 2000 runway. 

	










	Beyoncé, Kim Kardashian, Paris Hilton were some of the stars spotted with Dior back then and after more than 24 years, the Saddle Bag has become an iconic accessory for fashion lovers like Swift who sported a Dior Saddle Bag more than once (most recently during a date night with Kelce).

	From the runway to the silver screen, Gucci has a long been affiliated with the stars. The brand has collaborated with Miley Cyrus, Billie Eilish and Bad Bunny among others and after more than 80 years after the first Gucci store opened its doors, the luxury brand has transcended fashion and become one with the music mainstream.

	When it comes to bag, Gucci has a lot of them.  And they’re pricey – anywhere from below $1,000 to well over $4,000. The Ophidia Mini falls on the cheaper end of the price list at $800 and it’s a cute gift option.

	From the Super Bowl to the Met Gala, Loewe is becoming a favorite among some of music’s biggest names: Rihanna, Kendrick Lamar and Janet Jackson to name a few.

	In the bag department, Loewe offers a visually alluring selection of designs such as the Squeeze Bag,  which Hilary Duff was spotted carrying in New York City, the Puzzle bag, Puzzle tote, Flamenco bag and Pebble bucket bag –- all available in mini, medium and large. 

	A luxury bag with a price tag to match. After partnering with several recording artists over the years, Louis Vuitton finally hired one: Pharrell Williams was named men’s creative director in 2023. 

	The fashion house has collaborated with artists such as Rihanna, J-Hope and Tyler, the Creator, and dressed plenty of stars including Beyoncé, Swift, Gomez, Shawn Mendez and Usher.

	










	With so many bags on the roster, it’s tough to narrow down the best Louis Vuitton bag, but if you’re interested in a satchel-style, everyday bag turn to the Louis Vuitton Mettis Pochette. The 9.8-inch bag has a top handle, adjustable strap, three internal compartments and an S-lock closure.

	For those feeling fashionable retro, the Louis Vuitton Stephen Sprouse Alma Bag is back in style. BLACKPINK’s LISA rocked a Stephen Sprouse bowling bag earlier this year and we’re still thinking about  Rihanna’s tiny Louis Vuitton Nano Speedy Monogram Bag.

	K-pop lovers might be familiar with Osoi. The Korean bag brand worn by Hyein of NewJeans carries a range of styles and textures — leather, suede and other materials.

	The Black Mini Tote from Osoi is a modern spin on the classic hobo, shoulder bag. Made from buffed leather, the leather bag features an adjustable sliding handle, two-zipper closures, an interior pocket and it’s lined with faux suede.  

	Prada girlies, unite! Lots of celebrities wear Prada — sunglasses, fragrances, clothing, footwear and of course, Prada bags. Prada’s Arqué seems to the latest celeb-loved bag from the brand.

	The moon-shaped, leather bag comes in black and white and it’s just a bit more expensive than the popular Re-Nylon Mini Bag. Offering a new spin on a vintage look, the Re-Edition 2000 Mini Bag ($1,250) is made of “Re-Nylon,” which comes from recycled, purified plastic trash collected in the ocean, fishing nets, and textile waste fibers” according to Prada. The Re-Edition mini shoulder bag features a zipper closure, woven tape handle and the Prada triangle logo centered in the front.

	Versace has worked with everyone from Madonna to Jungkook and continues to find new ways to connect with fans of different generations. 

	










	Earlier this month, Aepsa’s Ningning debuted in the Versace 2024 Holiday Campaign showcasing the new Kleio bag. The quilted, lambskin leather shoulder bag has an adjustable, double chain strap with gold hardware and it’s perfectly giftable for the holidays.

	As a brand ambassador for St. Laurent, BLACKPINK’s Rosé gets dibs on the hottest YSL bags that she can wear on the red carpet or while traveling the globe.

	YSL’s gorgeously-designed bags include the Voltaire Embellished Leather Tote ($3,000), the Quilted Leather Shoulder Bag ($1,700) and the YSL Bucket Bag ($2,100). The textured leather bag pictured above is more of a “night out” bag that you can wear to holiday parties and other formal events.

	For more musician-inspired gift ideas, see our list of K-Pop star-approved Lululemon gifts and 50 unique gifts for music lovers.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.