By 

	Daniel Kreps


Donald Trump has drawn the ire of yet another artist over his unauthorized use of music, this time angering Foo Fighters after Trump played that band’s “My Hero” at an Arizona rally Friday.

	At the campaign event, Trump revealed that independent candidate Robert F. Kennedy Jr. had both suspended his campaign and endorsed the Republican nominee. As Kennedy Jr. was then welcomed to the stage, Foo Fighters’ 1997 hit played over the speakers.
UNITE AMERICA.#RFKJr #trump pic.twitter.com/f5NXgxdRJs

	When asked on social media whether the band granted permission for the “My Hero” usage, Foo Fighters simply stated, “No.” They reiterated that the track’s usage was unauthorized in a follow-up tweet:
Let us be clear. pic.twitter.com/gexHWjPMYh

	A rep for the band confirmed to Billboard, “Foo Fighters were not asked permission, and if they were, they would not have granted it.” They added that the band would take “appropriate action” to prevent further “My Hero” usage, and that whatever royalties they earned from the Trump rally’s usage would instead be donated to the Kamala Harris and Tim Walz campaign.

	











	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	









	
	
		
					Walton Goggins Shuts Down Interview Over Aimee Lou Wood Questions		
	








	Trump’s latest music snafu comes just days after Beyoncé threatened a cease-and-desist against the Trump campaign after a 13-second video using her “Freedom” — also Harris’ unofficial campaign song — was posted on X by Trump spokesman Steven Cheung.

	Dating back to when he first announced his presidential candidacy nearly a decade ago, Trump has been notorious for using music at his campaign rallies without the artists’ permission, with the former president receiving pushback and legal threats from dozens of musicians over the unauthorized usage of their songs.
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.