Before stars like Zendaya, Jennifer Lopez, and Rihanna hit the red carpet, here's all the important info for tonight's event.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

The day of the Met Gala 2024, aka the red carpet Olympics for the fashionable and the famous, is here. For you, who'll likely be tuning in from the comfort of your couch in your favorite well-worn sweatpants, it's a welcome chance to play fashion critic for the evening.
Following last year's Met Gala red carpet dedicated to the late Karl Lagerfeld, this year's dress code is "The Garden of Time." The evening's red carpet theme ties into the Metropolitan Museum of Art's spring exhibit, "Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion," which opens to the public on May 10 and features relics from fashion history, including archival pieces from Schiaparelli, Dior, and Saint Laurent.
You likely still have more burning questions about this year's Met Gala: Is Beyoncé attending? On the fashion front, what can you expect to see on the red carpet? Who will top Jared Leto's Choupette cat costume from last year? And how can you tune in to see the action?
Anne Hathaway, Jared Leto, and Salma Hayek on the 2023 Met Gala red carpet.
Ahead, Marie Claire breaks down everything you need to know before this year's ball. Keep scrolling for details on which celebrities are attending, the origin of this year's theme, and a few Met Gala 2024 fashion predictions.
The Met Gala 2024 will be held on May 6, 2024, at New York City's Metropolitan Museum of Art. The red carpet is slated for 6:00 p.m. EST, but you might see eager attendees arriving as early as 5:O0 p.m. EST.
There are several different options for watching the 2024 Met Gala. Starting as early as 5:00 p.m. EST, you can watch the night's red carpet by streaming the event live on Vogue.com and across its social media platforms, including Instagram, Twitter, and Facebook. If you prefer to watch the red carpet arrivals on TV, you can tune into Live From E! on the E! network.
Dua Lipa, a host of last year's event, on the 2023 Met Gala red carpet.
The Met Gala 2024 correlates with the Costume Institute's upcoming spring exhibition, "Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion," which opens to the public on May 10 and lasts until September 2, 2024. The showing will include approximately 250 garments and accessories spanning over four centuries, including archival items by Schiaparelli, Dior, Givenchy, and Saint Laurent.
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.
The collection, displayed in the center of the venue, will hold 15 historically significant and rare garments that are far too delicate ever to be worn again—including a 17th-century Elizabethan bodice and a silk satin dress by the couturier Charles Frederick Worth dating back to 1887. These unique items are the "sleeping beauties" for which the exhibit is named after.
Sponsored by TikTok and Loewe, the exhibition will also include immersive sensory activations that play with scents, sounds, textures, and motions. Guests will smell the fragrance of flowers that once adorned headwear, feel the intricate, hand-stitched embroidery of garments, and experience theatrical illusions that take them back in time. In a press statement, Andrew Bolton, Curator in Charge of The Costume Institute, said the exhibit aims to "reconnect with the works on display as they were originally intended—with vibrancy, with dynamism, and ultimately with life."
A ballgown from the Costume Institute's permanent collection that will be on display in the exhibition.
The Met Gala 2024 dress code is "The Garden of Time," honoring the exhibit's homage to historical fashion. The concept is derived from the title of a 1962 short story by J.G. Ballard, a romantic yet dystopian tale with symbolism relating to fleeting beauty and the uncontrollable passage of time.
On the fashion front, this year's Met Gala dress code lends itself to a literal interpretation of botanical concepts. Watch out for 3-D rosettes, garden-fresh prints, and flora and fauna motifs. Alternatively, looks that explore the concept of time are expected to be popular on this year's red carpet, either abstractly or via quirky on-the-nose interpretations, like clock graphics and watches.
Sarah Burton for Alexander McQueen’s monarch butterfly dress will make an appearance in the 2024 exhibition.
Zendaya, Jennifer Lopez, Bad Bunny, and Chris Hemsworth are the co-chairs of the 2024 Met Gala. Jonathan Anderson, Creative Director of Loewe, and Shou Chew, Chief Executive Officer of TikTok, will also serve as honorary chairs.
Zendaya wore a campy, Cinderella-inspired light-up gown designed by Tommy Hilfiger for the 2019 Met Gala.
Praise the fashion gods: Rihanna will be there! The singer recently confirmed she'll be on the museum's steps and hinted that her 2024 Met Gala outfit will be more simplistic than previous ensembles.
Aside from RiRi, the complete guest list remains a mystery, but previous galas can predict who will attend this year's event. You can safely wager that heavy-hitting showstoppers like Beyoncé, Blake Lively, the Kardashians, and the Jenners, who have worn some of the best Met Gala gowns of all time, will be in attendance. 
Several fashion designers will likely walk the red carpet alongside their celebrity guests, too. At the Met Ball 2019, Brandon Maxwell famously assisted Lady Gaga during her iconic fashion night with a four-outfit change.
Rihanna at the 2023 Met Gala, which celebrated "Karl Lagerfeld: A Line Of Beauty," in a sweeping Valentino gown and floral rosette shawl.
Bad news for Swifties awaiting a 'Swelce' red carpet reveal: Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce will not attend the 2024 Met Gala. A source told Us Weekly that The Tortured Poets Department singer and footballer declined due to scheduling conflicts. Swift, who hasn't attended the event since she co-chaired in 2016, is scheduled to be in Paris for the "Eras Tour" three days after this year's gala.
Taylor Swift at the 2016 Met Gala in silver scaled mini dress designed by Louis Vuitton for the event's "Manus x Machina: Fashion in an Age of Technology" theme.
Game of Thrones actress Gwendoline Christie, television personality and actress La La Anthony, and model Ashley Graham will host Vogue’s Met Gala red carpet live stream. Following her viral gig as the publication's special red carpet correspondent, Emma Chamberlain will also return to interview gala attendees.
Red carpet extravagance aside, the Met Gala is a black-tie benefit that fundraises for the Metropolitan Museum of Art's Costume Institute—a.k.a. the Anna Wintour Costume Center in honor of Vogue's editor-in-chief, who has been a co-chair of the gala since 1995. Tickets cost upwards of $30,000 a head, with tables ranging from $200,000 to $300,000. The extravagant evening attracts a prestigious guest list, from A-plus-plus-listers and fashion industry insiders to star athletes and award-winning actors.
Emma is the fashion features editor at Marie Claire, where she explores the intersection of style and human interest storytelling. She covers viral styling hacks and zeitgeist-y trends—like TikTok's "Olsen Tuck" and Substack's "Shirt Sandwiches"—and has written hundreds of runway-researched trend reports about the ready-to-wear silhouettes, shoes, bags, colors, and coats to shop for each season. Above all, Emma enjoys connecting with real people to yap about fashion, from picking an indie designer's brain to speaking with athlete stylists, entertainers, artists, politicians, chefs, and C-suite executives about finding a personal style as you age or reconnecting with your clothes postpartum. 
Emma previously wrote for The Zoe Report, Editorialist, Elite Daily, Bustle, and Mission Magazine. She studied Fashion Studies and New Media at Fordham University Lincoln Center and launched her own magazine, Childs Play Magazine, in 2015 as a creative pastime. When Emma isn't waxing poetic about niche fashion discourse on the internet, you'll find her stalking eBay for designer vintage, reading literary fiction on her Kindle, doing hot yoga, and "psspsspssp-ing" at bodega cats.

'Twilight,' Shania Twain, and beyond...


A royal historian and former royal butler weigh in.


You'll want to wear this retro style all season long.


The dress's previous owner has a lot to do with the first Monday in May...


Law Roach spilled whether his client would attend in a recent interview.


She referenced Gwyneth Paltrow’s '90s-era style with an archival Prada print once worn by the star.


From thoughtful color choices to blink-and-you-miss-it details.


Jaws dropped at her Chanel couture.


The actress surprised in a sweet Dior gown and a 115-year-old Tiffany necklace.


The star’s custom Christian Siriano dress can show you your reflection.


The backward necklace is the cherry on top.


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.