To read this article, you must have a Bravo subscription.
The Vanderpump Rules mom has given birth to her second daughter and revealing why she is so happy about her birthdate.
Lala Kent has officially given birth to her second daughter! The Vanderpump Rules cast member took to her Instagram Story on Wednesday, September 4, where she revealed that her daughter had been born on Tuesday, September 3. The same day that Lala announced the birth of her daughter — who joins Lala's 3-year-old daughter from a previous relationship, Ocean Kent Emmett — she released an episode of her podcast, Give Them Lala. In the podcast, recorded before the birth of the baby, Lala revealed why she was so excited to give welcome her baby in September. This month also happens to be her own birth month.
Watch Vanderpump Rules on Peacock and Bravo.  
"I would like a September baby," she said on the podcast. "I would like a Virgo baby. I just feel like we would be good together."
Lala, whose birth name is Lauryn Elyse Burningham, was born on September 2. This also makes Lala, who was born one day before her daughter, a Virgo.
Virgos are known for being self-sufficient, ambitious, and strong, which can sometimes be Lala's downfall, especially since she said that "life doesn't care" what she has planned. "I'm a Virgo, so that really messes with me," she said at one point. "I'm working on being softer."
During an episode of the Vanderpump Rules After Show, Lala opened up about her due date with baby number two. "We're bumping and expecting a baby in September," she said.
"My due date is September 1, which is wild because I'm September 2."
Lala Kent Gives Birth to Baby Number 2: "Welcome Into the World"
Lala Kent Provides a New Look at Her Incredible Backyard Pool
Lala Kent Is Already Considering Another Pregnancy: "Yes, Give Me a Third"
Lala does have plans to eventually share her daughter's name, which begins with the letter "S." But, she revealed on the podcast that she wouldn't be sharing her daughter's name on September 4 for a very specific reason.
"Today is Beyoncé's birthday, it's her day," she said. "I need to make sure that we can't announce today...No one's gonna give a s—t. It's Beyoncé's birthday."
"I'm going to wait....Baby S deserves her moment," Lala continued. 
So, curious fans can expect to become acquainted with baby number two's name very soon. Just, give Lala some time to find the perfect moment.
Lala gave birth to Ocean on March 15, 2021, who, as a Pisces, already has such a strong yet little personality. Lala predicted how her girls will get along, noting on the podcast that she and her BFF have the same sun signs as her daughters. "We are such a good balance with each other, like, the perfect balance," she said.
Lala Kent posts an image of herself and her daughter, Ocean Emmett, at the beach together.
Thus, she believes that this will play out with the dynamic of her daughters. "Ocean is very, like, she is here for a good time," she explained. "Baby S is giving me money making moves in the womb. She's a go-er, a wheeler, a dealer, you can just tell she is all over the place. And I can just tell she has that type of mentality."
"So I have one kid who is like 'I want to live in a box and do artistic dancing and paint' and then I'm gonna have another one who is like, 'Ocean, you need to get a job and pay these bills.' Like, I just see that happening," Lala concluded.
Until then, she's just celebrating her new baby's arrival. "Welcome to the world, my love," she wrote over a black background on her Instagram Story on Sept. 4 to announce the baby's birth. The Instagram also captured her daughter's first cries the moment she was born.
Bravoholics are invited to take a trip to Miami for a party unlike any other! Bravo Fan Fest hits Miami on Saturday, November 23 for a one-day event featuring panels, activations, photo opps, and over 25 Bravolebs. Tickets are now on sale at www.BravoFanFest.com.
Plus, Watch What Happens Live with Andy Cohen is filming five shows from Miami on Thursday, November 21 and Friday, November 22, so now's your chance to make your Clubhouse debut. Buy tickets for WWHL in Miami now.
Xfinity is raising the bar. Stream your favorite shows with low lag for a smooth connection, even when everyone is online at once. You can even power hundreds of devices, so you never have to miss a moment.
Get news and updates about your favorite shows, plus 3 free credits to watch locked content.
Peacock is the streaming home of your favorite Bravo shows plus so much more.