Beyoncé has shared how she gets her hair looking so impressive every day. It turns out that she doesn't wear wigs or hair extensions and her luscious locks look so good simply because of her haircare routine. 
Sharing an intimate video of her hair wash routine to her Instagram account, Beyoncé explained how she typically goes about cleaning and tending to her hair. With help from her glam squad, the video shows the ‘Texas Hold ‘Em’ singer getting her hair rinsed, dried and styled using some of her own products from her brand CÉCRED (pronounced ‘sacred’). 
Fans were shown how the singer’s natural hair transforms into bouncy curls. Beyoncé captioned the clip: “It has been such a special experience seeing all of your #cecredwashday rituals all over my timeline… I just had to join in with something I had in the archives.
“Being disruptive and challenging everything people feel should be the process has always been exciting to me. My hair and music seemed to do that a lot over the years…
“Maintaining 25 years of blonde on natural hair through all the experimenting I do has played a huge part in developing @cecred’s products. It’s the hardest to keep color-treated hair healthy and strong, but @cecred is here.
"All quality, with NO shortcuts. Congratulations to the entire CÉCRED team for contributing to developing award-winning products. Happy #cecredwashday! You are CÉCRED.”
The video shows the Grammy Award-winner using CÉCRED Fermented Rice & Rose Protein Ritual (£51). This is then followed by the Moisturizing Deep Conditioner (£38). 
"There's nothing in the world like the conditioner," she says. "I'm really proud of the quality." Fans then get a glimpse of Beyoncé's naturally curly hair, coloured a warm honey blonde colour. 
Laura Mulley, OK!’s Beauty editor, also tried this Protein Ritual, and was ‘super impressed’. "I'm not normally one for hair treatments, but this left my hair feeling incredible – soft, strong and light, without any greasiness or heaviness whatsoever."
Other products launched in CÉCRED’s collection include the Hydrating Shampoo (£30), Nourishing Hair Oil (£44), Moisture Sealing Lotion (£38),  and the Fermented Rice and Rose Bundle (£64).
If you’re looking for some slightly cheaper alternatives, Sephora’s best selling is the Olaplex Hair Perfector No.4 100ml, priced at just £22.25, down from £28. It has an average 4.38 out of five star rating from 7,476 reviews. 
One customer said: “I just started on my hair journey and I am already in love with the product. One thing I love about Olaplex is not only is a great for your hair but after you take the Quiz they give you a 2 wk schedule on when to use their products and exercise. I love it!”
Another wrote: “I purchased this product about a month ago and absolutely love it. What a wonderful change it has made to my poor frizzy and damaged hair.” A third commented: “Olaplex No. 3 is a miracle product. Makes my hair shiny, soft and very manageable. I just love it.”
However, not everyone was happy with the product, with one saying: “After using the product my thick hair began to break off and I have many bald spots on my scalp. I have never had this happen. It only began after using this product. Buyer beware.”
 Alternatively, Space NK’s best selling hair care product is the  Color Wow Dream Coat Supernatural Spray 50ml (£12.50) , also find top rated products such as the  JVN Hair Complete Instant Recovery Serum 25ml (£12) , as well as the  Olaplex No.4 Bond Maintenance Shampoo 100ml (£13)  and the  Olaplex No.5 Bond Maintenance Conditioner 100ml (£13). 
 Other options include the  The Ordinary Multi-Peptide Serum for Hair Density 60ml (£20.80 from Boots) ,  Kérastase Elixir Ultime Hair Oil, Long-lasting Radiance Treatment, For Dull Hair, With five precious Oils & Argan Oil, 30ml (£27.50 from Boots),  or the  Coco & Eve Like A Virgin Super Nourishing Coconut & Fig Hair Masque 212ml With Tangle Tamer (£33 from Boots).