By
Lauren Boisvert
Luke Bryan is looking to clear the air after he made comments about Beyoncé’s CMAs snub and media headlines allegedly took his words out or proportion. For Bryan, the headlines seemed like unnecessary click-bait in order to get views. 
Bryan recently wrapped his Mind of a Country Boy Tour in Iowa, and took to social media to thank fans for turning out. He also addressed the comments he made during an interview with Andy Cohen Live. According to Bryan, he sticks by his opinions, but called the recent headlines “ridiculous.”
“I am posting tonight based on the ridiculous nature of the headlines I have read the last couple days from an interview on the Andy Cohen show I did this week when I was promoting my album,” he wrote on Twitter. “I feel in my heart I could not let media create a false narrative. As I read thru the comments of some of you I just want to say that I encourage all of you to listen to the interview instead of reading click bait headlines.”
He continued, “You will hear my tone and intentions which were not negative. I respect Beyonce and I love how loyal her fans are. I spend a lot of time supporting other artists. I want everyone to win.”
[RELATED: “Nobody’s Mad About It”: Luke Bryan Talks Beyoncé’s Country Album, Weighs in on CMA Snub]
During the interview with Andy Cohen, Luke Bryan commented on the fact that Beyoncé’s Cowboy Carter was not nominated for any CMA awards, despite being billed as a country album. Fans were up in arms mostly because Post Malone was nominated, despite not being a long-time fixture in country music either. The snub brought up conversations about race and country music’s often exclusionary practices. 
However, Bryan noted that Beyoncé might have grabbed some nominations if she entrenched herself more in country music culture. “If you’re gonna make country albums, come into our world and be country with us a little bit,” he said. 
He clarified that “Beyoncé can do exactly what she wants to do. She’s probably the biggest star in music,” then added, “But come to an awards show and high five us. And have fun and get in the family, too.”
Featured Image by Jason Davis/Getty Images for ABA
Only members can comment. Become a member. Already a member? Log in.
Cover Songs Merle Haggard Liked the Most (And the Type of Country He Couldn’t Stand)
Inside the Freak Folk Movement That Time Forgot
Kacey Musgraves Returns to the Old “Lost Highway” With Her Grandparents in Tow

			© 2025 American Songwriter			American Songwriter: a Savage Ventures Brand