ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
MANCHESTER, TENNESSEE - JUNE 15: Hozier performs on What Stage during the 2019 Bonnaroo Arts And ... More Music Festival on June 15, 2019 in Manchester, Tennessee. (Photo by FilmMagic/FilmMagic for Bonnaroo Arts And Music Festival )
Hozier’s new single “Too Sweet” has become a shockingly successful hit all around the world. Several weeks into its tenure on the charts, the tune is still climbing, and this frame, the Irish rocker manages to replace one of the most famous musicians in the world on a very competitive tally.
“Too Sweet” climbs to No. 1 on the U.K. songs chart. The tune reaches the summit for the first time on the ranking of the most-consumed tracks in the nation.
Hozier collects his first No. 1 single in the U.K. this week as “Too Sweet” hits the top spot. Last week, the song sat down at No. 4, so it experiences quite the leap to the summit.
As “Too Sweet” climbs to No. 1, Hozier replaces Beyoncé in first place on the U.K. songs ranking. Last frame, Beyoncé ruled once again with her single “Texas Hold ‘Em,” which has spent five weeks atop the list. Now, that smash is down at No. 3.
Last week, “Texas Hold ‘Em” benefited from the release of Beyoncé’s new album Cowboy Carter. As that full-length debuted at No. 1 on its respective tally, several of the tunes featured on it either rose or debuted on the songs chart. All the attention aimed toward the complete collection helped the lead single return to the throne.
“Too Sweet” replaces “Take Me to Church” as Hozier’s highest-charting hit in the U.K. He broke out in a major way more than a decade ago with that religious-leaning cut, which became a global smash. That cut peaked at No. 2 in the U.K., as well as in the U.S.
Hozier released “Too Sweet” about a month ago on his new EP Unheard. That set features tunes he recorded for his recent album Unreal Unearth, which arrived last summer. Two other tracks from the four-song project, “Wildflower and Barley” with Allison Russell and “Empire Now” also debuted on the U.K. songs chart, though they only held on for a single frame.