'Yeehaw' fashion just went up a notch 
Right now is, quite obviously, Beyoncé's moment. The musician and entrepreneur has just released her eighth solo album, Cowboy Carter, and - in the process - unveiled a new sound rooted in country, blues, soul, and rock. 
As you know, each Beyoncé album campaign is accompanied by a distinct aesthetic - and Cowboy Carter is no different. Becoming the most streamed album in a single day in 2024 on Spotify, the album's release - and its build-up - have seen Beyoncé adopt a wholly different wardrobe than what we might expect from the forward-facing, perennial trendsetter.
Specifically, Beyoncé has adopted some of the style codes of the Wild West, opting for cowboy hats as a go-to accessory. However, of course, she's not just throwing it back - she's managed to make this style well and truly her own (and modernised it in the process). 
Her iteration of cowboy fashion has included coppery locks, as well as a futuristic spin on yeehaw chic - including a semi-nude look including a cowboy hat, cropped jacket and reflective breastplate as well as a stunning pair of red, white and blue assless chaps. 
And now, she's back at it! Specifically, Beyoncé turned up to an album signing in Tokyo and completely reinvented everything we knew about rodeo fashion. In photos shared to her Instagram, the musical icon and fashionista can be seen wearing a skintight, knee-length brown latex dress and matching opera gloves as well as a trench coat and a cowboy hat. 
The look was accessorised with a statement belt around her waist, strappy stiletto sandals and a pair of dangling earrings.
Yep, no-one is doing it like Queen Bey!
Megan Wallace (they/them) is Cosmopolitan UK’s Former Sex and Relationships Editor covering sexual pleasure, sex toys, LGBTQIA+ identity, dating and romance. They have covered sexuality and relationships for over five years and are the founder of the PULP zine, which publishes essays on culture and sex. In their spare time, they can be found exploring the London kink scene and planning dates on Feeld. 
The most revealing Met Gala naked dresses *ever*
Rosie Huntington-Whiteley is selling her wardrobe
Flo Pugh's sheer strapless gown = style switch-up
Sydney Sweeney's tiny ruffle nude corset dress =🔥
Blake Lively's corset gown = Old Hollywood glamour
Shopping Sydney Sweeney’s stripe bikini & trousers
Flo Pugh's black lace ballgown is *SO* see-through
A deep dive into Lola Young's style transformation
Shop Olivia Rodrigo's stunning Rixo dress
Maya serves sexy underboob in bikini beach snaps
Zendaya's naked dress has a huuuge thigh split
We found £35 lookalikes to the Hermes Oran sandals
Cosmopolitan, Part of the Hearst UK Fashion & Beauty Network
Cosmopolitan participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England 112955. All Rights Reserved.