Country music star Nathan Carter has admitted Beyoncé’s new album is not his “cup of tea”.
But the Wagon Wheel singer, who has made Northern Ireland his home, said he hopes the tracks on 'Cowboy Carter' will attract a new generation of fans to country music.
Nathan, 33, weighed in on the debate about Beyoncé crossing musical genres – as critics blasted her version of Dolly Parton classic Jolene.
 READ MORE: Country music superstar parts ways from manager after 14 years
 READ MORE: Country star Nathan Carter announces huge Belfast gig
He told CountryWide on RTÉ Radio 1: “It wouldn’t be my cup of tea, but I think whatever Beyoncé touches turns to gold and it can only be a good thing for the genre.
“It’s as far away removed from Philomena Begley or Billie Jo Spears as anything is, but it’s getting people talking about the genre, which is only a good thing.”
The Liverpool native, who lives in Co Fermanagh, also admitted he wasn’t too keen on Beyoncé's cover of Dolly Parton's 1973 classic 'Jolene' on her latest album 'Cowboy Carter.'
He said: “For me, Dolly’s version of Jolene, as she wrote it, is perfect in every way. I don’t know why you would change it to be honest. 
“I can understand why Dolly would be happy with Beyoncé doing whatever she wants to it, because it’s great business wise, and it’s drawing attention to Dolly’s back catalogue now as well.”
He added: “I don’t know if you can call it country at all. It’s more rap influenced and pop driven, but obviously there’s a banjo in the background!
“But you know, there’s that many styles of country music now. I’m sounding very old fashioned! It’s very hard to move with the times, but I do get it. And I think everybody to their own.
“I prefer Dolly and I prefer Willie Nelson and Johnny Cash to the newer crop of country singers that are out there at the minute, but that’s just me.”
 Click this link or scan the QR code to receive breaking news and top stories from Belfast Live. We also treat our community members to special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners. If you don’t like our community, you can check out any time you like. If you’re curious, you can read our Privacy Notice.
For all the latest news, visit the Belfast Live homepage here and sign up to our What's On newsletter.