Celebrity kids
Beyoncé's kids can handle the spotlight. As the Carter-Knowles family prepares for the release of "Mufasa," Beyoncé has been busy promoting the film. Joining her on premieres and interviews is none other than Blue Ivy, her eldest daughter, who's making her acting debut as Kiara, the daughter of Nala. For those who don't know, Nala was memorably played by Beyoncé in the live-action version of "The Lion King," presenting a full circle and emotional moment for the beloved singer. 
Blue Ivy was featured in a rare interview alongside her mother, discussing her excitement over having her first TV role. While chatting with "Good Morning America," her big moment was interrupted by her little sister, Rumi, who wanted a little attention. 
The seven-year-old girl appeared on camera, holding on to her mom, prompting a laugh from everyone in the room and a small push from Blue Ivy, who was also smiling. 
"Hello, Mommy," said Rumi.
"Somebody wants to join," said Beyoncé. 
Rumi was later seen holding onto the clapperboard, clearly thrilled at getting to use it in front of the camera. 
Beyoncé and Jay-Z share three kids: Blue Ivy, 12, and twins Rumi and Sir, 7. While Blue often accompanies her parents to various events, Sir and Rumi are rarely seen publicly, with their parents guarding their privacy. 
When discussing her work in the film, Blue Ivy seemed surprised by the opportunity and the fact that she was achieving one of her dreams.
"If I, like, told my younger self that I was in a movie, I'd never believe myself," she said. "It's just a really amazing experience, and I feel like everybody that's a part of this is so helpful and supportive."
“Well, you are, girl. You are," said Beyoncé, who was emotional over seeing her little girl grown up and acting for the first time.
“Seeing Blue as Kiara and hearing her voice come out of that character ... It was really hard to focus and do my job after that. I was like, ‘Wait, hold up guys. Y’all gotta give me a second. I have to digest that.’ I’m so proud of her," she said. 
© ¡HOLA! Reproduction of this article and its photographs in whole or in part is prohibited, even when citing their source.