By ASHLEIGH GRAY FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  19:37, 26 May 2024   |  Updated:  20:25, 26 May 2024   
 12
View  comments
Lady Gaga has officially announced that her seventh studio album is coming soon.
The 38-year-old pop star — who recently said she would like to collaborate with Beyonce again — shared the news at the end of her Chromatica Ball concert movie on HBO and Max.
At the end of the movie, a title card teased that her next music project will be out soon.
'LG7. Gaga returns,' flashed on the stage screen to complete the elaborate show.
It comes as the singer-songwriter has been teasing in recent weeks that new music is on the way.  
Lady Gaga has officially announced that her seventh studio album is coming soon
The 38-year-old pop star shared the news at the end of her Chromatica Ball concert movie on HBO and Max
On her birthday this past March, the songstress — born Stefani Germanotta — used her Instagram platform to share she had been 'writing some of my best music in as long as I can remember.'
She said, in part, 'I’ve been writing ❤️pop songs since I was a little girl. I can’t believe I still get to do what I love. 
'This year will be an important and meaningful year for us, I know. Music changes people lives i'm so honored I get to be a part of that in this life.'
And more recently she told ET, 'I have been working on my new music all the time and I truly live and breathe it. I just can’t wait to give it to the fans.'
When asked by the outlet if she would create another hit song with Beyonce in the future, she answered, 'Whenever Beyoncé calls, I'd like to pick up the phone.'
Gaga also noted that her upcoming record is a 'completely different project' than anything she's done in the past and said it is coming 'soon.'
'They hate when I say, "soon," but soon,' she said of when fans can expect her new tunes.
The star's last solo album was 2020's Chromatica, followed by a collaborative album, Love for Sale, with the late Tony Bennett in 2021.
Last week Gaga revealed she performed a run of shows after testing positive for COVID-19. 
At the end of the movie, a title card teased that her next music project will be out soon
'LG7. Gaga returns,' flashed on the stage screen to complete the elaborate Chromatica show
It comes as the singer-songwriter has been teasing in recent weeks that new music is on the way
Lady Gaga shared a promotional post for her concert special on Instagram early on Saturday
During a Q&A screening of her HBO concert special, she recalled hitting the stage after contracting the virus at the end of the pandemic.
'I did five shows with COVID. I shared it with everyone on my team,' she admitted to Variety. 
'And I said, 'I don't want anyone to feel uncomfortable at work, and you don't have to perform and you don't have to work that day,' she explained.
The House of Gucci star said she made the difficult choice because she 'didn't want to let all the fans down.' 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group