Fans got a behind-the-scenes look at their voice acting in Mufasa
To the world, Beyoncé is the pop star of the century—but, at home, she’s also a proud mom.
In a rare interview for Disney Studios with 12-year-old daughter Blue Ivy, Beyoncé takes us behind-the-scenes as the two provide their voice acting skills for Mufasa, the live-action prequel for The Lion King. Beyoncé reprises her role as lioness Nala, while Blue makes her feature film debut as Kiara, Nala and Simba’s daughter.
“We’re here today recording The Lion King,” Beyoncé says at the start of the video while sitting next to Blue.
“If I told my younger self that I was in a movie, I’d never believe myself,” Blue says. 
Beyoncé then tells her eldest child, “Well, you are, girl. You are.” The singer adds, “Seeing Blue as Kiara and hearing her voice come out of that character ... It was really hard to focus and do my job after that. I was like, ‘Wait, hold up guys. Y’all gotta give me a second. I have to digest that.’ I’m so proud of her.”
Of her personal experience of working on the film, Blue said, “It’s just a really amazing experience and I feel like everybody that’s a part of this is so helpful and supportive. The director, Barry [Jenkins], is a really sweet person and he tells me ways that I can improve in my lines. And he’s very supportive of me and tells me in the nicest way possible.”
She added, “I’m really happy for girls who look like me all around the world are able to watch this movie and hear and see themselves in it.”
Beyoncé continued to gush over Blue’s performance: “She did such a beautiful job and I can’t believe how natural she is. And I’m just proud of you. I’m so proud of you. And I can’t believe how big and grown-up you are. ... Nobody’s prouder than mommy.”
The video included glimpses of the mother-and-daughter duo at work together.
While the two are set up in separate recording booths, Blue can be heard saying, “Don’t stare at me, mother.” Beyoncé replies, “I can’t help it. You’re just too beautiful, girl. I’m gonna be right here closing my eyes.”
Another scene shows Beyoncé laughing while teary-eyed in her booth. “Give me a second because I’m still just—I can’t believe that’s my baby,” she says, wiping away a tear. “That’s so amazing.”
Beyoncé’s seven-year-old daughter, Rumi, also made a surprise cameo. (Beyoncé is also mom to Rumi’s twin, Sir.) She appeared on camera to give Beyoncé a hug, prompting Blue to call her by the nickname, “Rum Rum.” Beyoncé hugged Rumi back and said, “Somebody wants to join.”
Hailey's Miami Outfits All Had This in Common
Bella Hadid Poses in Poolside Lingerie and Curlers
Prince Harry Says He May Not Return to the U.K. 
George Clooney Played Softball In Central Park
Hunter Schafer Gives the Tracksuit a Playful Twist
Blake Lively Wears a “Wedding Gown” on Late Night 
Bella Hadid Glows in a Bubblegum-Pink Set
J.Lo’s Dress Shimmers Like a Starry Night Sky
Hailey Bieber’s Party Dress Is Made of Watches
Princess Charlotte's Birthday Portrait, by Kate
Kendall Jenner’s Halter Plunges to New Depths
Florence Pugh Steps Out in Five Different Looks
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.