By KEVIN KAYHART FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  06:05, 23 May 2024   |  Updated:  06:51, 23 May 2024   
 15
View  comments
Jane Seymour, 73, Tina Knowles, 70, and Caitlyn Jenner, 74, proved that 70 is the new 20 as they lead the star parade at a charity gala.
The Sugar Ray Leonard Foundation's 13th Annual Big Fighters, Big Cause Charity Boxing Night Presented by B. Riley Securities was held at The Beverly Hilton in Beverly Hills.
The host of the festivities and legendary boxer Sugar Ray Leonard looked in great form as he welcomed a bevvy of celebrities to his philanthropic gathering.
The evening, hosted by Russell Peters, featured a National Anthem performance by singer-songwriter Claire Khodara, action-packed live fights presented by Oscar De La Hoya's Golden Boy Promotions, and a live and silent auction display full of unique items such as memorabilia, according to Look To The Stars.
The legendary boxer, 68, has been at the forefront in the battle against pediatric type 1 & 2 diabetes, which he helps fund with this annual fundraising event.
Jane Seymour, 73, Tina Knowles, 70, and Caitlyn Jenner, 74, (seen left to right) proved that 70 is the new 20 as they lead the star parade at a charity gala
Host of the charity event, legendary boxer Sugar Ray Leonard did the classic boxing pose
Often regarded as one of the greatest boxers of all time, Leonard stepped out to his foundation's event in black pants, a matching shirt that he left open to reveal a white t-shirt underneath, and black sneakers. 
At one point while getting playful with photographers on the red carpet, the champion who won titles in five weight classes during his illustrious career, dropped into the classic boxing position with his fists out front of him.
He would also snuggle up with many of his famous guests for a photo or two.
Seymour, 73, made a point to lend her support to the cause by showing up to the Big Cause Charity Boxing Night decked out in a black dress that came down to her calves with matching heels.
During certain times Seymour also posed with a matching black blazer over her striking number. 
The British-born actress (born Joyce Penelope Wilhelmina Frankenberg) had her light brown locks styled long, straight and flowing over her chest and down past the middle of her back with bangs and a slight part on the right.
In keeping with the host of the show, Seymour stuck out her right hand, as if to replicate the classic boxing pose, while posing for the cameras along the red carpet.
After posing solo for the cameras, Leonard made a point of snuggling up to many of his VIP guests such as Caitlyn Jenner, Michael Buffer, Claire Khodara, and Tina Knowles-Lawson, who's the mother of pop superstar Beyoncé (born Beyonce Giselle Knowles).
Jane Seymour, 73, was among the stars to lend their support to the SRL foundation
The British-born actress wore a blazer with her dress in certain photos
The Wedding pLanner star had her light brown locks styled long and flowing
The Uxbridge, Middlesex, England native flashed a big beaming smile for the cameras
The host also spend some time chatting and posing with R&B songwriter and producer Jimmy Jam and his wife Lisa Padilla. 
The foundation was established in 2009 by boxing legend and six-time world champion and his wife, Bernadette. 
The organization is committed to funding research and care for pediatric type 1 & 2 diabetes and creating awareness for both diseases. We also strive to help children live healthier lives through diet and exercise, according to the non-profit's official website.
Leonard was inspired to help create an organization after watching his own father and friends struggle with the many complications of diabetes and how it had affected every aspect of their lives.
The host poses with many of his VIP guests, which included Tina Knowles-Lawson
The mother of pop superstar Beyoncé, 70, opted to wear an elegant black, long-sleeve dress with silver ornaments along the sleeves
The boxing legendary caught up with old friend and fellow sports champion Caitlyn Jenner
Jenner, 74, went with a black pencil skirt with a long jacket over a white top with heels
Legendary songwriter and producer Jimmy Jam and his wife Lisa Padilla also showed their support to Leonard and his wife Bernadette Leonard
Jimmy Jam, 64, looked cool and stylish in all-black next to the six-weight boxing champion
Claire Khodara looked lovely in a black suit, bustier and blingy heels
Proceeds from the Big Fighters, Big Cause Charity Boxing Night benefit the Sugar Ray Leonard Foundation’s mission to fund life-changing research, care and awareness for pediatric Type 1 and 2 diabetes, and to help children live healthier lives through diet and exercise
Legendary ring announcer Michael Buffer, 79, looked handsome in a black suit with white pinstripes and black dress shoes
Mario Lopez was there with wife Courtney Laine Mazza
Although type 1 diabetes usually appears during childhood or adolescence, it can develop in adults, the Mayo Clinic reports. It comes on suddenly, causes dependence on injected or pumped insulin for life, and carries the constant threat of devastating complications. 
Type 2 diabetes in children is on the rise, fueled largely by the obesity epidemic.
Leonard draws from his personal experience and boxing career to provide inspiration for funding research to combat the disease. 
Proceeds from the Big Fighters, Big Cause Charity Boxing Night benefit the Sugar Ray Leonard Foundation’s mission to fund life-changing research, care and awareness for pediatric Type 1 and 2 diabetes, and to help children live healthier lives through diet and exercise. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have been moderated in advance.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group