The two-year-old moves were originally created to Muddy Water's "I Just Want To Make Love To You."

							By 

	Amber Corrine

Staff Writer, News

Beyoncé never ceases to amaze her fans with how much she has her ears and eyes to the streets. 

	On Tuesday night (May 7), “Country Carter” dropped a montage of photos showing her donning patriotic garb, secretly celebrating Chlöe Bailey’s Coachella performance and surprisingly hitting Drea Kelly‘s viral TikTok moves to her popular track, “II Hands II Heaven.”

	The #BeyHive absolutely loved every moment of it as Kelly’s dance currently has thousands of reposts and remakes online. 

	“NOT YOU DOING THE DANCEEELMAOOOOOOOOOOOOO,” one fan commented under Bey’s post as another said, “It’s definitely going in the concert choreo.” A third person wrote, “She did it!!!!!! Yessssssssss @officialdreakelly this is your time girl!!!!! We love you Bey & Drea.”
A post shared by Beyoncé (@beyonce)

	Following all of the love and support received off her two-year-old moves, the choreographer — who’s also the ex-wife of R.Kelly — spoke on her viral clip making waves.

	










	“I was like, ‘hold on now, Beyoncé’s internet is on to something.’ And it has taken a life of its own,” Kelly told USA Today. “I do burlesque. So that original choreography is to Muddy Waters, ‘I Just Want to Make Love to You’ and somebody put Beyoncé’s music on it. And the next thing I know… they put her music over one of my classes, they put her music over one of my videos.”

	She added, “And in Chicago, there’s a dance called the Percolator. So this move that everybody sees me doing is actually an old school, house-music dance, and it fits perfectly.”

	See Kelly’s remixed dance below. 

	Fans have been speculating that a tour is on the horizon as Bey has been hinting at her follow up to the high-grossing Renaissance trek with cryptic posts and antics. 

	Last month, the historic Grammy winner unveiled “Been Country,” a website where she posted her in her patriotic get-up, a photo of a young Celestine Beyince (Tina Knowles), a picture of a young Bey performing at the Texas Sweetheart Pageant, a banjo, and the following quote: “This ain’t a country album. This is a ‘Beyoncé’ album.”

	Since then, Bey has added a photo of a sold-out Houston Mrs. Carter World Tour concert ticket, a vintage image of country legend Chuck Berry, and a photo of Destiny’s Child performing in all-white rodeo costumes.

	Take a look at Beyoncé hitting her best Drea Kelly moves above and keep a look out for any news of a Country Carter tour. 

	









Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.