"She turned everyone around her into a believer with her determination, work ethic, stage presence and talent," he wrote.

													By
												

	Rania Aniftos


Billboard officially named Beyoncé its Greatest Pop Star of the 21st Century, and no one is more proud of her than — of course — her dad. 

	Mathew Knowles took to X (formerly Twitter) on Tuesday (Dec. 3) to share the graphic of the accomplishment, alongside a sweet note reflecting on his daughter’s success. “Beyoncé was shy growing up. But, as soon as she started singing, it was like a different person emerged and we knew from a very young age that she was destined to pursue her passion in music,” he began. “She turned everyone around her into a believer with her determination, work ethic, stage presence and talent.”

	He then addressed Bey directly, writing, “Beyoncé, I am so proud of you. This is another one of your many major distinctions, yet I sit here not surprised because I knew you were meant for greatness from the moment I held you in my arms for the first time!”

	










	Knowles concluded, “Congratulations on being named Billboard’s #1 artist of the 21st century, and using your voice to inspire millions of people around the world.”




			Trending on Billboard		






	See Mathew’s note below, and check out who made Billboard‘s Greatest Pop Stars list here, as well as out staff’s list of Beyoncé’s 100 Greatest Pop Star Moments, and our recently rebuilt list of the Greatest Pop Star by Year from 1981 to 2023.
Beyoncé was shy growing up. But, as soon as she started singing, it was like a different person emerged and we knew from a very young age that she was destined to pursue her passion in music. She turned everyone around her into a believer with her determination, work ethic,… pic.twitter.com/mR79KAil0H
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.