By MARTA JARY FOR DAILY MAIL AUSTRALIA 
 Published:  14:12, 30 April 2024   |  Updated:  14:38, 30 April 2024   
 15
View  comments
Iggy Azalea threw an elaborate birthday party for her young son over the weekend. 
The Australian rapper shared a series of images and videos to Instagram from the party ringing in little Onyx's fourth birthday. 
In the photos, the tot could be seen enjoying a cake themed after popular children's cartoon character, Bluey. 
Other images pictured Onyx ordering some popcorn, also Bluey themed, from one of the many food carts on offer. 
Onyx had a ball smashing a piñata which was made in the shape of cartoon character Bingo from the series.
Iggy Azalea threw an elaborate birthday party for her young son over the weekend
There was fun for the grownups too, with Iggy, 33, having a go on the elaborate water slide set up in the backyard.    
The singer captioned the fun series of photos and clips with a simple white heart and '4L'.  
Iggy shares Onyx with her ex-boyfriend, American rapper Playboi Carti.
Last year, Iggy - real name Amethyst Kelly - revealed that she's 'not even remotely on good terms' with her ex.
The Australian rapper shared a series of images and videos to Instagram from the party ringing in little Onyx's fourth birthday
In the photos, the tot could be seen enjoying a cake themed after popular children's cartoon character, Bluey. He also had fun in the pool
Iggy gave her birthday boy a cuddle  
Onyx had a ball smashing a piñata which was made in the shape of cartoon character Bingo from the series
Other images pictured Onyx ordering some popcorn, also Bluey themed, from one of the many food carts on offer
The blonde bombshell clapped back at claims that the rapper in XXL Magazine that he 'took care of her and their son Onyx'.
The blonde beauty also said that they have no 'direct contact' because he treats her like 's**t' in an array of now-deleted tweets.
Iggy wrote on social media at the time: 'Take care of me? Lmaooooo let's not get carried away now. I laughed. A lot.'
She added, 'You've been mislead. I don't f**k with a man I'm not even remotely on good terms with claiming he pays my bills. I pay my bills.
'Secondly, saying nice things for an interview sounds great but in real life he talks to me like s*** so badly I had to stop all direct contact.'
Iggy split from Carti in October 2020 after two years of dating, four months after their son Onyx was born.
There was fun for the grownups too, with Iggy, 33, having a go on the elaborate water slide set up in the backyard
The singer captioned the fun series of photos and clips with a simple white heart and '4L'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group