Drake is back with another three-pack and this time, he apears to be addressing a certain group of collaborators who have thrown shots at him over the last few months.
On Friday, three new songs appeared on Drake's alleged Instagram burner page @plottttwistttttt. The three-pack of songs included "No Face" featuring Playboi Carti, "Circadian Rhythm (The Language 2)," and "SOD," a solo version of the Lil Yachty-assisted record "Super Soak" that Kai Cenat teased earlier this month.
With the exception of the smooth, melodic "SOD," Drake reserved some bars on "Circadian Rhythm (The Language 2)" and "No Face" for the artists who made their issues with him public this year. On the Gordo-produced "Circadian Rhythm," Drizzy refers to a group of people who "don't speak my language" on the chorus before stating he's dodged the attacks from foes that have tried to end his career.
"How many funeral dates they plan for me, and I dodged it like the truck? Yeah," he raps.
On "No Face," the 6 God appeared to directly address the artists who he once worked with and who turned their backs on him this year. He references giving these people a boost in popularity off his features and reminds them how they got put on by the person they're dissing now.
"N****s got lit off the features I skated on / I gotta know, I gotta know / How you get lit off the n***a you hatin' on? / Numbers untouchable, they got the data wrong / This is the moment I know they been prayin' on / What? Ayy, what? Ayy / Try knock The Boy off, but fuck it, I'm stayin' on," Drake raps.
The Toronto native also refers to preparing even more heat for his enemies and name-dropping several people, including OVO manager Oliver El-Khatib and Kevin Durant, who are pushing him to go off. According to Drake, he hears it all and is adjusting how he sees fit.
"O' keep on sendin' me slaps to go crazy on / 40 keep sayin' it's time to be patient / It's so many people we turnin' the tables on / Capo got plans, but we'll save that for later on," he raps. "Hush'll keep sayin' they know that they played it wrong / KD just texted, "What the fuck are we waitin' on?" (Damn) / Me, I'm expressionless / Niggas be talkin' 'bout, 'Don't shoot the messenger' / Fire-fire-fire, you get shot for way less in here / None of you pussies is blockin' my blessin's here, what?," he ontinues.
If that weren't enough, Drake gives his enemies one last warning, in which he states how "happy" he is that people have shown their true feelings towards him and how he'll be seeing them once again sooner rather than later.
"I'm just so happy that n****s who envied and held that shit in got to finally show it / I'm over the Moon, yeah, we'll see you boys soon," he raps.
Drake also dropped a trio of songs as part of the 100-gig file drop earlier this month featuring collaborations with Latto, 21 Savage, and Young Thug. Those records landed on streaming services, but it's unclear if the same will happen with this second drop.
music | BY Joe Price
Benny the Butcher and Drake's "Buffalo Freestyle" Has Allegedly Been Removed From Streaming
music | BY Joe Price
Kanye Dedicates Performance of "I Wonder" to Drake and Ian Connor During South Korea Show
music | BY Joshua Espinoza
ASAP Rocky Downplays His Feud With Drake: 'I Got Bigger Fish to Fry'
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.