Camila Cabello attends The 2024 Met Gala Celebrating “Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion” at The Metropolitan Museum of Art on May 06, 2024 in New York City.
Camila Cabello doesn't want to be seen as just another "pop girl." In a new interview this week, the "I LUV IT" singer, 27, spoke about her upcoming new album C, XOXO, and how she is trying to push her boundaries as a pop artist.
<em>(Photo by Olivier Anrigo/Getty Images for Complex)</em>
Cabello says she used to be more of a "song-driven artist," driven by making the best song. Now, with her fourth album releasing this Friday (June 28), the Cuban singer says her "next evolution" as an artist is to create a world or aesthetic that she finds artists like Lana Del Rey do so well.
Explaining that she has been living with this "aesthetic evolution" for a year now, Cabello said she understands that it will take her fans some time to welcome and embrace her new sound. She compared it to her listening to Rihanna's 2016 ANTI album taking her by surprise, but then found herself loving it a few months later.
C, XOXO has features with artists like Playboi Carti, Lil Nas X, Drake, JT and Yung Miami, and BLP Kosher. El Guincho is credited as the producer for some of the tracks, and his musical style incorporates elements of Afrobeat, dub, tropicália, and rock and roll. Since the producer is not someone fans would expect Cabello to work with in the "pop sphere," she says she doesn't work to "cater to what people want from me or expect from me."
In her interview, Cabello says that she doesn't want to be perceived as a "pop girl," adding that she "just kind of want to be me outside of that."
While teasing her new music, many fans commented on her Instagram posts conveying that they do not like her new sound. One person wrote, "It doesn’t feel authentic .. feels try hard." Added another, "Love to camila but this is the worst rebrand ever." A third said, "she changed alot…I think I prefer the old one [shocked emoji]." Another fan tried to be nicer about it and commented, "babe- we love you but just not this era of autotune and rebrand."
Ahead of her album release, Cabello released the singles "I LUV IT feat. Playboi Carti, "HE KNOWS IT feat. Lil Nas X," and most recently, "Chanel No. 5."

                    Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!