Future and Metro Boomin recruit The Weeknd to open up their second joint album. On Friday, April 12, Pluto and Young Metro delivered WE STILL DON'T TRUST YOU via Epic Records. The album's intro, which debuts today as iHeartRadio's latest World Premiere, has Future and Abel shouting out all the women who flock to their concerts, and shading the "bad and freaky" chicks who cause problems. The title track sets the tone for their latest collaborative project that contains more jabs at Hip-Hop's current villain Drake. The Canadian crooner also appears on another song from the album called "All To Myself" where he seemingly disses his former collaborator.
"They could never diss my brothers, baby, when they got leaks in they operation," The Weeknd sings. "I thank God that I never signed my life away/And we never do the big talk/They shooters makin' TikToks, Got us laughin' in the Lambo." Abel's shady lyrics are just the tip of the iceberg. The album also holds destructive collaborations with A$AP Rocky, who also takes aim at Drizzy on "Show of Hands," Lil Baby, and J. Cole. Cole's appearance on the album stunned fans, especially after some of them criticized the "First Person Shooter" rapper for waiving the white flag to Kendrick Lamar amid the ongoing conflict among the Big 3. 
The album comes less than a month after Future and MB delivered their first joint effort WE DON'T TRUST YOU. Their 17-track project contains collaborations with Travis Scott, Playboi Carti, Rick Ross and Kendrick Lamar, who turned the rap world upside down with his vicious verse on "Like That." Kdot's venomous shots at Drake and J. Cole sent the Big 3 into lyrical warfare against one another. J. Cole stepped up to the mic first and returned fire at the Compton rapper on "7 Minute Drill." Unfortunately, he decided to bow out of the melee a few days later and apologized to Kendrick during his set at Dreamville Fest. Listen to Future and Metro Boomin's new album WE STILL DON'T TRUST YOU below. WARNING: EXPLICIT LANGUAGE