‘CHROMAKOPIA’, the rapper’s seventh studio album, will be released on Monday
Tyler, The Creator has given fans one final taste of his upcoming album ‘CHROMAKOPIA‘ before its release on Monday (October 28). Check it out below.
‘CHROMAKOPIA’ will be the rapper’s seventh studio album, and it is set for release on October 28 via Columbia. You can pre-order the LP here. The album marks the ‘See You Again’ rapper’s first new music since his 2021 LP ‘Call Me If You Get Lost‘.
Tyler has already shared two singles: ‘NOID’, which included a frenzied, paranoia-imbued music video starring The Bear‘s Ayo Edebiri, and ‘St. Chroma’ – the first teaser for the ‘CHROMAKOPIA’ project. Daniel Caesar has revealed himself as singing on the track’s chorus, writing on Instagram Stories: “Did some vocals on this, very proud. Can’t wait for you all to hear the whole record.”
Now, with one day to go until ‘CHROMAKOPIA’s release, the rapper has shared another preview with the single ‘Thought I Was Dead’, alongside a video directed by himself.
With the album set to be released at 6am EST, the rapper told fans: “You can listen to it when you wake up. You don’t have to deprive yourself of sleep for something that is going to be there when you wake up.”
Tyler recently announced a world tour in celebration of ‘CHROMAKOPIA’, with tickets set to go on sale on Friday, November 1 at 10am local time. Alongside special guests Lil Yachty and Paris Texas, Tyler will play shows across North America, Europe, the United Kingdom, Australia and New Zealand. See a full list of dates here, find tickets for US and European dates here, Australia and New Zealand here and the UK here.
In a four-star review of Tyler, The Creator’s 2021 album ‘Call Me If You Get Lost’, NME wrote: “The record stands as an all-encompassing culmination of Tyler’s ever-varying sound, showing that growth isn’t always linear and that artists can be a multitude of things. On ‘Call Me…’, Tyler cements his place as a generational talent, one in fine form and continuing to push the boundaries of his vision and kaleidoscopic sound.”
NME also caught the musician’s headlining set at this year’s edition of Coachella. A four-star review of his set noted that it was a “kind of performance that keeps you guessing. It’s never obvious where the setlist is going to weave next, how the chosen song might be presented, or even who might appear during it.”
Next month, the artist’s music festival Camp Flog Gnaw will celebrate its 10th anniversary, with headliners including Playboi Carti, Erykah Badu, André 3000 and Tyler himself.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.