All five new tracks are expected to arrive on his upcoming album ‘I Am Music’
Playboi Carti has used his set at Rolling Loud Miami to debut several new songs. Check out footage and the full setlist below.
The rapper made his appearance at the festival by closing out the final day on Sunday (December 15). While he broke out a number of fan favourites, he also used the set to preview some brand-new material from his upcoming album.
According to Setlist.FM, Carti played 18 songs in total, five of which were currently unreleased material. This included the two opening tracks – one called ‘Crush’ (called ‘Give No Fucks’ on YouTube), which saw him take to the stage another Rolling Loud headliner, Travis Scott, while the other was reportedly called ‘Cocaine Nose’.
Later, a brand new song called ‘Walk!’ was performed for the first time, as were songs that appeared later in the set. These included one called ‘Drugs Got Me Numb’, and one called ‘Lie’ (called ‘Lose You’ on YouTube), which closed out the night and marked his latest duet with The Weeknd.
Check out footage and the setlist below.
‘CRUSH’ (New song; featuring Travis Scott)
‘COCAINE NOSE’(New song)
‘Type Shit’ (Future & Metro Boomin cover)
‘H00DBYAIR’
‘KETAMINE’
‘EVILJ0RDAN’ (Teased ‘Popular’ in the intro)
‘WALK’ (New song)
‘Rockstar Made’
‘DIFFERENT DAY’
‘2024’
‘FE!N’’ (Travis Scott cover)
‘Stop Breathing’
‘CARNIVAL’ (¥$ cover)
‘Shoota’
‘Timeless’ (The Weeknd cover)
‘DRUGS GOT ME NUMB’ (New song)
‘Sky’
‘LIE’ (New song; featuring The Weeknd)
The new material being aired at the set comes as the rapper teased last month that he would be playing his upcoming album in its entirety at the event.
The album in question is his upcoming third LP ‘I Am Music’, which the Atlanta rapper has been teasing for several years, and has said will be released before the end of the year. No release date has been shared for the album at the time of writing.
Other headliners at Rolling Loud Miami included Future and Travis Scott, who each performed over the two previous nights. Carti had also been due to headline Rolling Loud Thailand and Wireless Festival Middle East, but was forced to cancel both appearances at the last minute, due to “travel issues”.
‘I Am Music’ is expected to include all new songs featured in Carti’s Sunday set, as well as his latest single ‘All Red’, which arrived in September.
His last full-length was 2021’s ‘Whole Lotta Red’, which NME awarded three stars, saying: “There’s no getting away from the fact that at 24 tracks long, there’s not a lot of variety on ‘Whole Lotta Red’, and the biggest take away here is perhaps that perennial rap fan favourite: less is most definitely more.”
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.