Rap superstar/entrepreneur Travis Scott spearheaded the first ComplexCon to be held in Las Vegas. Plenty of celebrities joined him for the festivities.
Somewhere between the ‘64 Impala low rider at the Dr. Dre and Snoop Dogg Gin & Juice booth and Travis Scott’s Cactus Colosseum rounded, caged soccer facility, it hit me.
This is MAGIC, but with major headliners.
MAGIC is the retail apparel convention that has landed in Las Vegas every year since ’89. This is a veritable sea of suits. Similarly, ComplexCon took over all of the Las Vegas Convention Center’s West Hall on Saturday and Sunday.
The MAGIC influence tracks if you know that Aaron Levant, ComplexCon’s founder and CEO of Complex Networks, visited MAGIC in the late 1990s and came away inspired.
The Las Vegas ComplexCon event drew such headliners as Travis Scott, the event’s artistic director, who also presented his Cactus Jack fashion line in the first CactusCon activation; Playboi Carti, Metro Boomin and Opium. Those stars played the refashioned convention center’s live-music venue.
The event drew approximately 60,o00 attendees and covered more than 1 million square feet, presenting about 300 worldwide brands, 750 international artists and a Family Style Food Festival with offerings selected by onetime Las Vegan food influencer Keith Lee.
On Monday, ComplexCon announced it would be back Oct. 25-26, with Daniel Arsham as its 2025 Global Artistic Director. Arsham is also leading the event’s return to Hong Kong from March 21-23.
Having opened in Long Beach in 2016, the event was held for the first time in Las Vegas and is under agreement for at least two more years at the Convention Center.
A breakdown of what went down, assist from the ComplexCon crew:
Sunday
— Scott brought WWE superstar Triple H on stage and was gifted the Hardcore championship belt, while announcing an appearance on the first “Raw” on Netflix, Jan. 6 in L.A.
— IShowSpeed, star streamer, joined a special episode of “360 with Speedy,” hosted by Speedy Morman. He was later gifted an exclusive Ronaldo Jacob & Co. Epic x Heart of CR7 watch worth $29,000 at his Secreto Maximus soccer tournament.
— WWE champion Cody Rhodes sat with reality TV star West Wilson and revealed his top three heroes: Sting, Tom Brady and Prince.
— Faze Banks and Plaqueboymax debated the “GOAT” Playboi Carti song during a live episode of “GOAT Talk.”
— Michèle Lamy was spotted serving her look at the Rick Owens booth before to the Family Style Food Festival.
— Lil Yachty presented fans with a signed pair of Concrete Boys Forces on the show floor.
Complex’s Noah Callahan-Bever sat with street-wear innovator Angelo Baque for a special live taping of “Idea Generation.”
Saturday
— Scott met with fans on the exhibition floor at his CactusCon. The experience brought together more than 35 exclusive collaborations and installations with influential designers, artists and brands.
— Playboi Carti headlined the festival’s first night, joined by Ken Carson and Destroy Lonely, with an opening performance by Metro Boomin, Offset and Airsoft Fatty.
— Dr. Dre and Snoop Dogg appeared in a taping of “Drink Champs” with N.O.R.E. and DJ EFN where they previewed unreleased music.
— Ken Carson and Joe La Puma did a special episode of “Sneaker Shopping” on the show floor.
— The Sneaker of the Year panel, renamed in honor of the late DJ Clark Kent, crowned the Adidas AE1 as the top sneaker of 2024, while PJ Tucker and Lil Yachty shared near-miss stories about the Nike Wu-Tang Dunks.
— WNBA Chicago Sky star Angel Reese joined a special episode of “360 with Speedy.”
— Lee and artist Tobe Nwigwe teamed at the Family Style Food Festival, trying out their top picks like Trill Burgers and Shang Artisan Noodle.
— Scott and Nike hosted the Secreto Maximus Tournament, a high-stakes private soccer match at the Cactus Colosseum, featuring Steve Nash and a roster of top athletes.
— FaZe Banks, Plaqueboymax, Ronaldo and Lacy stopped by the Opium booth for exclusive merch.
— Lil Yachty surprised attendees with an impromptu DJ set at Greg Yuna’s booth.
— FaZe Clan joined Complex’s Jordan Rose to discuss the toll streaming takes on their crew.
The Zouk scene
Zouk Nightclub at Resorts World bounced throughout the event as the resort was the official hotel partner throughout the weekend. Chase B headlined the Thursday opening party. The thrilling entertainment continued Friday with NAV taking the Zouk stage for the first time, premiering Tap” and “Never Sleep.”
Celebrating his upcoming new album “On My Way 2 Rexdale,” the rapper had a custom NAV slot machine display in front of RedTail for fans to interact with and receive QR code tickets to listen to snippets of the new album.
On Saturday night, Lil Yachty unleashed “One Night” and “A Cold Sunday.” Late Sunday it was Scott and DJ Patrick Cornett after ComplexCon had shut down. Scott performed his hits, including “FE!N,” “No Bystanders” and “Antidote.” The superstar also surprised the crowd with a snippet of an unreleased track.
John Katsilometes’ column runs daily in the A section. His “PodKats!” podcast can be found at reviewjournal.com/podcasts. Contact him at jkatsilometes@reviewjournal.com. Follow @johnnykats on X, @JohnnyKats1 on Instagram.
ComplexCon Celebrities 
Some of the big names to appear at ComplexCon, held at Las Vegas Convention Center's West Hall on Nov. 16-17:
Day One - Saturday
Travis Scott, Dr. Dre, Snoop Dogg, Playboi Carti, Machine Gun Kelly, Ken Carson, Michèle Lamy, Offset, 2 Chainz, Metro Boomin, Gunna, Xzibit, Sheck Wes, Cody Rhodes, FUTURA, Big Sean, Angel Reese, Big Boy, FaZe Banks, Austin Rivers, Michael Rubin, NAV, Lil Yachty, Tobe Nwigwe, Destroy Lonely, Keith Lee, and more.
Day Two - Sunday
Travis Scott, Lil Yachty, IShowSpeed, Rey Mysterio, Noah Lyles, Mike Dean, Metro Boomin, Central Cee, GUNNA, Don Toliver, Salehe Bembury, Michèle Lamy, Cody Rhodes, Trinidad James, Triple H, NAV, Westside Gunn, Faze Banks, Plaqueboymax Angelo Baque, Bloody Osiris, Larry June, Landon Barker, West Wilson, Anna DeGuzman, Siobhan Bell, Quinn Blake, Spinall and more.
Honored in Las Vegas, columnist Norm Clarke’s final resting place will be his hometown of Terry, Mont.
Mark Davis has signed a legend, and not for the first time, for a Raiders event.
Beyoncé was hit with a cease-and-desist letter from Sphere CEO James Dolan over a video in her “Cowboy Carter” tour in which the superstar picks up the Las Vegas venue.
The Red Rocker’s most extensive performance commitment ever on the Strip, “Best of All Worlds” runs through May 17.
Think performers wielding iconic props like blasters and light sabers, R2-D2 making it rain by firing cash in the air, and Han Solo gyrating to “Smooth Criminal,” to screams that reach the edge of the galaxy.
“The Party” is ongoing for Spiegelworld, which has named its new project just that.
Beyoncé is shown grabbing and holding the Sphere in her “Cowboy Carter” tour production. She’s not revealing why.
Jay Sarno Jr., the son of the founder of Caesars Palace, sets the record straight on the tale of Evel Knievel’s infamous Caesars jump.
It’ll be temperature up, “Hands Down” at the Durango casino in July.Alt-rock band Dashboard Confessional is the latest headliner for the resort’s “Bel-Aire Poolside Concert Series.”
Bruno Mars is already the longest-running headliner at Dolby Live. The nine new dates he just added would take him to triple digits.

Las Vegas News Raiders News Las Vegas Sphere Oakland A's Move Las Vegas Casinos Las Vegas Crime Las Vegas Shows Sports Betting F1 Las Vegas Las Vegas Restaurants Lake Mead Las Vegas Weather

Copyright © 2019 Las Vegas Review-Journal, Inc. | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service
Powered by WordPress.com VIP