The influential Atlanta rapper passed away last Thursday (Sept. 5).

							By 

	Amber Corrine

Staff Writer, News

Rich Homie Quan, born Dequantes Devontay Lamar, sadly passed away last Thursday (Sept. 5). Rumors have been circulating that his untimely death may have been drug-related — however, an official cause of death has not been ruled by a coroner.

	The tragic news began spreading online after only a handful of celebrities posted their condolences and grievances of his death, although it hadn’t been confirmed at the time. According to a 911 call audio made public, Quan, 34, was found unresponsive by his girlfriend. 

	Since the official announcement of his passing, many of his musical peers have reacted online with memories of the “Man of The Year” rapper. Jacquees, Quavo, Playboi Carti, Tank, Megan Thee Stallion, and more all have paid their respects to him and his loved ones. Not only has Quan’s death been a loss to his family, fans, and friends, but also Hip-Hop as a whole.
A post shared by Young Metro 3 Times ? (@metroboomin)

	Quan — who is survived by his four children — was a staple in the Atlanta music scene, especially during his unstoppable run from 2013-2016. The melodic rapper truly created his own sound wave that often influenced his musical peers. His lyrics often reflected the young Black men in his ATL community that faced many challenges just as he did, with exposure to jail, drugs, violence, and more.

	His breakout 2013 hit “Type of Way” put the spotlight on him, catapulting his burgeoning rap career into full-fledged stardom. The success of the latter song was followed by a series of popular mixtapes including Still Goin In, I Promise I Will Never Stop Going In, and others. His consistency validated his hype and also solidified his spot in the Rich Gang collective consisting of him, Young Thug, and Birdman — which birthed another big hit, “Lifestyle” in 2014.

	However, Quan’s music career took a blow as he dealt with legal issues, controversial takes about his lyrics, and conflicts with his record label. Additionally, a disappointing 2016 tribute to Biggie at the Hip Hop Honors may have added to it. However, he kept working. 

	Rich Homie Quan’s legacy is defined by his authenticity, inspirational sound, and unwavering consistency during his prime in Hip-Hop. Truly living up to his frequently used phrase to “go in,” Quan’s influence extended beyond the charts and inspired a whole generation of rappers who came after him. 

	In remembrance of RHQ’s life and legacy, VIBE has compiled a list of eight of his deep cuts that you may or may not know.

	Perhaps one of Rich Homie Quan‘s best deep cuts (which probably isn’t too deep) is “Milk Marie.” The 2014 beloved track hears Quan express his attraction for a woman whom he nicknamed “Milk Marie” for her intimate parts. In the song, he gets graphic about how good her sex game is, so much that he’s willing to put up with the good and bad that comes with her.

	“Milk Marie she got a pretty pu**y/ Call it pink cause a ni**a fell in love with it/ She got a thang for me, I got a thang for her/ Never ever let her get away from me,” he raps.

Rich Homie Quan bragged on the 2013 Still Goin In: Reloaded track “Differences,” as he compared himself to his opponents who he felt lacked where he succeeded. The prideful lyrics emphasized how he stands out from the crowd and is willing to work harder than anyone who would rather “sit on their a**.”

	“The difference between me and you/ Is I’d rather get money and try and flip me something/ You can’t tell me nothing/ The difference between me and you is/ You’d rather sit on your a**/ Begging from another man holding out your hand,” he boasts.

	2013’s “WWYD” (What Would You Do) also helmed from Rich Homie Quan‘s fifth studio project I Promise I Will Never Stop Going In, where he rapped about the real life struggles of being broke and willing to do whatever for some “paper.” The track mentions various lengths that people will go to for financial gain such as a woman committing sexual acts, civilians being robbed, and even friends crossing friends for a buck.

	“Back then ni**a I do anything for some paper, straight up/ That bid I did, I was kicking door for that paper/ And them neighbors said they say me creeping round the corner/ But they just hating cause I’m on the come up.”

	“Skeletons” featuring Boosie Badazz lived on Rich Homie Quan‘s 2019 tape The Gif (Goin In Forever). The track talks about past events in his life that he’s avoided confronting such as events that may have landed him in jail. He also raps about longing for someone to have his back as “leeches” are around him.

	“DJ played all my new sh*t, I had to slide him a fifty/ Sh*t ain’t how it used to be, feel like I’m growin’ too fast/ Bought everything I ever wanted ’cause I was broke in the past/ Watchin’ the dope boys run it up, they gave me hope in the past.”

	“I F*ck Wit You Girl” came out in 2013 helming from Quan’s I Promise I Will Never Stop Going In mixtape. The smooth and catchy track hears Quan express his affection and attraction for a woman who has his back — especially when he was locked down. Kind of like a “hood love song,” Quan delivers laid-back melodies and raw lyrics as he shows appreciation for his woman. 

	“Try’d your best just to hold me down, I know you did what you can/ Pop’s always told me never depend on another man hand/ He say she say never listen to what another man sayin/ But I f**k with you girl,” he raps.

Rich Homie Quan released “Perfect Flower” in 2020 on his Rich As In Spirit album as a reflective and introspective track where he compares a significant person in his life to a “perfect flower.” Quan’s soft side shows as he raps about finding beauty in imperfection and choosing to do right by the person he loves, while also getting rid of his distractions.

	“Swallow my pride I realized that it won’t hurt to call her/ I watch her blossom from a seed to a perfect flower/ Gave me her heart and yeah she trust me/ I can’t hurt lil’ shawty.”

	“Old Quan” is another reflective track where Quan reminisces about his past, his growth, and how he has stayed true to himself despite fame and success. The 2019 song’s raw and uncut lyrics share accounts of what he’s been through while also remaining grounded. 

	“Old Quan, they want that old Quan/ I’m still that same ni**a, just got some new songs/ Came up from the bottom, now my money long/ But I’ll never change, I just put my team on.”

	“Man of the Year” was released in 2013 and hears Quan reflect on the hustle that brought him to success. Considered an anthem for his music career, the lyrics speak directly to his resilience and ambition, and also celebrates his career in the rap game.

	“I’m the man of the year/ I done came up, made a name, that’s clear/ Young ni**a, got my weight up, can’t steer/ Took chances, had to face my fears,” he raps.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.