By ASHLEIGH GRAY FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  06:59, 25 April 2024   |  Updated:  07:34, 25 April 2024   
 20
View  comments
Camila Cabello was spotted out and about in Los Angeles on Wednesday.
The 27-year-old pop star — who performed at Coachella — was clad in a black crop top and sweatpants as she left a restaurant.
She also wore a black zip-up sweater, pulling its hood over her freshly bleached blonde locks.
The I Luv It songstress flashed the band of her high-rise pink underwear as she carried a beverage outside of the establishment.
Her eyes were covered in a pair of sporty, glossy black sunglasses.
Camila Cabello was spotted out and about in Los Angeles on Wednesday
The 27-year-old pop star was clad in a black crop top and sweatpants as she left a restaurant 
The Havana hitmaker flaunted a long, vampy black manicure as she applied lip gloss at one point.
Her casual and comfortable outfit was rounded out with a pair of dark blue HOKA sneakers.
Cabello is fresh off her surprise appearance at Coachella, where she took the stage to perform her new single alongside Lana Del Rey. 
After the performance, Camila penned a lengthy IG post thanking Lana, who she branded as 'a once in a lifetime artist.' 
She told her followers that Lana has 'inspired' her through the years and is one of her 'heroes.'  
'thank you for including us in your moment last night i am at your service forever my girl,' Cabello concluded.
She included a sweet photo of her and Lana hugging on festival grounds at night as well as footage of the pair on the main stage. 
Cabello released her new song I Luv It, which features rapper Playboi Carti, nearly one month ago. 
It's the first official track off her forthcoming album. 
Cabello initially teased the track in early March in a video clip shared on Instagram.
Cabello has been rocking merchandise with the title of her single printed on it
Camila's new project is titled C, XOXO — which she used as part of her Instagram caption in a post shared on Tuesday
Last Friday Camila performed with Lana Del Rey at Coachella
She wore a rhinestone-covered shirt that read Pepsi Cola in a nod to Lana's song Cola
She went on to share the song's cover art on the 25th, with the tune making its official debut two days later. 
Cabello issued a statement about the song shortly after.
She told Billboard:  'Certain things in our human realm do make me feel like I'm in outer space, and the very rare few times where I've had incredible chemistry with someone is one of them.'
The singer-songwriter added, 'Part of that cocktail is also the emotional drama between you and that person, and the chaos and butterflies and nerves and passion. It's unsustainable and not peaceful and exhausting, but also, I Luv It.'
Camila's new project is titled C, XOXO — which she used as part of her Instagram caption in a post shared on Tuesday.
The album will be released sometime this summer.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group