IShowSpeed beat Travis Scott in a foot race—continuing to show just how dominant of an athlete that he can be.
At the Fanatics Fest, after hitting a flip in front of Jalen Brunson, Josh Hart, and Lil Wayne, Speed challenged Scott to a race to see who’s faster. After jokingly asking if Scott wanted to put money on the match, they took off—with Speed making it past Scott. Instead of bragging, Speed hit the rapper with a “come on bro.”
Check out their brief race below.
Speed’s athletic showcase ended with him getting a leg cramp. In an attempt to come to his aid, Scott jokingly decided to pour his branded Cacti hard seltzer on his leg. 
Earlier this month, it was announced that Travis Scott is set to headline this year's ComplexCon alongside Playboi Carti on Saturday, November 16, and Sunday, November 17, in Las Vegas, Nevada. Tickets are on sale now. 
The wildest part about this whole situation is that this isn’t even the only athletic achievement that Speed has been a part of at Fanatics Fest. Earlier today, the streamer challenged Adin Ross to a wrestling match in front of Dana White.
Inside of an octagon, with White serving as their referee, Speed made Ross tap out in less than a minute.
Aside from this, he showcased some more of his talents on a punchline machine when he beat Brazilian MMA fighter Alex Pereira’s score of 906 points with 921 points.
Earlier this month, Speed got a temporary ban from YouTube after filming himself jumping a Lamborghini and McLaren.
"Let me tell them something real quick. Don't ever fucking doubt me, bro. I don't think shit over here," Speed declared a video of the risky stunts. "Two fucking cars in a row."
The day after, Speed posted about the ban to his fans.
"Hey guys, if y’all are watching this right now, I’m banned on YouTube on my main channel," he explained. "I cannot stream or do anything, guys. I just wanted to let y’all know. I love y’all, bro."
pop-culture | BY Joe Price
IShowSpeed Shares Video of Him Jumping Over Speeding Lamborghini
sports | BY Mark Elibert
iShowSpeed Splurges on $100,000 Custom Cristiano Ronaldo Chain
pop-culture | BY Alex Ocho
IShowSpeed Avoids YouTube Ban After Accidentally Exposing Himself During Stream
Fanatics
TAKASHI MURAKAMI + DODGERS SHIRT BLUE
Fanatics
TAKASHI MURAKAMI + DODGERS SHIRT WHITE
Fanatics
TAKASHI MURAKAMI + DODGERS SHIRT BLACK
Takashi Murakami
Takashi Murakami + MLB World Tour Tokyo Series 2025 Surippa Ohana Cubs
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.