The Michigan Daily

					One hundred and thirty-four years of editorial freedom				
I’ve been listening to Camila Cabello and Playboi Carti’s “I LUV IT” a fair bit recently. There’s not much I can add to the discussion of how perplexing the song is — the offbeat “I love its”, synths that could fit in an MGMT song, the tacked-on Carti verse. But the biggest head scratcher is just how boring it is. Every one of its oddities — of which there are too many to enumerate — coagulates into nothing. You don’t need to hear Gucci Mane’s postchorus “brrr” ad-libs to feel the song’s cold limpness. It would fit squarely in the middle of Obama’s obligatory summer playlist post, obscured by Pitchfork-charting plants and Taylor Swift. It’s not Charli XCX; it’s post-Elon Musk, “self-replicating A.I. Popstar” Grimes trying to do Visions. 
Now, look, I don’t hate the pop star process. I can’t imagine a pop star’s life is easy. You’re constantly on the lookout for bubbling-under musical scenes, fighting to be the one to “pioneer” them among other, possibly more successful, mainstream artists. But when it turns out you don’t want to actually work with people from the scene, you have to get an A or B-list producer to recreate the style. I’ve tried to make music before, and replicating genres is hard! It’s why I think Drake is one of the hardest-working artists in the industry: While he’s country-hopping every era and with seemingly the entire hip-hop world on his ass right now, he has to be under a lot of pressure. At least he works with people from the scenes he borrows from … sort of. 
So when there comes a song which fulfills not just one, not just two, but a handful of vultured trends, how can I not applaud? 
Sorry, I’ve probably oversimplified the pop music industrial complex. I love pop music. But I also think pop music, as a concept, is fundamentally boring. This is fine; I will still attempt to belt the high notes of “Miss Belladonna,” listen to my K-pop playlist on road trips and defend ARTPOP as innovative and life changing. But “I LUV IT” and similar tunes represent pop music in decay, a genre resorting to self-parody. It is, for lack of a better word, silly. Stupid. 
I don’t think eccentricity is universally bad. I love it when my pop music gets zany: I’ll take industrial grinders and circus music blaring into my ears any day. Hell, I probably would’ve liked “I LUV IT” in another lifetime! Maybe that’s the point, isn’t it? It’s supposed to be bad, goofy, eccentric. Camp, even.
In Susan Sontag’s “Notes on ‘Camp,’” she writes that “Camp which knows itself to be Camp is usually less satisfying” and that “the pure examples of Camp are unintentional; they are dead serious.” In its incongruous casserole of sounds, “I LUV IT” loses its identity as a song and becomes a spectacle. There is an intentionality to it that strips it of its bizarro, an attempt to project authenticity that runs hollow. 
There’s a problem here: Pop music has never been authentic. 
What we know as pop music, the 4/4, easy-to-listen-to, (often) upbeat music that plays on the radio, is just a pantomime of other music scenes. I’m fine with that; the disco-EDM marriage that is “dance pop” is groovy and recontextualizes historical lineages within their current eras, from Madonna to Rihanna to Dua Lipa. Much of our contemporary pop is decidedly not authentic, nor is it trying to be. It’s good fun, though!
So, what about the Thrillers and the Madonnas, the Lemonades and the Future Nostalgias of the world, pioneering, genre-defining pop albums? Yes, they take from their predecessors, but isn’t there something original in how they redefine their influences? Well, sure, but they embody what I would call relative authenticity. Take Lemonade: it clearly works in the cultural context of pop R&B, but the way it plays with its genre markers — its production, its politics — distinguishes Beyoncé from her contemporaries. It’s somewhat Saussurean; an album’s idiosyncrasy only exists in relation to others within its “system,” pop music. There’s little comparison between an Emotion and a Daughter of Darkness; they’re both standout albums, but they don’t occupy the same cultural context, so to establish either one’s relative singularity requires a closer frame of reference. 
Back to “I LUV IT.” Does it not look exceedingly original in comparison to, well, all other mainstream pop music? Sure. But there’s something in the Thrillers and Madonnas that, even if it’s not exceedingly eccentric, gives them substance. It has a vision. In contrast, eccentricity for eccentricity’s sake is masturbatory. It’s the musical equivalent of those men who would lay on beds of nails for fun: cool at first glance, utterly pointless after that. Plus, there’s no flair to the way these pop stars do it. “I LUV IT” doesn’t even attempt to lay on nails; it’s barefoot, stepping on a floor of LEGOs, leaping around because they didn’t realize how painful it would be. 
This is when I realized: “I LUV IT” isn’t just boring, it’s bored. In place of a coherent musical direction, it resorts to playing with whatever little trinkets it can find; a weird synth here, some weird drum patterns there. All for something that will be discarded by the second single. I’m reminded of Meghan Trainor’s “Mother,” another song that relies on uncampy campiness to propel itself forward. Did anyone listen to the album that was on? (Please don’t say yes). Did she ever make anything remotely similar? I’m going to assume not; “Mother”’s exact flavor of eccentricity only presents itself as such for novelty’s sake. Pop musicians aspiring for continued relevance need something other than spectacle. There’s nothing inherently interesting about putting square pegs into round holes. 
Summer Managing Arts Editor Thejas Varma can be reached at thejasv@umich.edu.
Please consider donating to The Michigan Daily

Stanford Lipsey Student Publications Building

420 Maynard St, Ann Arbor, MI 48109



Edited and managed by the students at the University of Michigan since 1890

[ditty id=484978]