Atlanta-based rapper Rich Homie Quan has tragically passed away at the age of 34, as reported by TMZ. The cause of death remains unknown, with his family telling the publication they are 'desperately' seeking answers.
The family expressed their devastation, stating they are "shattered and heartbroken by his sudden death". The musician, whose real name is Dequantes Devontay Lamar, was known for hits like Type of Way and Ride Out.
He was discovered in his home on Thursday (5 September). For the latest TV & Showbiz news, sign up to our newsletter
READ MORE: Update on Zoe Ball's BBC Radio 2 role amid ongoing absence from breakfast show
READ MORE: Gordon Ramsay left needing help to put socks and pants on
Following the news, numerous fans and friends paid tribute to the star, including rapper Playboi Carti who shared several memories with him on Instagram Stories.
Fans also flooded his most recent Instagram post, shared just two days prior, to express their condolences. "STILL IN DISBELIEF," wrote one user, while another commented: "So many great talents leaving us way too soon".
Early reports, including one from MailOnline, have speculated that a drug overdose may have been the cause of death, but this has not been confirmed. In May 2017, Rich Home Quan faced charges of felony drug possession with intent to distribute, however, the case was dismissed in 2019 due to insufficient evidence, according to TMZ.
This marks the second tragedy in the rap world this week, following the news that Fatman Scoop, aged 53, died just a day after experiencing a medical emergency on stage. His tour manager, Birch Michael, also known as Pure Cold, confirmed the death of Scoop, whose real name is Isaac Freeman.
"It is with the heaviest of hearts I announce the passing of Isaac Freeman III, known professionally as Fatman Scoop," read a statement posted on Instagram on Saturday. "You taught me how to be the man I am today. I love you Scoop, Thank you so much for everything you gave to me."
Isaac was rushed to hospital on Friday night after collapsing on stage during a performance at Town Centre Park in Hamden, Connecticut, causing panic among the audience.
The music star seemed to walk behind the stage before collapsing, as seen in a video obtained by TMZ. A performer on stage halted the music as medical staff could be seen performing chest compressions on the star behind the DJ booth.
As the performer taking over the stage asked everyone how they were doing, one person could be heard shouting: "We want to know what happened to Fatman Scoop! " while another exclaimed: "They're doing CPR? ? ".
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.