He joins the likes of LL COOL J, Lil Wayne, and Trina with the distinction.

							By 

	DeMicia Inman

Staff Writer, News

Travis Scott is set to be honored with the I Am Hip-Hop Award at the 2024 BET Hip-Hop Awards. The accolade recognizes artists who have made significant cultural and creative impacts on the genre, per Rolling Stone. 

The Houston rapper joins the past three honorees Marley Marl in 2023, Trina in 2022, and Nelly in 2021. Previously, the award has been granted to the likes of LL COOL J, Lil Wayne, Rakim, MC Lyte, Scarface, Snoop Dogg, and more. 

	Outside of the honor, the ASTROWORLD rapper is nominated across six categories, including Best Live Performer, Best Hip-Hop Video for “Type Sh*t” with Future, Metro Boomin, and Playboi Carti as well as Best Collaboration for “At the Party” with Kid Cudi and Pharrell Williams.

	










	“Travis Scott is a visionary artist who continues to push the boundaries of music, culture, and live performance,” expressed Connie Orlando, EVP, Specials, Music Programming & Music Strategy in a statement, per RS.
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Fat Joe Files Extortion Lawsuit Against Former Hypeman After "Pedophile" Claims		
			







	“With his unmatched creativity and relentless passion, he has redefined what it means to be a captivating, inspiring entertainer within the hip hop genre. We look forward to celebrating him at BET Hip-Hop Awards 2024.”
A post shared by BET Networks (@bet)

	Fat Joe returns as host of the Hip-Hop Awards for the third consecutive year, and for the first time, the BET Hip-Hop Awards will take place in Las Vegas. Megan Thee Stallion is this year’s top nominee, closely followed by Kendrick Lamar and Drake. 

	The 2024 BET Hip Hop Awards will air on BET on Tuesday, Oct. 15, 2024, at 8 p.m. ET/PT.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.