Richman's debut album failed to make the Billboard 200. 

													By
												

	Michael Saponara


	The “big three” conversation is a tiresome one in rap. With Kendrick Lamar, Drake and J. Cole still running strong as commercial titans from the 2010s, fans and critics have been trying to identify the next class to fill their shoes. 






	
	
		
					Explore		
	





		Explore	

















	
		
					Tommy Richman		
					


See latest videos, charts and news



See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

Billboard Unfiltered returned with a new episode on Thursday (Oct. 10) as Staff Writer Kyle Denis, Deputy Director R&B/Hip-Hop Carl Lamarre and Senior Charts & Data Analyst Trevor Anderson debated who could crash the big three party. 





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Mase Wants Fans to Vote If He Should Attend Diddy's Trial		
	



	05/02/2025	







	Lamarre’s “modern day big three” — without K. Dot, Drake and Cole — includes Rod Wave, Playboi Carti and Travis Scott. 











			Trending on Billboard		






	Denis believes Tyler, The Creator is one of the tastemakers trailblazing for the next generation of rap and should be more highlighted in big three conversations. 

	“I think that combo of his acclaim, his success — we know he can sell, we know he can tour, we know he can headline major festivals. He’s beloved across genres,” he said. “He’s been pretty consistent on an upward trajectory for these last couple years.”

	A more heated debate broke out surrounding Doja Cat and her résumé fitting into today’s rap landscape. “For me as well, I think what she needs to do to bolster her résumé — she just needs a No. 1 album,” Lamarre said. “That’s a glaring blemish on her résumé.”

Tommy Richman made the bizarre decision to not include his Billboard Hot 100 hits “Million Dollar Baby” and “Devil Is a Lie” on his Coyote LP. After listening to Richman’s debut, Anderson didn’t see why the pair of bangers couldn’t have been a fit on the project. 

	“Only Tommy Richman knows what a Tommy Richman album is supposed to sound like,” Anderson said. “When I heard the album, it’s not like, ‘Oh, I can clearly see why ‘Million Dollar Baby’ wasn’t on there.’ It doesn’t sound different to me where it wouldn’t have fit. Maybe it’s to prove something.”

	Denis chimed in: “I feel like this is a business versus art thing for him. Do I care that much?” Coyote didn’t chart on this week’s Billboard 200 after selling about 4,300 copies in the first week, per Luminate. 

	Watch the full episode below. 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.