The Fleetwood Mac frontwoman's new song brought in nearly 72% of the vote.

													By
												

	Ashley Iasimone


Stevie Nicks‘ “The Lighthouse” tops this week’s new music poll.

	Music fans voted in a poll published Friday (Sept. 27) on Billboard, choosing the rock icon’s fresh song as their favorite new music release of the past week.

	The poll presented stiff competition, but Nicks’ new song brought in almost 72% of the vote. Voters this week chose “The Lighthouse” over hot new music releases from talent including Lady Gaga, The Weeknd and Playboi Carti, Rosalía featuring Ralphie Choo, and more.

	“The Lighthouse,” Nicks stated upon releasing the track on Sept. 27, “may be the most important thing I ever do.”

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	“I have my scars, you have yours/ Don’t let them take your power,” she sings with skilled restraint, with verses leading up to a dynamic chorus that urges listeners to “see the future and get mad.” 

	“I wrote this song a few months after Roe v. Wade was overturned,” wrote Nicks in a post on Instagram. “It seemed like overnight, people were saying ‘what can we, as a collective force, do about this…’ For me, it was to write a song.”

	She continued, “It took a while because I was on the road. Then early one morning I was watching the news on TV and a certain newscaster said something that felt like she was talking to me~ explaining what the loss of Roe v. Wade would come to mean. I wrote the song the next morning and recorded it that night. That was September 6, 2022. I have been working on it ever since. I have often said to myself, ‘This may be the most important thing I ever do.’ To stand up for the women of the United States and their daughters and granddaughters ~ and the men that love them.”

	“This is an anthem,” Nicks said.

	Among the new music trailing behind “The Lighthouse” on this week’s poll is Lady Gaga’s Harlequin project, nearing 18% of the vote, and The Weeknd and Playboi Carti’s new collab “Timeless,” with 3% of the vote.

	See the final results of this week’s poll below.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.