The distributor claims the release violated a service agreement. 

							By 

	DeMicia Inman

Staff Writer, News

Update: 8:25 a.m. PT (Feb. 16, 2024) – Kanye West and Ty Dolla $ign’s Vultures 1 album is now distributed by Label Engine per Billboard. The album is currently available on streaming platforms. Original story below… 

	—

Update: 12:36 p.m. PT (Feb. 16, 2024) – Kanye West and Ty Dolla $ign’s Vultures 1 album has disappeared from Apple Music. The album is currently still available on Tidal, YouTube Music, and Spotify.  Original story below… 

—

	Kanye West and Ty Dolla $ign’s VULTURES 1 collaborative album may be removed from streaming services soon. Billboard reports that the distributor claims the musicians violated a service agreement when providing the project to various platforms. 

	










	A spokesperson for FUGA, a business-to-business tech and distribution platform, issued the following statement: “Late last year, FUGA was presented with the opportunity to release Vultures 1. Exercising our judgment in the ordinary course of business, we declined to do so.

	“On Friday, February 9, 2024, a long-standing FUGA client delivered the album Vultures 1 through the platform’s automated processes, violating our service agreement. Therefore, FUGA is actively working with its DSP partners and the client to remove Vultures 1 from our systems.”

	On Wednesday (Feb. 14), it was reported that the song “Good (Don’t Die)” was officially removed from Spotify after less than 4 days of streaming. As of Thursday morning, the track is still available on Apple Music, TIDAL, and YouTube. 

	“Good (Don’t Die)” interpolates Donna Summer’s 1977 hit “I Feel Love.” The late disco singer’s estate claimed the song was sampled without permission after the album’s release. “Kanye West… asked permission to use Donna Summer’s song I Feel Love, he was denied,” read the statement shared on Instagram. “He changed the words, had someone re sing it or used AI but it’s I Feel Love… copyright infringement!!!”

	At 16 tracks, VULTURES 1 features a handful of artists including North West, Freddie Gibbs, YG, Quavo, Playboi Carti, Travis Scott, Bump, Lil Durk, Rich The Kid, and Chris Brown.

	










	Production credits include JPEGMAFIA, Wheezy, 88-Keys, No I.D., London On Da Track, Digital Nas, Timbaland, Mustard, and the Chicago rapper himself. 

	Take a listen to VULTURES 1 by Kanye West and Ty Dolla $ign (while you can) below. 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.