Drake has been mostly laying low since the beef between him and Kendrick Lamar died down, but now that we’ve rolled into his birthday month, he seems to be lopping off the digital heads of his so-called “friends.”
Drake’s been making subtle but noticeable moves ahead of his well suspected comeback including unfollowing some notable people. According to Page Six, the “Nice For What” rapper has unfollowed LeBron James, Playboi Carti, Joe Budden, Diddy and DeMar DeRozan on Instagram.
Before you ask “why would Drake ever unfollow the LeBron James?!,” remember when The NBA legend was caught singing “Like That” during warmups. If that wasn’t enough, James and  Sacramento Kings player DeRozan both attended the “The Pop Out” in Compton. 
It’s no secret Lamar’s “Not Like Us” took over this summer, and after “The Pop Out” concert— where Lamar performed the diss turned smash hit five times— and after Lamar was announced as next year’s Super Bowl Halftime performer, it seems Drake might just be in his feelings.
Is this a petty move on Drake’s part? Maybe, but if your friends were caught buddied-up with your enemy, wouldn’t you be hurt too? In the words of Oprah Winfrey, when it comes to jealous people or fake friends, “you have to distance yourself or you have to cut that thing off.”
This wouldn’t be the first time Drake unfollowed someone because he didn’t like how they moved. Late last year, fans noticed he unfollowed Metro Boomin after the St. Louis producer wrote in a now deleted tweet that Drake’s “Her Loss” winning rap album of the year over Boomin’s “Heroes and Villians” is “proof that award shows are just politics and not for me,” he said.
Boomin would soon afterwards produce “Like That,” the song where both Future and Lamar diss Drake repeatedly and ignited the recent blow out feud between Drake and basically the entire music industry. 
Now, you might be wondering why any of this even matters, but just remember what month we’re in right now. The OVO king himself always makes big moves during his birth month, October, and this year probably won’t be any different. Already, he’s announced a collaboration album with his label mate, PARTYNEXTDOOR. 
In addition to that, Drake has been dropping music including songs like “Sideways” with DJ Gordo and “Housekeeping Knows” with Atlanta rapper Latto. So even though it might only look like a tantrum, Drake is clearly coming with something big even if he’s quiet about it.
The rapper, taking a page out of Beyoncé’s book, is known for his surprise music drops. And just like Queen Bey has taught us, you release your art only when you’re ready for the world to consume it.
Regardless of what Drake has in store, it’s time for all of us to get prepared for a OVO fall. Seasons are changing, but Drake’s hit-making skills sure haven’t!