As Travis Scott’s long-acclaimed Days Before Rodeo mixtape turns 10, fans are being handsomely rewarded with a full-fledged re-release that sees the Owl Pharaoh follow-up hitting all major streaming services.
It’s hard to overstate just how seismic the 2014 tape’s initial arrival was, with retrospect offering longtime listeners the benefit of seeing the extensive impact La Flame’s Rodeo prequel has had in the years since. The first taste of what was to come arrived in May of that year with the release of lead single "Don’t Play," which brought together The 1975 and Big Sean for what remains a bold and modern-sounding track, despite now being 10 years in the rearview. "Mamacita," released in the final days of 2014, featured Rich Homie Quan and Young Thug and notably remains a staple of Scott’s live set to this day.
You can now dive into Days Before Rodeo, either for the very first time or for the 1000th, via the streamer of your choice. As previously announced, the DBR anniversary re-release also includes an exclusive digital deluxe version of the album featuring unreleased bonus cuts. Scott is further commemorating the moment with vinyl, merch, and box sets through his own site.
Meanwhile, Utopia, Scott’s most recent album, has now spent 55 weeks on the Billboard 200 chart. The album has been supported by extensive global touring from Scott, who will be back on the road with his Circus Maximus experience early next month.
In November, Scott and Playboi Carti, who last year gifted the world their undeniable "Fe!n" collab, will headline ComplexCon in Las Vegas.
Listen to Days Before Rodeo over on Apple Music or Spotify.
music | BY Complex Staff
Travis Scott and Playboi Carti to Headline ComplexCon Las Vegas
music | BY Trace William Cowen
Video Shows Travis Scott Making His Way Through Crowd Atop Man's Shoulders
music | BY Trace William Cowen
Who Can Help Travis Scott Activate His Sidekick 3?
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.