Listen to new must-hear songs from emerging R&B/hip-hop artists like Naomi Sharon and Laila!

Billboard owned the past week in R&B and hip-hop with a weekend full of events celebrating the movers, shakers and tastemakers of both genres. Things kicked off with Thursday night’s (Sept. 5) 2024 R&B/Hip-Hop Power Players event, where Megan Thee Stallion and Playboi Carti were both honored as artist of the year. Rachelle Jean-Louis, manager to three-time Grammy winner Victoria Monét, took home executive of the year, and Teezo Touchdown scored rookie of the year honors.





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					A$AP Ferg		
					






















	
		
					AJ Tracey		
					






















	
		
					Armani Caesar		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	Speaking of Teezo, the Billboard-charting artist headlined Billboard Hip-Hop Live, a star-studded Friday night (Sept. 6) concert held at Xanadu Roller Arts in Bushwick featuring additional performances by BigXThaPlug and Bossman Dlow. Later that night, Ice Spice stopped by Billboard‘s official afterparty for a performance of her Billboard Hot 100 top 40 hit “Think U the Shit (Fart)” (No. 37). 

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	On Sunday night, R&B got some time to shine by way of an intimate No. 1’s party at The Box, where Usher (r&b entertainer of the year), Tyla (global force award), Lucky Daye (torchbearer award), Luther Vandross (icon award) and Monét (hitmaker award) were all honored. The R&B celebrations continue Monday night (Sept. 9) with a special one-night-only performance by Marsha Ambrosius at the Blue Note Jazz Club.

	Of course, the only piece of a R&B/hip-hop news to cut through Billboard’s jam-packed weekend was the announcement that Kendrick Lamar would be headlining the Super Bowl LIX halftime show. Cue “Not Like Us”!

	With Fresh Picks, Billboard aims to highlight some of the best and most interesting new sounds across R&B and hip-hop — from Powers Pleasant’s epic NY link-up to Laila’s guitar-backed album opener. Be sure to check out this week’s Fresh Picks in our Spotify playlist below.

Freshest Find: Powers Pleasant feat. A$AP Ferg & Armani Caesar, “Shmoke”

	For his latest single of 2024, Powers Pleasant brings together the respective lineages of A$AP Mob and Griselda to deliver a beautifully belligerent New York banger that blends moving gospel samples, a sleek Daft Punk flip and hip-rocking Jersey club breakdown. Even the “You don’t want smoke/ Bet that I do!” call-and-response in hook embodies the menacing playfulness that courses through nearly every decade of New York rap’s evolution. Powers’ soundscape is a busy one, but his commitment to modernizing the booming, grandiose aura of ’90s hip-hop keeps the vision clear. Of course, spirited performances from both Ferg and Armani don’t hurt either.

	










Toosii & Gunna,”Champs Élysées”

	It’s been over a year since “Favorite Song” became Toosii’s first Hot 100 top five hit, which means it’s time for a victory lap. “Look how I’m reachin’ my goals/ Whip it, uh, whip it, uh/ This here came right off the stove, uh/ Champs, Élysées, uh, she wanna shop for some clothes, uh,” he spits. Produced by Dson Beats, Vision EXE & Anthoine Walters, the song’s shimmering trap-inflected soundscape gives both Toosii and Gunna ample space to wax poetic about pursuing their biggest goals and dream women. “Champs Élysées” is the latest taste of Toosii’s forthcoming Jaded project, which marks his first full-length release since 2023’s Naujour.

Chow Lee & AJ Tracey, “I’m Not Really That Spiritual!”

	Chow Lee, one of the torchbearers of the sexy drill sound that has taken over the Empire State this year, just dropped off his Sex Drive project, and his across-the-pond collaboration with AJ Tracey is one of the standout moments. With “I’m Not Really That Spiritual,” the two rappers wholly embraces the innate hedonism that comes with the slizzy lifestyle. Chow raps, “I’m not really spiritual, I’m still gon’ tell my ex to suck my d–k in my interviews/ I’m not really lyrical, I’m just talkin’ my shit on the beat and it works.” Instead of working the defense to prove his sound and style worthy of respect, Chow simply presents himself — and he doesn’t really care if we take it or leave it. It’s the perfect amount of apathy to ground his laid-back delivery, which AJ complements nicely on his similarly debaucherous guest verse.

	










Naomi Sharon & DJ Snake, “Goodbyes (Myrrh)”

	Naomi Sharon’s ethereal “Myrrh” caught the ear of DJ Snake and he put his own spin on the Obsidian standout. Snake pushed the pace while trading stripped-down guitar strings for pulsating synths. The dance-leaning track has been airbrushed with a more vibrant aesthetic, which will get hips gyrating at the nightclub. Just don’t fall head over heels because “good times turn into goodbyes” eventually. Sharon just wrapped up opening up for Tems on her North American trek and the OVO singer should have more surprises in store for fans before the year expires.  

Laila!, “Talent Show”

	Whether you discovered Laila! through a viral TikTok or stumbled upon her Gap Year debut album, she’s happy you’re here for the journey. The 19-year-old introduces fans to her first LP literally with a raw performance from a talent show while she was in high school with her friend strumming on guitar. Laila! Shows off her vibrato vocals and singing range while ruminating about a faltered relationship that’s left her feeling “abused” and “misused.” And that’s just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to Laila!’s 17-track album. Mos Def’s daughter’s debut is well worth the price of admission for listeners. 

SleazyWorldGo feat. Rob 49, “I Like That”

	SleazyWorldGo’s More Than a Shooter album arrived on Friday (Sept. 6) with help steering the wheel from Gunna’s right-hand man Turbo, who serves as executive producer on the LP. The menacing “I Like That” connects Kansas City to New Orleans with Sleazy and Rob 49 narrating their unforgiving environments while coming up on the turbulent road to success. “If I squeeze, chopper float like a butterfly, the shots sting like a bee/ Way the choppa knock n—as out, I named this b—h Ali,” Sleazy raps while warning his opps. Mixing in some icy keys over thumping drums, this ominous cut passes the car test. 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.