Drake jokingly has beef with Playboi Carti's Instagram filter claiming that it's "racist." On his Instagram Story Monday (Feb. 26), Drake said, "Carti, this filter’s racist," in a video with him wearing the white hat.
He added in the caption that the filter seeks out light-skinned people like himself as he tries to use the filter on his darker-skinned friend in the video and it doesn't work.
"Unusually bias Carti filter that detects light skins wtf kind of technology is this?!??" he asked.
Carti has yet to comment back on Drake's concern.
Drake also took some heat for another post he made onto his Instagram Story Monday. The For All The Dogs rapper posted a photo of Tory Lanez with the caption, "3 you."
The post angered Megan Thee Stallion fans. Lanez was convicted last year of shooting Megan Thee Stallion in the foot in 2020.
"A few years ago Drake was dissing Tory Lanez. A couple years ago Tory Lanez was talking about how he sent Drake records he wanted a feature on a Drake ain’t respond. But this n---- shot a woman and got convicted, and all of a sudden, he’s Drake’s bottom bitch. K," one Megan supporter wrote.
"Of all the actual social causes Drake has stayed silent on, defending Tory Lanez is a weird hill to die on.Again I say this: A lot of women are too concerned with the women their man is following & not concerned enough about the men their man is following," another fan wrote.
"Drake’s been so vocal about his disdain for tory lanez and now this. but when we say men unite solely to perpetuate the abuse of women we’re wrong," another fan responded to the Instagram Story.
Lanez is to serve his  in prison after his bail motion was denied back in September.
Shannon Sharpe's Club Shay Shay is one of the hottest podcasts out. The former NFL Hall of Famer and sports analyst uses his wit, personality, and cultural knowledge to engage in meaningful discussions with his high-profile guests.
Prior to Club Shay Shay, Sharpe was on FOX's Undisputed with Skip Bayless. The show began in 2017, and Sharpe left in 2023 after "escalating tensions" between him and Bayless.  Sharpe is also a co-host on Night Cap with former NFL player Ocho Cinco.
If you didn't know about Club Shay Shay before, Katt Williams'interview in January was most likely your introduction. Williams left no stone unturned. The comedian took shots at Kevin Hart, Rickey Smiley, Steve Harvey, Cedric The Entertainer, Ludacris, and even Tyler Perry caught a stray. Most of the celebs responded to Williams' attacks including him calling Hart a "industry plant," Perry and Smiley "can't play men to save their lives," and how most of the comedians had "weird light skin wives." Out of all the replies, Ludacris and Williams trading diss tracks were not part of any of our 2024 bingo cards.
Luda served Williams a freestyle over Kanye's "Devil In A New Dress" after he said he "ended up with a light-skinned ugly-face wife" and that he was a part of the Illuminati.
"Whatever’s heavy on my heart is always on my mind / Like Snoop [Dogg]’s cannabis shredder, I’m always on my grind / They throwing shade ‘cause n— could never take my shine / I bring my watch collection on my jet, let me take my time / Never been Illuminati, only Ill-Luda-nati," he continued. "And I only left with bitches when coming from any party / Now I’m married with kids, the evolution of life / Never been a clout chaser, never say s–- for likes / RIP John Singleton / You never have to flex when you earned every one of your Fast and Furious checks / Afro with the sideburns, yeah that’s my signature / Addiction’s on the rise, comedians check your temperature."
Williams came back with a diss track for Luda as he briefly stepped into his rapper era.
"I’m coming for your number one spot/ One of us a killer and the other one is not/ One of us the realest and the other one a fraud," Williams rapped, referencing Luda's 2004 single "Number One Spot" over a piano instrumental beat.
"Oh Chris, I wish it never came to this/ And you pissed rapper free for the first time but you dissin’ this/The wrong side of history and a time like this/ So so Ludacris," he continued.
Take a look at the interview here. And have a look at our list: here's who we think Sharpe should interview next:
Jay-Z is possibly gearing up for his 14th studio album, and <em>Club Shay Shay</em> could be the couch where he makes the announcement. If the Brooklyn native were to release an album, it would follow his Grammy-nominated LP <em>4:44</em>, which dropped in 2017. He said he isn't dismissing the idea of doing an album, so it's still possible. While Jay doesn't do interviews, he shared several gems about his upbringing, Roc Nation, and his records with Gayle King late last year, so being open won't be a problem for the rap legend.
Drake is another rap star who doesn't do sit-down interviews often, but it always goes viral when he does. Drake released<em> For All The Dogs: Scary Hours Edition</em> last year, and while Universal Music Group (which Drake is an artist signed under) has pulled several of his songs from TikTok, it would be interesting to see what are Drake's views on the topic. The Toronto rapper has also had some viral moments recently, such as an alleged NSFW video, taking shots at the Grammys, and always planting seeds about retirement. While he's currently on tour, it wouldn't be a bad idea for Sharpe to hit Drake up after he's back from the road.
If there is anyone on this list who will give him views similar to Katt Williams's, it's Kanye. The Chicago native is always in the headlines because of his controversial statements. On the music side, he just dropped an album with Ty Dolla $ign, <em>Vultures</em>, on Feb. 9. The two are also expected to headline Rolling Loud in March, and knowing Ye something viral is bound to happen.
Fans have been desperately waiting for a sophomore album from Cardi but still have not heard any official announcement. It would be interesting to have the Bronx native spill the title or release date on <em>Club Shay Shay.</em> Her last album, <em>Invasion of Privacy</em>, dropped in 2017. Besides music, fans would be interested to know about her and Offset's relationship and what she's up to next.
Megan Thee Stallion is entertaining on her own, but we believe she and Sharpe can have a viral episode on their hands if she takes a seat on his brown leather couch. The rapper is gearing up for a new album and tour this summer, so she could give the former NFL star some inside scoop. Besides music, fans want to know about her dating life, her ongoing beef with Nicki Minaj, and how she's coping amid Tory Lanez's conviction. Plus, Sharpe already went viral mentioning how attractive he thinks she is, so at this point, he owes her a guest slot.
Nicki is not scared to say what's on her mind. The rap star currently has beef with Megan Thee Stallion and Cardi B, so maybe Sharpe can persuade her to bury the hatchet or get to the root of the feuds. The Queens native just dropped her fifth studio album so we most likely won't be getting any new music but she might be able to give up some tour secrets. Nicki is about to embark on her <em>Pink Friday 2</em> tour in March so Sharpe would need to give the rapper a call quickly.
Diddy has not had a formal interview about the lawsuits accusing him of sexual assault and harassment in the past. Sharpe would be able to let the rap mogul explain his side of the allegations. It would be interesting to find out what Diddy has been up to as he has maintained a low profile online. Sharpe can also question the Bad Boy Records founder about how the allegations have impacted his relationship with Yung Miami, his family, and more.
50 is not one to hold back, and after watching Kat Williams's interview, Sharpe does not mind his guests starting controversies. 50 has had beef with over 10 celebs so him talking about the past would be an interesting topic. He also uses social media to talk about his opinion -- which is often controversial -- on popular pop culture moments. On the business side, the rapper-turned-mogul always has a new project going on so he can speak about what he has coming up next in the <em>Power</em> universe.
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!