By ALESIA STANFORD FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  16:39, 19 February 2024   |  Updated:  18:57, 19 February 2024   
 555
View  comments
Madonna put her legendary showmanship on full display over the weekend following a mishap at her concert. 
The singer, 65, who just released a music video teaser with The Weeknd and Playboi Carti, took a tumble onstage during a show on her Celebration Tour at Seattle's Climate Pledge Arena.
Video shared by fans at the Madonna Culture TikTok Instagram page shared video of what happened. 
The Grammy winner was sitting in a chair as part of the choreography for Open Your Heart.
The dance moves call for a dancer to pull the chair back toward the main stage, but apparently the high heels they were wearing caused them to slip and the dancer and Madonna landed on the ground with their legs in the air. 
Madonna, 65,  put her legendary showmanship on full display over the weekend.  The singer took a tumble while performing Open Your Heart at the Climate Pledge Arena in Seattle
After being off-kilter for a moment, Madonna turned over on her stomach and gave a little laugh, which endeared her to the crowd. 
Another member of the crew came forward and helped her up to another chair.
The hitmaker tried to continue the performance, and issued a mild expletive when she realized was sitting on the chair the wrong way and turned around.
Another dancer dragging a chair with her came up to the singer and gave Madonna a hug and a little grind before moving along. 
The artist tried to move on, but the commotion was still having an effect on her, and she told the crowd 'S**t, I forgot the words.'
She recalled the lyrics and the choreography pretty quickly after that and finished the song.
After video of the incident became public, fans could only express their admiration.
'She is a freaking pro.. All her efforts to entertain us.. You gotta love her.. She's Incredible,' wrote one commenter. 
Both Madonna and a dancer landed on the stage with their legs in the air after the dancer's high heels slipped while he was pulling a chair she was sitting in as part of the choreography
After being off-kilter for a moment, Madonna turned over on her stomach and gave a little laugh, which endeared her to the crowd
Another member of the crew came forward and helped her up to another chair. The artist tried to move on, but the commotion was still having an effect on her, and she told the crowd 'S**t, I forgot the words' and took a moment before finishing the song
'And no one will dare say anything bad about her fall because she owned it and saved it with that cheeky laugh of hers!' exclaimed another. 
Madonna was hospitalized for a severe bacterial infection in June during which doctors put her in a medically induced coma to help battle the illness. 
The singer had to postpone the beginning of the tour, which was scheduled for July and kicked it off in October at O2 stadium. 
The tour is scheduled to conclude April 26 in Mexico City at the Palacio de los Deportes.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group