Travis Gibson, Digital Executive Producer
Published: January 15, 2024 at 2:49 PM
Updated: January 15, 2024 at 2:56 PM
Travis Gibson, Digital Executive Producer
JACKSONVILLE, Fla. – A 19-year-old Florida man who was arrested last week in Volusia County faces federal charges after he was accused of stealing at least $800,000 from five different victims between August 2022 and March 2023.
According to the indictment, Noah Urban and others would steal victims’ personal information and arrange for the victims’ cell phone numbers to be swapped to phones that Urban and the other conspirators controlled. They would then use that to get control of the victims’ cryptocurrency accounts by resetting passwords and confirming via text message passwords.
Recommended Videos
That’s something known as “SIM swapping,” according to the FBI.
The indictment said Urban would then take cryptocurrency from the victims’ crypto exchange accounts and transfer it to his crypto wallet.
But Urban isn’t just an accused crypto thief, according to reports.
The indictment said one of Urban’s aliases is “King Bob,” a reference to the “Minions” movie, and according to multiple reports, King Bob is also a notorious music leaker who has been linked to leaking the unreleased music of huge artists like Playboi Carti, Ariana Grande and Lil Uzi Vert. Those accusations were not included in the indictment and News4JAX was not able to independently verify the reports.
Ariana Grande reacts to more of her music being leaked and shared online:“this is so disheartening. i was going to come back to this hook to use eventually. i don't know how people are still doing this but please stop.” pic.twitter.com/ZHh8pTLtxE
Prosecutors also said Urban went by the name “Gustavo Fring,” a reference to the character portrayed by Giancarlo Esposito in the popular “Breaking Bad” franchise.
If convicted, Urban faces up to 20 years in federal prison on each wire fraud charge. He also faces a minimum mandatory penalty of 2 years in prison for the aggravated identity offenses which will run consecutive to any other prison sentence imposed.
An indictment is merely a formal charge that a defendant has committed one or more violations of federal criminal law, and every defendant is presumed innocent unless, and until, proven guilty.
Copyright 2024 by WJXT News4JAX - All rights reserved.
Digital Executive Producer who has lived in Jacksonville for over 30 years and helps lead the News4JAX.com digital team.
email
twitter
Click here to take a moment and familiarize yourself with our Community Guidelines.
Recommended Videos
TV Listings
Email Newsletters
RSS Feeds
Contests and Rules
Contact Us
Careers at WJXT / WCWJ
Closed Captioning / Audio Description
WJXT Public File
WJXT EEO Report
WCWJ Public File
WCWJ EEO Report
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Do Not Sell My Info
FCC Applications
Cookie Preferences
If you need help with the Public File, call (904) 393-9801
At WJXT, we are committed to informing and delighting our audience. In our commitment to covering our communities with innovation and excellence, we incorporate Artificial Intelligence (AI) technologies to enhance our news gathering, reporting, and presentation processes. Read our article to see how we are using Artificial Intelligence.
Copyright © 2025 News4JAX.com is managed by Graham Digital and published by Graham Media Group, a division of Graham Holdings.