By 

	Ethan Millman


Drake has surprise released a trio of new songs through his burner Instagram account @plottttwistttttt on Friday, weeks after he leaked three other songs earlier this month.

	The new songs are titled ““Circadian Rhythm,” “SOD,” and “No Face,” the latter of which features Playboi Carti. “SOD” appears to be the same song as “Supersoak,” the track that Lil Yachty had originally leaked to Twitch streamer Kai Cenat last month. Yachty said that there were sample clearance issues on the track as creator Mr. Hotspot had religious objections over the sample use. Yachty as been completely removed from the version that Drake shared on Friday.

	The three tracks are just the latest in a cryptic rollout of new music from the rapper. Earlier this month, he shared several other unreleased songs — “It’s Up,” featuring Young Thug and 21 Savage, “Blue Green Red,” and “Housekeeping Knows,” featuring Latto — along with behind the scenes videos, and unreleased cover art on the website 100gigs.org. 

	











	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Elon Musk: It Is ‘Outrageous’ to ‘Claim That I’m a Nazi’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Toby Keith's Horse Raced in the Kentucky Derby: How Did Render Judgment Do?		
	








	The songs break up a quiet summer for Drake, who’s been relatively low key since his public rap beef with Kendrick Lamar, whose vicious “Not Like Us” diss track became the one of the biggest songs of the summer and spent two weeks atop the Hot 100.

	It’s unclear if or when Drake’s new songs will be made available for purchase or on streaming services. A rep for Drake didn’t immediately respond to Rolling Stone‘s request for comment. 
A post shared by @plottttwistttttt
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.