Doja's Scarlet LP arrived in 2023, but there's another chapter on the horizon. 

													By
												

	Michael Saponara


Doja Cat is teasing her next era. With as much as a one word tweet, the superstar artist got her fans riled up on Thursday night (Oct. 24).

	“Album,” she succinctly wrote without any context to X. She didn’t provide any follow-up so plenty of ecstatic fans flooded her replies with hopes and suggestions for Doja regarding the supposed album.

	“WE NEED ARIANA GRANDE ON IT,” one person wrote. Another hopeful fan of King Vamp responded: “PLAYBOI CARTI BETTER BE ON IT.”





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	





		Explore	

















	
		
					Doja Cat		
					


See latest videos, charts and news



See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news
album

	The viral tweet boasts over 100,000 likes as Doja appears to be in album mode. She has remained low on the music side in recent months following the arrival of her Scarlet 2 CLAUDE deluxe edition in May. 

	Doja Cat’s last album Scarlet followed 2021’s hit-spawning Planet Her. The project was released in September 2023 and reached No. 4 on the Billboard 200 and hit No. 2 on the Top Rap Albums chart.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	“Scarlet is a very, to put it simply, quite an angry project,” she told Jack Harlow in September. “I think the point of that album was to showcase anger and how it processes through my mind, but also it’s about coming to your own defense and love. It’s sort of my ‘Why I oughta!’ moment of squaring up with everyone and defending myself, telling myself that I’m here for me, and not just for everybody else’s enjoyment.”

	Perhaps Doja could link up with LISA. The BLACKPINK star recently opened up about her hopes to team up with the “Paint the Town Red” rapper for her next duet. 

	“But for now that I can think of, Doja Cat. I love her,” Lisa said of the list of other musicians she’d like to join forces with. “Doja Cat, for sure, is my next goal.”

	Doja has still been busy on the performance side. Last month, The Grammy-winning artist headlined New York City’s Global Citizen Festival where she implored fans to use their voice and speak out against injustices around the world. 

	“Right now, millions of men, women and children in Gaza, Ukraine, Sudan, the Congo and all across the world, are suffering. In times like this, it is important to remember that we have the power to bring change, love light and hope to those who need it most,” she told the crowd. 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.