Who’s next on the list?
Drake reportedly unfollowed several stars on Instagram amid his feud with Kendrick Lamar, including LeBron James, Playboi Carti, Joe Budden and DeMar DeRozan.
According to several reports, the “God’s Plan” emcee, 37, kicked off the month of October by removing the aforementioned people from social media. 
While it’s unclear what prompted the move, several fans believe the Los Angeles Lakers star, 39, and the Sacramento Kings player, 35, got the boot because they attended Lamar’s star-studded Juneteenth concert over the summer. 
James was seen enjoying himself in the crowd as the Compton rapper performed several of his hit songs. 
Meanwhile, DeRozan actually took the stage alongside Lamar and other stars when he performed his No. 1 Drake diss, “Not Like Us,” consecutively five times.
Though the “Hotline Bling” rapper — born Aubrey Graham — went on an unfollowing spree, as of this publication, he is still following Sean “Diddy” Combs, who is currently behind bars awaiting trial for sex trafficking and other charges. 
Shortly after this article was published, Drake unfollowed the disgraced rapper.
Page Six has reached out to Drake’s rep but did not immediately hear back.
The Toronto native and Lamar, also 37, have been at odds since March when the “Loyalty” rapper was featured on Future and Metro Boomin’s hit “Like That.”
Since then, the rappers have exchanged diss songs aimed at each other. 
Lamar has called out Drake, a mixed-race man, for using the N-word and allegedly liking underage girls. (Drake denied the claim.)
On the other hand, the “Degrassi” alum claimed Lamar has been cheating on longtime fiancée, Whitney Alford, and even questioned the paternity of his son.
The beef between Drake and Lamar came to a head when the latter released “Not Like Us,” which debuted at No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 and has remained in the Top 10 of the chart since its release in May.
In September, the “Humble” emcee was named to headline the Super Bowl LIX Halftime Show in February 2025. 
Over the weekend, Wack 100 claimed that Drake sent a cease and desist to Lamar to block him from performing “Not Like Us” at the big game. 
However, a rep for the “In My Feelings” rapper denied the claims, exclusively telling Page Six that it was simply “not true.”
Advertisement