The two last collaborated on "Popular" with Madonna from The Weeknd's HBO series The Idol.

													By
												

	Heran Mamo


The Weeknd announced Wednesday (Sept. 25) that he and Playboi Carti are officially releasing their “Timeless” collaboration on Friday.

	The two performed “Timeless” for the first time at The Weeknd’s one-night-only concert in São Paulo, Brazil earlier this month, where the Canadian-Ethiopian superstar performed his latest single “Dancing in the Flames,” his aptly titled “São Paulo” collaboration with Anitta, and more new songs from his upcoming album Hurry Up Tomorrow. 

	They last worked together on “Popular” alongside the Queen of Pop herself Madonna from The Weeknd’s HBO drama series The Idol, which reached No. 43 on the Billboard Hot 100 and No. 14 on Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs and was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America in June.

	“Timeless” is the second single to arrive ahead of The Weeknd’s Hurry Up Tomorrow album, which is the third and final installment of his After Hours / Dawn FM trilogy. Its predecessor, “Dancing in the Flames,” debuts at No. 14 on the Hot 100 this week (chart dated Sept. 28). Carti’s latest single “All Red,” from his forthcoming third studio album I Am Music, debuted at No. 15 on the all-genre songs tally and earned his first top 10 hit as a solo lead artist on Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs, reaching No. 3. The Atlanta rapper, and Billboard‘s recent cover star, earned his first Hot 100 No. 1 this year from his feature on Ye & Ty Dolla $ign‘s “Carnival,” also featuring Rich The Kid.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	See their official “Timeless” announcement below.
A post shared by Abel (@theweeknd)
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.