Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
Rich Homie Quan, a rapper from Atlanta, has tragically died aged 34, according to TMZ. No cause of death has been revealed yet, with Rich's family telling the publication they are 'desperately' searching for answers.
Relatives added they are “shattered and heartbroken by his sudden death". The musician, whose real name is Dequantes Devontay Lamar, is famed for hits such as Type of Way and Ride Out. He was found in his home on Thursday (5 September).
A number of fans and friends paid tribute to the star following the news, with rapper Playboi Carti sharing a number of memories with him on Instagram Stories.
While fans flocked to his latest Instagram post, which was shared just two days ago, to write their condolences. "STILL IN DISBELIEF," wrote one user, as another said: "So many great talents leaving us way too soon".
Early reports, including one from MailOnline, have speculated that his cause of death may have been a drug overdose, but this has not been confirmed.
In May 2017, Rich Home Quan was charged with felony drug possession with the intent to distribute but the case was dismissed in 2019 following a lack of evidence, reports TMZ.
The tragedy is the second tragedy in the rap world this week, with the news that Fatman Scoop passed away aged 53 shared just a day after suffering a medical emergency on stage. His tour manager, Birch Michael, also known as Pure Cold, confirmed the death of Scoop, whose real name is Isaac Freeman.
"It is with the heaviest of hearts I announce the passing of Isaac Freeman III, known professionally as Fatman Scoop," a statement posted to Instagram on Saturday read. You taught me how to be the man I am today. I love you Scoop, Thank you so much for everything you gave to me."
Isaac was rushed to hospital on Friday night after he collapsed on stage mid-performance at the Town Centre Park in Hamden, Connecticut, leaving panicked concert-goers screaming.
The music star appeared to walk behind the stage before collapsing, as seen in a video obtained by TMZ. A performer on stage stopped the music as medical personnel could be seen performing chest compressions to the star behind the DJ booth. As the performer taking over the stage asked everyone how they were doing, one could be heard screaming: “We want to know what happened to Fatman Scoop!” while another exclaimed: “They’re doing CPR??”