Drake's "100 gigs" website has been updated with new content, including the latest three-pack he unleashed recently.
On Friday, Drizzy's website was uploaded with more files consisting of behind-the-scenes clips and early studio footage alongside the second three-pack EP that includes the songs "No Face" featuring Playboi Carti, "SOD," and "Circadian Rhythm." Most of the studio footage comes from 2013, when Drake was recording his third studio album, Nothing Was The Same.
In the Instagram Story of Drake's alleged finsta @plottttwistttttt, several posts were shared from the new drop, including Drake recording his hit song "Trophies."
The latest upload on 100gigs.org comes after three new songs from Drake were released on his alleged burner IG page. On the song "No Face," Drake had some room to drop some bars for the artists who had a problem with him this year.
"N****s got lit off the features I skated on / I gotta know, I gotta know / How you get lit off the n***a you hatin' on? / Numbers untouchable, they got the data wrong / This is the moment I know they been prayin' on / What? Ayy, what? Ayy / Try knock The Boy off, but fuck it, I'm stayin' on," Drake raps on the song.
Earlier this month, the 100gigs.org site went live and included a truckload of content from Drake's career over the years. The first upload also included three songs featuring collaborations with Latto, 21 Savage, and Young Thug.
music | BY Alex Ocho
Nelly Furtado Says Drake Had to Convince Her to Sing “I’m Like a Bird” at 2022 OVO Show
music | BY Trey Alston
Mustard Suggests He’s Done Making Music With Drake, Calls Him a ‘Strange Guy'
music | BY Joe Price
Benny the Butcher and Drake's "Buffalo Freestyle" Has Allegedly Been Removed From Streaming
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.