This project is West's first since his 2021 album Donda.

													By
												

	Carl Lamarre


Kanye West has finally delivered his elusive album Vultures 1 alongside Ty Dolla $ign.

	The much-delayed joint project arrived early Saturday morning (Feb. 10) follows the pair’s listening party at New York’s UBS Arena. It includes features by Future, Lil Baby, Playboi Carti, Freddie Gibbs, North West and more. The set appears to be released under Ye’s Yzy brand, marking the rapper’s first without the backing of Universal Music Group or Def Jam.

	The double-digit effort boasts previously released single “Vultures” with Bump J and Durk. Ye and Ty recently released another video where they twinned with their daughters and tugged on the heartstrings of fans for the “Talking/Once Again” clip. 

Vultures 1 marks the first project for West since his string of hate speech and antisemitic remarks, which resulted in companies such as Adidas and Def Jam distancing themselves from the 46-year-old rapper. 

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	In late January, Ye dropped a trailer revealing that Vultures will be released in three different volumes, with the first originally scheduled to arrive on Feb. 9, and the others following suit on March 8 and April 5. He later confirmed the dates and various album covers in a post to his Instagram Story. The first volume was originally supposed to be released in October, but continued to get pushed back, first to December, and later into the new year.

Vultures 1 is Ye’s first album since the release of his 2021 album Donda, which won a pair of Grammys the following year, most notably best rap song for “Jail.” As for Ye and Ty, their collaborations date back to Ty’s “Ego Death” (2020), Ye’s “Everything We Need” (2019), “Real Friends” (2016), and “Only One” (2014). 

	Listen to Vultures 1 below. 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.