The second instalment of the 'Vultures' album trilogy was originally due in March
Kanye West has announced that ‘Vultures 2’ – his highly anticipated second collaborative album with Ty Dolla $ign – will be out next week.
Back in February February, Ye and Dolla $ign released the long-awaited debut collaborative project ‘Vultures 1’ – which featured verses from the former’s daughter North West, YG, Playboi Carti, Freddie Gibbs, and more. The LP was the first instalment in the ‘Vultures’ trilogy, with the two sequels originally set to be released March 8 and April 5, respectively.
This week, West sat down with social media icon Justin Laboy for the first-ever episode of The Download – a new podcast exclusively on the Yeezy website. Nearing the end of their conversation, Laboy asked Ye when will ‘Vultures 2’ be released – to which he replied: “It’s coming out May 3.”
Laboy then pressed if the release date was “for sure” and “stamped”, to which West replied “Yeah.”
VULTURES 2 
MAY 3RD, CONFIRMED BY YE pic.twitter.com/KaZQOTYZQM
— Donda Times (@dondatimes) April 22, 2024
Last month, Ye told a fan that the rest of the ‘Vultures’ album trilogy may not be on digital streaming sites, likening those platforms to pirating.
West’s move might be influenced by the controversial release of ‘Vultures 1’. The album was released after multiple delays and was briefly pulled from Apple Music and iTunes after not being approved by its distributor.
Both Ozzy Osbourne and the estate of Donna Summer accused West of sampling their music without permission, causing Osbourne to threaten legal action against him and  Summer’s estate to file a lawsuit.
Despite ‘Vultures 1’’s tumultuous release, the album topped the Billboard 200 albums chart in its first two weeks and its single ‘Carnival’ peaked at Number Two on the Billboard Hot 100.
Elsewhere in interview with Laboy, the controversial rapper-producer also chimed in on the ongoing rap battle between Kendrick Lamar, J. Cole and Drake. On The Download, Ye previewed what would have been his verse on the remix of Metro Boomin and Future‘s ‘Like That’ and, in one stanza, took shots at Drake for the huge 2022 deal he signed with UMG.
The longstanding feud between Drake and Kanye West can be traced back to January 2011, culminating in 2018 when Ye dropped the infamous ‘Lift Yourself’. It was reported that Drake wanted the beat for ‘Lift Yourself’ but the Chicago star used it before he could.
The ‘College Dropout’ star also commented on the Dreamville Records founder retracting his response to Lamar’s ‘Like That’ verse. Last month, J. Cole released his fourth mixtape ‘Might Delete Later’ which hosted ‘7 Minute Drill’ that included shots at Lamar. Cole later said he regretted releasing the song and has since removed it from streaming platforms.
“Fuck all that pussy shit,” West said. “Fuck all that shit. Because, like that n**** J. Cole went on tour with Drake, he know[s] what it is. Like, n****, you can’t run now. It’s you also.”
In other news, West was accused of punching a man in the face who had allegedly “sexually assaulted” his wife Bianca Censori in Los Angeles.
This week also saw it emerge that West was apparently “dead set” on setting up a ‘Yeezy Porn Studio’, according to new reports.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.