"Never thought I’d hear Lightning McQueen saying he’s feining for more"
Owen Wilson joined Travis Scott on stage at his headline Rolling Loud Festival slot to perform ‘FE!N’.
Fans captured footage of Wilson stepping onto the stage to embrace Scott during their performance of the 2023 hit. In the video, the duo appeared to dominate the stage, with Wilson taking in the energy of the massive crowd.
READ MORE: How did Rolling Loud festival become the “Disney World of hip-hop”?
Watch fan-captured footage of the moment below:
Owen Wilson just performed ‘FE!N’ with Travis Scott.
"I’m feining for more!!!” – Owen Wilson pic.twitter.com/Cm43O15qVV
— DiscussingFilm (@DiscussingFilm) December 15, 2024
The video has been doing rounds on Reddit, after user Bris_23 posted it and highlighted in the caption that Wilson is starring opposite Matt Rife in a new comedy movie called Rolling Loud. 
One fan wrote under the video of Scott and Wilson, posted to the Travis Scott subreddit page, “never thought I’d hear Lightning McQueen saying he’s feining for more”.
According to Deadline, the film is inspired by a true story and follows an overprotective father (Wilson) who goes to the hip-hop festival with his 13-year-old son and reckless co-worker (Rife).
Written and directed by Jeremy Garlick of American High, the upcoming R-rated film sets to celebrate the festival’s 10th anniversary. Filming for Rolling Loud kicked off at the festival over the weekend, meaning that Wilson’s appearance on stage with Scott might appear in the movie.
In other Rolling Loud Festival news, Playboi Carti is set to play the entirety of his upcoming album at the festival later today (December 15). The Atlanta rapper has been teasing his third studio album, prospectively titled ‘I Am Music’, for several years, and has said it will be released before the end of the year.
Carti’s collective Opium posted on Instagram on November 27: “Miami ten year anniversary – I Am Music will b played – Kant wait to see yal MFs nah fr”.
In other Travis Scott-related news, he was announced as one of the headliners for Reading and Leeds Festival 2025 – alongside Chappell Roan, Bring Me The Horizon and Hozier.
Elsewhere on the bill are the likes of AJ Tracey, Becky Hill, Sammy Virji, Trippie Redd, Amyl And The Sniffers, Conan Gray, The Kooks, The Dare, and Enter Shikari.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.