It’s still scorching hot in many parts of the world, but these celebrities decided to cool off with some new ice.
Jay-Z was the first person ever to wear an exclusive timepiece by Jacob & Co. Ferg paid homage to ASAP Yams with an incredible new chain. Even WNBA superstar Caitlin Clark got some new ice last month.
Take a closer look at the top five pieces of custom jewelry unveiled throughout August 2024, below.
Jeweler: GLD
Indiana Fever rookie Caitlin Clark usually lets her play do the talking. She isn’t the flashiest dresser off the court, but she did add a custom necklace to her repertoire in August. Clark got an iced-out “22” pendant to represent her jersey number. Crafted by GLD, it features 1,000 VVS diamonds. Clark was inspired by her teammate Erica Wheeler, who has a similar number chain from the Miami-based jewelry company. The Fever aren’t competing for a championship this season, so Clark will have to wait a bit to add some championship ring to her jewelry collection, but this is a nice start.
Jeweler: Jewelry Unlimited
Jewelry Unlimited has become Playboi Carti’s go-to jeweler as of late. Throughout 2024, we’ve seen the rapper flaunt custom Rolexes and blue grill from the Atlanta-based jeweler. The latest creation we’ve seen from Carti is a diamond-encrusted belt buckle in the shape of the Opium logo. The buckle is attached to a red patent leather belt. Like Carti’s other recent customs, the piece was designed with tattoo artist SEX IS DEATH. Carti, SEX IS DEATH, and jeweler Wafi Lalani are building quite the collection.
Jeweler: Gabby Elan
Mustard had a lot to celebrate this summer. Not only did he produce Kendrick Lamar’s West Coast anthem “Not Like Us,” he also released his latest studio album Faith of a Mustard Seed. He decided to hit up New York’s Gabby Elan to celebrate. Yellow pavé diamonds and an enamel painting of a Grey Poupon jar are some of the obvious references we see on the top half of this set. Sticking with the yellow theme, there are also carved gold caps resembling Jesus, enamel smiley faces, and suns across the upper row of teeth. The bottom gold set is accentuated with custom-cut diamonds. Quite the memento to mark Mustard’s legendary summer. Once again, Gabby Elan proves why they’re considered the best grill makers in the game.
Jeweler: Mavani x Devoni
Earlier this year, Ferg showed off one the best pieces of custom jewelry we’ve seen in 2024. His “Dead Homies” grill honored some of his close friends and family that he lost over the years. A few weeks ago, Ferg flaunted another piece of jewelry dedicated to one of his lost loved ones. During a video with The People Gallery, Ferg showed off the insane chain, which featured an enamel ASAP Yams wearing his signature rainbow Coogi sweater and riding a golden Pegasus. The three-dimensional pendant even spins. It hangs from a chain with links shaped like stars, moons, and hearts that incorporate the logo of Ferg’s brand, Devoni. We love a good tribute piece. Ferg went all out with this one. Long Live ASAP Yams.
Jeweler: Jacob & Co.
Few people on the planet may have a watch collection as crazy or as expensive as Jay-Z’s. We’ve mapped some of it out already if you need some evidence. The latest example of Hov’s impeccable wrist game comes courtesy of Jacob & Co. The legendary rapper pulled up to Fanatics Fest in New York City wearing a Bugatti Tourbillon. The watch is meant to mimic the look of the German luxury sports car with a black titanium case, sapphire details, complications designed to operate like a V16 engine, and dials to resemble its dashboard.
According to Jacob & Co. founder Jacob Arabo, Jay-Z is the first person in the world to own the watch, which is limited to just 150 total units. Considering its retail price of $340,000, that isn’t too surprising.
Fanatics
TAKASHI MURAKAMI + DODGERS SHIRT BLUE
Fanatics
TAKASHI MURAKAMI + DODGERS SHIRT WHITE
Fanatics
TAKASHI MURAKAMI + DODGERS SHIRT BLACK
Takashi Murakami
Takashi Murakami + MLB World Tour Tokyo Series 2025 Surippa Ohana Cubs
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.