"He doesn't know it, but he's been one of my main inspirations throughout my career," said Dre.

							By 

	Marc Griffin

Staff Writer, News

Dr. Dre gave Timbaland his flowers as a producer, labeling him “one of the best to ever do it.” The two music icons appeared at Sotheby’s Iovine and Young Center for High School Education Benefit Auction on Tuesday (Feb. 27). Both men stood on stage as Dre showed love to the Virginia musician, thanking him for his contributions to the culture. The West Coast icon then went on to call him “one of his biggest inspirations” to his career. 

	“This guy is so fantastic, man. One of my inspirations. He doesn’t know it, but he’s been one of my main inspirations throughout my career,” Dre expressed. “Can you believe the amount of songs this muthaf**ka has recorded? I was just back here talking to James Corden and he was like, ‘Listen, I didn’t know he produced that.'”

	










	“I really appreciate you coming out and handling this business for us. Thank you, Timbaland. One of the best ever. Point blank. Period.”
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Kendrick Lamar Called "Hypocrite" For Performing With "Deadbeat" Playboi Carti After Dissing Drake		
			






A post shared by Timbo the King (@timbaland)

	Timbo was in complete awe of the moment. Later, he uploaded a clip of the commemorative event. “Man, this moment rite here is everything to me !!!! If anybody know me Dr. Dre is my hero !!!!!! What a night!!!” he captioned the post.

	The Grammy award-winning artist also included pictures of himself with Dre and music mogul Jimmy Iovine. 

	And Timbo isn’t slowing down anytime soon. On Monday (Feb. 26), the producer took to X/Twitter to reveal that Kanye West and Ty Dolla $ign‘s Vultures Vol. 2 was on the way. “Like I said, ‘Vulture Vol. 2’ OTW,” he typed on the platform. Timbo recently worked on Vultures Pt. 1, producing beats for “Keys To My Life” and “Fuk Sumn,” featuring Playboi Carti and Travis Scott. 

	Ye and Ty Vultures Pt. 1 was released in February. The long-awaited LP debuted at the No. 1 spot on the Billboard 200. 
Like I said Vulture Vol 2 OTW ??
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.