Other artists announced include Ice Spice, J Hus and Future
The first wave of artists set to perform at the 2024 edition of Wireless Festival have been announced, with Nicki Minaj, 21 Savage and Doja Cat leading the line-up. Find ticket details below.
For this year’s instalment, the iconic London festival will return to its new space in Finsbury Park and span across three days. Kicking off on July 12 and running until July 14, the first run of artists have been confirmed and pre-sale options are available here.
Leading the way for 2024 is rap icon Nicki Minaj, who will be returning to the UK capital as the headliner for the first night of the festival. The announcement comes following the recent release of her latest LP, ‘Pink Friday 2’ – her fifth LP and sequel to her exuberant 2010 debut ‘Pink Friday’.
Others set to perform on the opening night include Future, Ice Spice, Sean Paul and Vanessa Bling.
Also announced as part of the line-up for this year is 21 Savage, who will be headlining the Saturday edition and dropped his third solo record ‘American Dream’ earlier this month. Discussing the new announcement and his upcoming debut headline slot at the London festival, he said: “I’m so happy to be returning home to the UK and headlining Wireless for the very first time.”
Rapper Future performs during “On Big Party Tour” at FLA Live Arena on March 17, 2023 in Sunrise, Florida. (Photo by Prince Williams/Wireimage)
Joining him as part of the packed Saturday line-up include artists such as J Jus – who will also be headlining the festival for the first time – as well as Asake, Sexyy Red, Gunna, Fridayy and Skillibeng.
Finally, Doja Cat will be taking on the headline slot for the last day of the 2024 instalment. She will be joined by Rema, Tyla, Digga D, Uncle Waffles and more. General tickets for Wireless Festival 2024 go on sale this Wednesday (January 31) at 10am GMT and will be available here.
The second wave of artists set to appear is scheduled to be announced shortly. You can check out the current list of acts confirmed below.
Friday, July 12
Nicki Minaj
Future
Ice Spice
Sean Paul
Vanessa Bling
Veeze
Ragz Originale
DJ Target
Remi Burgz
Saturday, July 13
21 Savage
J Hus
Asake
Gunna
Sexyy Red
Fridayy
Skillibeng
Byron Messia
Shallipopi
Strandz
Kenny Allstar
Seani B
Sunday, July 14
Doja Cat
Rema
Tyla
Digga D
Uncle Waffles
Ruger
Teezo Touchdown
Nadia Jae
Snoochie Shy
Ice Spice performs onstage during iHeartRadio Power 96.1’s Jingle Ball 2023 at State Farm Arena on December 14, 2023 in Atlanta, Georgia. (Photo by Derek White/Getty Images)
Last year it was confirmed that Wireless Festival would be relocating to London’s Finsbury Park, and set to take place there every summer until 2027.
It was previously arranged on a year-by-year basis with past venues including Hyde Park, Harewood House and the Queen Elizabeth Olympic Park, but was altered following Haringey Council signing a five-year deal with Festival Republic, the promoter of Wireless. The move was made to raise “significant income’ for North London as well as boost the local economy.
Last year’s Wireless Festival took place at Finsbury Park between July 7-9. Travis Scott, Playboi Carti and D-Block Europe were named as UK exclusive headliners.
Other artists on the bill included Lil Uzi Vert, Headie One, Joey Bada$$, Lil Durk, Popcaan, Lola Brooke and Glorilla.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.