Rich the Kid’s latest album Life’s a Gamble is here.
Executive produced by Kanye West and Ty Dolla Sign, the 17-track offering boasts an A-list roster of features, including Ye and Ty themselves, as well as Peso Pluma, Offset, French Montana, Chief Keef, BIA, and Quavo, among others.
Life’s a Gamble follows the success of Ye and Ty’s Vultures album cut “Carnival,” which features Rich and Playboi Carti. The song became Rich the Kid’s first No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100.
Life’s a Gamble marks Rich’s first solo album since 2020’s Boss Man, which included features from Lil Baby, Nicki Minaj, Post Malone, Lil Tjay, YoungBoy Never Broke Again, and more.
Yeezy recently made headlines for revealing his plans to retire. Earlier this month, he told Rich he’s quitting music, explaining he doesn't know what else to do with his career.
"I am retiring from professional music. Not sure what else to do," he texted Rich.
In response, Rich said, "Retire? Why? How? The ppl NEED you. The music you & Ty & we have made was the BIGGEST STAMP in culture to this date. In 2024. Drop Ye about mine & V2 and we do it all over again, the kids need you, big bra, fasho. Maybe some time to chill but retiring ain't it."
Almost immediately after, Rich quote-tweeted news of the retirement texts and wrote, "ACTUALLY WE DROPPING FRIDAY 😂 7/19."
And lo and behold, Ye ended up on the album not once but twice. Stream Life's a Gamble here.
music | BY Mark Elibert
Ye Tells Rich the Kid He's Retiring From Professional Music: 'Not Sure What Else to Do'
music | BY Mark Elibert
Central Cee's Ex Girlfriend Accuses Him of Cheating on Her With Ice Spice
pop-culture | BY Jaelani Turner-Williams
'Divorce in the Black' Star Cory Hardrict Reacts to 0 Percent Rotten Tomatoes Score for New Tyler Perry Movie
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.