“He’s the fucking GOAT, so it felt like shooting for the stars,” the singer said of the rapper
Camilla Cabello has revealed that her new album will have not one but two Drake features within its tracklist.
Earlier this month, the ‘Havana’ singer announced her fourth studio album ‘C,XOXO‘ which is set for release on June 28. You can pre-order / pre-save it here. So far the singer has released its lead single ‘I Luv It’ featuring Playboi Carti and the recently released ‘He Knows’ featuring Lil Nas X.
Now, in a new Billboard cover story, Cabello revealed that the ‘Hotline Bling’ singer will be featured on two of her songs, with one of them being solely him on the track.
“He’s the fucking GOAT, so it felt like shooting for the stars,” she told the publication, adding that they connected when she slid into his DMs.  “I showed him the album when I felt comfortable enough and he really liked it. [The feature] came out of a nontransactional place. He had this idea of a song called ‘Hot Uptown,’ and it just felt like I was in the city. I was in Miami.”
A post shared by camila (@camila_cabello)
A post shared by camila (@camila_cabello)
Drake is also featured on ‘Uuugly’, a two-minute-long interlude that appears right after ‘Hot Uptown’.
“Why does he have his own song? Because selfishly, I just want to hear Drake on my own album,” Cabello said. “I love that for me — it’s like that rebellious mood. Who says I can’t do that? It’s Drake talking his shit.”
Speaking about her approach for creating the album while appearing as a guest on the Call Her Daddy podcast, the singer shared: “It’s really sitting in the discomfort of things and realizing there’s not gonna be a neat, in-a-box answer. I feel strong in these ways, weak in these ways, and there’s no real clear answer here.”
She continued: “But the album process has been such a journey. It started out with me having that intention of going back to how it started for me, which was just sitting with myself and really getting back to that first passion of songwriting. Nerding out over references and artists and poetry — whatever — and really tapping into that.”
Cabello’s last album, ‘Familia‘, came out in 2022, and she has said in the past that the record “saved my life”.
In a four-star review of ‘Familia’, NME described the album as “pin-sharp satire and ’emo’ anguish galore”, adding: “The Havana-born, Miami-raised singer wows with songs that explore anxiety, seething sexual jealousy and the loneliness of a long-distance relationship.”
In other news, Lana Del Rey recently spoke out about her friendship with Cabello, and quashed rumours about why she brought her out during her Coachella set.
The moment saw them come together to perform a rendition of the latter’s recent single ‘I LUV IT’, and caught some fans off guard as it was widely thought that it would be Taylor Swift who would be joining Del Rey as a guest on the night.
Some viewers also questioned why the headliner chose to bring out Cabello, particularly because the track they duetted is unlike anything in Lana Del Rey’s discography and not the obvious choice when it comes to a collaboration.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.