By AMY LAMARE FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  21:54, 24 July 2024   |  Updated:  22:10, 24 July 2024   
 44
View  comments
Iggy Azalea doesn't mean any 'disrespect' but she is 'very much a single mother.'
The Australian rapper, 34, sat down with Modern Family's Jesse Tyler Ferguson on his Dinner's On Me podcast to talk about parenting alone.
The Fancy singer touched on her life with four-year-old son Onyx, whom she shares with her ex-boyfriend, rapper Playboi Carti, 28.   
'I'm very much a single mother. I'm very much the only parent, no disrespect, but yes, I am not co-parenting really, and that's just the reality of it,' she said. 'It's one, it's 24/7.'
She also said that becoming a mother made her want to slow her life down and not travel so much. She wanted to prioritize being a parent.
Iggy Azalea doesn't mean any 'disrespect' but she is 'very much a single mother' she said this week; seen with her son
The Australian rapper, 34, sat down with Modern Family's Jesse Tyler Ferguson on his Dinner's On Me podcast, Playboi Carti seen here in 2020
'I no longer want to be traveling around everywhere. I want to take my son to school. I want him to have memories with me and give him that time,' she explained. 'It's really important to me.'
'I owe my success in large part to my mother because she spent so much time with me and she just really gassed me up and made me think I was a superwoman genius, dancer extraordinaire, painter extraordinaire, chef, whatever it was. 
'And it's important to me, even when my son's only 4, that I know I'm there, instilling that confidence in him and just helping guide him,' she said. 
'It's my job as a parent. I think if you're going to have a child, you should be prepared to do that and engage in that way. And I really want to. I toured two years with my son on a bus and it was time for that to end,' the rapper said.
Iggy and Carti met in 2018 while she was touring overseas. They broke up in October 2020, just a few months after Onyx was born.
Earlier this year, the Kream hitmaker revealed to fans that she had no intention of finishing her in progress album.  
She posted a lengthy statement on X (formerly Twitter) in January that said, in part: 'I've always been someone who finds my joy in being creative & seeing my ideas come to life. For a long time I used music to deliver my big crazy ideas to the world.'
'In truth what I've known for a long time is that I feel more passionately about design and creative direction than I do about songwriting,' she continued.
'That's why I want to let you know that I'm not going to finish my album. It's been paused for a few months while I was giving direction for a different project & in truth I just haven't felt the urge to go back to it.
'I feel really happy & passionate in my day to day life when my [mind's] focused on that and so I want to stick to what's undeniably best for me.' 
The Fancy singer dished on her life with four-year-old son Onyx, whom she shares with her ex-boyfriend, rapper Playboi Carti, 28
'I'm very much a single mother. I'm very much the only parent, no disrespect, but yes, I am not co-parenting really, and that's just the reality of it,' she said. 'It's one, it's 24/7'
She also said that becoming a mother made her want to slow her life down and not travel so much
'I no longer want to be traveling around everywhere. I want to take my son to school. I want him to have memories with me and give him that time,' she explained. 'It's really important to me'
That same month, she joined OnlyFans – after vowing to never be on the site – and she has since released a physical sex tape on her official merchandise store.
However, it's unclear if the VHS tape actually contains sexually explicit acts or if it's just a decorative piece of merch, but it has already completely sold out online.
After her change of heart, she is estimated to have earned millions from the racy subscription-based website, but has refused to reveal exactly how much.
Iggy last performed at the Adult Video News Awards in late January.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group