Rapper Iggy Azalea looked incredible as she stripped to a barely-there thong and let her black sparkly bra slip down off her shoulders.
The blonde bombshell laid herself almost bare on Instagram, lounging among a huge pile of daisy-shaped cushions. She donned a black string thong that rose high up on her hips and left her thighs and tummy totally bare.
On top, the Fancy hitmaker wowed in a black demi-bra featuring a U-shaped clasp and glittering silver straps that fell loose off Iggy’s shoulders – giving the impression she’d undone the back and was ready to shuck the whole garment off. With her intricate sleeve of tattoos on display, Iggy let her blonde tresses fall in loose waves over the pillows.
READ MORE: Scott Disick unrecognisable with ‘sunken’ face as he shows off epic weight loss
READ MORE: Click for more brilliant Daily Star showbiz stories
Iggy upped the ante with her glam make-up look, swiping on a light brown lipgloss and faux lashes to make her eyes pop. In another snap, she moved her legs slightly apart to show the black glittery fabric of her thong, which matched her bra with its silver string straps.
Iggy captioned her post with a series of hypnotised emojis as fans rushed to comment, with plenty simply stunned speechless and forced to post gushing emojis of their own. Someone else told Iggy: “Living for you boo!” while another fan echoed: “You are my sunshine.”
The songstress was soon back at it, this time in a cut-out mesh corset top that cinched in her tiny waist, and a pair of camo trousers. Her corset featured a solid black section over Iggy’s boobs and rose into a halter-neck strap, before dropping into a sheer cut-out section over her belly.
The star cheekily stuck out her tongue while snapping a selfie in the mirror, but the thirst trap didn’t stop there. Later, Iggy posed on the back of a boat in a yellow bikini and a cover-up that appeared to be made out of three scraps of fabric all tied together.
In a V-shaped pair of bikini bottoms and a plunging bra top, Iggy wrapped a flesh-coloured sarong around herself and a pair of geometric-print sunglasses while posing with one hand on her hip – unsmiling while taking in the lush greenery and perfect blue waters around her.
For more of the latest showbiz news from Daily Star, make sure you sign up to one of our newsletters here.
“Just relaxing…” she captioned her post. In later snaps she was accompanied by her son Onyx, who she welcomed with her ex Playboi Carti in 2020. Iggy admitted motherhood is “really hard”, but said her role is “super fulfilling”.
She told People magazine at the time: “I feel way more accomplished to know that I am able to do all these things at the same time. I like to spend the whole day with my son, and he doesn't go to bed until 7 o'clock. That's when the clock starts for me, whether it's in the studio or working on other creative projects.”
Follow Daily Star on Threads here.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.