Scott also performed the 'Utopia' album cuts "I Know" and "My Eyes."

							By 

	Preezy Brown

Hip-Hop Reporter

Travis Scott gave a raucous performance of “FE!N” at the 66th Annual Grammy Awards on Sunday evening (Feb. 4) at the Crypto Arena in Los Angeles. 

	The rapper began his set with his Utopia album cut “My Eyes,” rapping the lyrics while sitting solemnly atop a small mountain of blocks. A woman dressed in black emerges and begins dancing in a sensuous manner as Scott makes his way from his perch to the center of the stage. 

	Briefly engaging with the woman, the Houston native then switches the vibe with “I Know” before ending with his single “FE!N” featuring Playboi Carti. Beginning to rage on the stage, Scott uses prop chairs on the stage to channel his aggression, slamming them with force while Carti emerges to perform his portion of the track. 

	The set marked Scott’s second time performing at the award show, as the rapper previously delivered a medley of cuts from his Astroworld album during the 61st Grammy Awards in 2019. 

	










	His fourth studio album, Utopia, was also nominated in the Best Rap Album category, but lost to Killer Mike’s Michael album. Scott has been nominated for eight Grammy Awards throughout his career and won a Latin Grammy Award for Best Short Form Music Video for “TKN” with Rosalía.
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Kendrick Lamar Called "Hypocrite" For Performing With "Deadbeat" Playboi Carti After Dissing Drake		
			







	The 66th Annual Grammy Awards were hosted by Trevor Noah and featured performances from some of the biggest stars in music. In addition to Travis Scott, Dua Lipa, SZA, Billie Eilish, Brandy, Burna Boy, Stevie Wonder, Jon Batiste, and more hit the stage during the evening. SZA led all artists with nine nominations, with Victoria Monét falling closely behind with seven nominations.

	Killer Mike was the most awarded Hip-Hop artist of the evening, as his track “Scientists & Engineers” featuring André 3000, Future, and Eryn Allen Kane won Best Rap Song and Best Rap Performance. Other winners from the Hip-Hop community included Lil Durk and J. Cole, who took home the Best Melodic Rap Performance award for their hit single “All My Life.”

	Watch Travis Scott’s performance at the 66th Annual Grammy Awards below.
Travis Scott performs at the 2024 #Grammys pic.twitter.com/Mc7u7dfaY7
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.