By 

	Kalia Richardson


	Female rappers GloRilla and Yung Miami will perform at the 2024 BET Hip-Hop Awards. Joining them on one of Hip-Hop’s biggest nights are 310babii, 2 Chainz, Big Boogie, Bossman DLow, E-40, Juicy J, Roscoe Dash, Soulja Boy, and Trina. 

Travis Scott will receive the I Am Hip-Hop Award. The award is presented to artists who have made significant cultural and creative impacts in hip-hop. Scott also received six nominations this year, including a nod for Best Hip-Hop Video for “Type Shit” with Future, Metro Boomin, and Playboi Carti, and a nod for Song of the Year for the crowd-pleasing track “Fe!n” featuring Carti.

Megan Thee Stallion surpasses the honoree with 12 nods, including Hip-Hop Artist of the Year and Hip-Hop Album of the Year. Close behind is Kendrick Lamar with 11 nominations, in part due to his chart-topping single “Not Like Us” and his featured verse on Future and Metro Boomin’s “Like That.” Drake, the subject of the two previous songs, racked up eight nods. Fat Joe will return as host. The Bronx-born rapper hosted in 2022 and 2023.

	











	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	








	GloRilla has been booked and busy. Just last month, the Memphis-born rapper performed a medley of “Yeah Glo!” and “TGIF” at the VMAs. The latter song is featured on the track list for Glorious, her next album set to release Oct. 11. Glorious will include a coterie of female artists including Sexyy Red, Latto, Muni Long, and Megan. Glorious marks the second album released by Glo this year following Ehhthang Ehhthang in April.

	The 2024 BET Hip-Hop Awards will be taped today, Oct. 8, at Drai’s Beachclub and Nightclub in Las Vegas, and will air Oct. 15 on BET.
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.