The light skin stare is back.
Source: @champagnepapi / Instagram
Drake is known for many things; one of them is his signature duck face. He recently joked that Joe Budden and Duke Dennis inspired his selfie vibes.
As spotted on Rap-Up Magazine Champagne Papi had a lighthearted moment this week. On Thursday, August 29 he posted yet another selfie on Instagram and as expected he struck his infamous pose with the exaggerated pursing of his lips. To which he wrote “I’m not aware of my picture or mirror face it’s a curse from birth and I’m influenced by what I see” on the caption. The accompanying visuals on the carousel not only featured some of Drake’s most notable duck faces but a hilarious photo of Duke Dennis looking at the mirror and Joe Budden squatting down with double gun fingers at the beach no less.
Soon the hilarious post quickly picked up traction with several high profile celebrities leaving their response in the comments section. The likes of DC Young Fly sais “LMAO” while Ice Spice left several laughing emojis. Even Duke Dennis couldn’t help laugh at himself. Needless to say it seems Drake is putting his loss against Kendrick Lamar behind him. Most recently he released “Circadian Rhythm”, “No Face” and “SOD” which he previously teased on his Finsta account. You can listen to Drake’s “No Face” featuring Playboi Carti below.


Drake Jokes That Joe Budden Inspired His Infamous Mirror Selfie Face 
						was originally published on
						hiphopwired.com



									Listen Live								

									Weekend Roundup: Love, Noise, & MLK Community Day								

									iPower Under 30: Antonio Knoxx								

									Weekend Roundup: Neverland, VMFA Afterhours, & The Big Game								

									iPower Under 30: Rivers Taylor								

									Weekend Roundup: Black Panther, Hip Hop Skating, & More!								

									Weekend Roundup: The Fan, Brunch, & “Mr. Cooper”								

									Win A New Home with St. Jude's Home Giveaway!								

					We care about your data. See our privacy policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.