By 

	Charisma Madarang


The Weeknd‘s Hurry Up Tomorrow, the last installment in his musical trilogy, will release on Jan. 24. The album will follow 2020’s After Hours and 2022’s Dawn FM. 

	To mark the occasion, the artist will take over the Rose Bowl Stadium in Pasadena, California, for a one-night-only live show on Jan. 25. The Weeknd’s stage will take over the entire Rose Bowl floor. 

	On Wednesday, he also released a limited-edition version of the album on vinyl, featuring a cover designed by Frank Miller, and special boxsets for pre-order. 

	Ahead of the project’s arrival, the Weeknd staged a live-streamed concert in São Paulo, Brazil, that featured the live debut of a handful of new tracks in September. Playboi Carti and Brazilian singer Anitta, who joined the Weeknd on the aptly titled “São Paulo,” made guest appearances. The Weeknd also performed new offerings “Dancing in the Flames,” “Wake Me Up,” “Regular,” and “Runway,” and brought back a pair of unreleased songs that he played at a Mike Dean gig in March.

	










	The Weeknd announced the upcoming album title earlier that month with a lengthy statement featuring scrolling bold, red text. “Yesterday was fourteen years ago… We held our breath, falling into a shimmering sea in the after hours of the night… Attempted to cleanse the wounds with melodies and lights, a bulletproof bandage to shield what lies beneath,” read the post. “In a place where the seasons never changed, where time ceased to exist. But therein lays the problem. Today has felt like an endless spin, I keep distorting the truth, immune to the dizziness, numb to the nausea. What lies beneath — screams in silence.”





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Elon Musk: It Is ‘Outrageous’ to ‘Claim That I’m a Nazi’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Toby Keith's Horse Raced in the Kentucky Derby: How Did Render Judgment Do?		
	








	The singer added: “More songs could help, but what do I have left to say? Woe is me in my gilded cage, right? The very thing that once made me invincible failed me on the world stage. A new trauma surfaced, opening floodgates. A new path awaits. When today ends, I’ll discover who I am.”

	The album will be supported by a film of the same title, which will star The Weeknd (Abel Tesfaye), Jenna Ortega, and Barry Keoghan. According to Deadline, the movie, which has yet to get a release date, will be directed by Trey Edward Shults and landed a worldwide theatrical distribution from Lionsgate.
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.