Titans of the hip-hop industry have remembered US rapper Rich Homie Quan, following his death aged 33.
The melodic star rose to fame over a decade ago with his career closely tied to that of Grammy-winner Young Thug, as the pair were members of the group Rich Gang.
Quan – real name Dequantes Devontay Lamar – had other hits including Type Of Way released in 2013 and Flex (Ooh, Ooh, Ooh) – which inspired a track from rapper iLoveMemphis titled Hit The Quan in 2016.
A post shared by 2 Chainz Aka Tity Boi (@2chainz)
The viral song sparked a “Hit The Quan” dance craze, after the rapper popularised a series of low-stepping, arm-swinging dance movements in the music video for Flex (Ooh, Ooh, Ooh).
Kendrick Lamar, who has won 17 Grammy Awards, incorporated the dance move into a music video for his track These Walls – which featured a cameo from Brooklyn Nine-Nine actor Terry Crews.
Quan’s death was confirmed by the Fulton County Medical Examiner’s Office, which did not provide a cause.
“On Thursday, September 5 2024, the Fulton County Medical Examiner was notified by Grady Memorial Hospital of the death of Dequantes Devontay Lamar,” a spokesperson told the PA news agency.
“An autopsy has been scheduled for Friday September 6 2024.”
Titans from the music industry weighed in on social media to express their sorrow at his death.
Megan Thee Stallion, real name Megan Pete, wrote: “RIP to one of the best,” alongside a broken-heart emoji as she added a photograph of Quan to her Instagram story.
A post shared by Young Metro 3 Times 💔 (@metroboomin)
Meanwhile, fellow Atlanta-based rapper Quavo, real name Quavious Keyate Marshall, said: “May God be with US, never saw this being a part of our journey.”
He shared a photograph of the pair to his Instagram story, which also featured his late nephew and fellow Migos group member Takeoff.
The late rapper, real name Kirsnick Khari Ball, was shot and killed in 2022.
Similarly, the star was remembered during the R&B Hip-Hop Power Players awards in Los Angeles.
After being named artist of the year, US rapper Playboi Carti said: “RIP Rich Homie Quan”, before exiting the stage with his award.
US star 2 Chainz also remembered the rapper on Instagram, telling his 12.7 million followers: “Dam lil brother, we just spoke about shooting a video, special prayer for you and your family, and pray for any and everybody that’s dealing with something.”
US music producer Metro Boomin, real name Leland Tyler Wayne, also shared a series of photographs of the pair on Instagram, writing: “Rich in spirit! You are now immortalised by your classics and your body of work.
“Praying God blesses your family with divine comfort and healing.”
A representative for Quan has been contacted for comment.

                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.