The tour continues through the rest of the month with shows in Australia and New Zealand.

							By 

	DeMicia Inman

Staff Writer, News

Travis Scott is putting up big numbers. The Texas rapper’s current Circus Maximus tour has become one of the top-selling rap shows ever.

	According to Complex, the tour is reported to have now sold more than 1.5 million tickets. Additionally, the trek is also said to have earned the distinction of being the biggest rap tour of this year and last year regarding the number of tickets sold. This includes Scott becoming the first Hip-Hop artist to sell out at both the MetLife Stadium in East Rutherford, NJ and SoFi Stadium in Inglewood, CA.

	Per HipHopDX, the record was previously held by Drake with his It’s All A Blur tour, which sold 1.3 million tickets. The Canadian rapper was on the road from 2023 through the top of 2024. 

	










	While Drake’s tour has ended, Travis Scott’s Circus Maximus party continues through the end of the month, with concerts in New Zealand and Australia.

	According to Billboard, in July, the “Mo City Flexoligist” performer had averaged $3.3 million per show from the first seven dates of the European and U.K. leg of his Circus Maximus tour for a total of more than $23 million. Additionally, the 44-date North American leg grossed $95.7 million from 686,000 tickets, with the aforementioned SoFi stadium billing selling 49,000 tickets and earning $7.9 million.
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Kendrick Lamar Called "Hypocrite" For Performing With "Deadbeat" Playboi Carti After Dissing Drake		
			







	Earlier this month, the 33-year-old was honored with the I Am Hip-Hop Award at the 2024 BET Hip-Hop Awards. 

	“I be feeling like sometimes people don’t give a f**k about me, so this is actually dope,” he exclaimed when accepting the trophy. 

	The Circus Maximus tour takes its name from the 12th track, assisted by Swae Lee and The Weeknd, on Scott’s latest album UTOPIA.

	Released in July 2023, the album features SZA, 21 Savage, Future, James Blake, Bad Bunny, Young Thug, Kid Cudi, Westside Gunn, Rob49, Yung Lean, Dave Chapelle, Beyoncé, Drake, Playboi Carti and Teezo Touchdown. Listen to UTOPIA BELOW. 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.