Few artists in the industry have done what Lana Del Rey has. She consistently delivers a blend of dream pop, alternative indie, Americana and jazz through perfected aesthetics and sultry whispers -- a widely disputed yet undeniably unique style. Each album contains a piece of her distinct artistic characterization, yet some reach greater heights than others. 
Here is a ranking of every album released by Lana Del Rey: 
9. "Blue Banisters" (2021) 
"Blue Banisters" balances tracks that don't stand out among the rest with the best of the best. "If You Lie Down With Me" and "Violets for Roses" are delicate jazz songs full of depth and passion, which offer an inverse to the slightly offbeat "Black Bathing Suit." One of the highlights on "Blue Banisters" is the undeniably gutting and unembellished "Dealer," a standout in Del Rey's vast discography. The album shines in lyrical and vocal focus but falls short of reaching the level of her most impactful albums. 
8. "Lust For Life”(2017)  
Despite hosting some of Del Rey's most brilliant tracks, like "Get Free" and "Change," "Lust For Life" lacks the comprehensive structure of her other works. By featuring artists like The Weeknd, A$AP Rocky, and Playboi Carti, Del Rey alludes to her beat-focused pop of earlier albums while referencing American music's history through collaborations with Stevie Nicks and Sean Ono Lennon. She also calls back to her "Ultraviolence" days with songs like "White Mustang" and "Cherry." "Lust For Life" provides a cinematic view of Del Rey's Americana aesthetic through a fresh new lens. 
7. "Chemtrails Over The Country Club" (2021)
The album's content matches the poetic and intriguing album title in energy. Despite falling into a similar trap as "Blue Banisters," with some nonessential songs clouding the intimate majesty of the rest, this album further develops Del Rey's style through touching and genuine techniques. Songs like "Tulsa Jesus Freak" and the twangy "Not All Who Wander Are Lost" redefine the type of Americana she represents, which is affirmed in her rendition of a campfire ballad, "Yosemite." The discordant "White Dress" exemplifies moments in the album where Del Rey misses the mark, but the album's title track offers a quick recovery. The melodically stunning song develops the glamour of her early work into a classy and climactic ending. 
6. “Honeymoon" (2015)
Starting with the vengeful and eerie opening track of the same name, "Honeymoon" is one of Del Rey's most enrapturing albums from start to finish. Each song is emblematic of the tropical streaminess of her earlier work, "Paradise," but in a newly evolved style. The style is demonstrated in "High By The Beach," a sultry and breathy version of her earlier assertive tracks. "Music To Watch Boys To" and "Art Deco" are atmospheric and intoxicating, both of which precede the magnum opus of the album: "Salvatore." The song encapsulates the sultry haze of the album and flawlessly engulfs the listener in a haunting and incoherent lyrical presentation. 
5. "Paradise" (2012)
Del Rey's debut album's reissue brought an adjacent collection of pop tracks. "Paradise" demonstrates the same allure as "Born To Die," but in an even more saturated package (which is exemplified by the golden glow of the album cover). The outrageous "Cola" and "Body Electric" both solidify the artist's standing as an inexplicable force within her genre. The singer becomes royalty when she regally sings the different but equally powerful "Gods & Monsters" and "Blue Velvet," another example of her unprecedented techniques. 
4. *"Did you know that there's a tunnel under Ocean Blvd" (2023)
The recent Grammy-nominated album combines Del Rey's classic style with new avant-garde elements. The album features collaborations with Jon Batiste, SYML, RIOPY, Father John Misty, Bleachers and Tommy Genesis. The latter contribution, "Peppers," is just one example of the album's innovative atmosphere. The album's title track is emblematic of the artist's persona in "Ultraviolence" and “Norman F- - - - - - Rockwell!," but with signs of experimental techniques present in "Paris, Texas" and "A&W." "Let The Light In" and "Margaret" both contributed to the recent "coquette" trend on social media through delicate melodies and delivery.   
3. "Born To Die" (2012)
Del Rey's debut album combines elements of mainstream pop music with an unattainable glamour. The cinematic title track is brilliantly followed by staples of her pop work, including "Diet Mountain Dew," "Radio" and "National Anthem." This album serves as a fitting and striking introduction to the authenticity of the unique artist. Her iconic breakout songs, "Video Games" and "Summertime Sadness," demonstrate the range of style the artist would develop later in her career. 
2. *"Norman F- - - - - - Rockwell!" (2019)
"Norman F- - - - - - Rockwell!” explores the complexities of Del Rey's musical identity with an hour and seven minutes of deep and moving tracks. By simplifying their instrumental backgrounds, “The greatest" and "The Next Best American Record" highlight the distinct vocal quality the singer is known for. Conversely, songs like "How to disappear" and "California" use powerful and full instrumentals to enhance their message. Each song irreplaceably delves into defiant and complicated concepts, from the cheeky cover of "Doin' Time" to the nearly 10-minute-long sinuous epic "Venice B****." 
1. "Ultraviolence" (2014)
The 2014 album is a distinct summation of everything the artist represents. From the choral and sultry title track to the psychedelic "West Coast," Del Rey weaves a flowing album of melancholic self-reflection through dream pop and blues rock. "Brooklyn Baby" and "Old Money" both draw inspiration from eras of the early 20th century, with a haunting spin on the style that only Lana Del Rey could create. Her iconic cover of "The Other Woman" and the dark, lush "Black Beauty" allow this album to surpass the rest of her discography. 
@sophiarooks_
sr320421@ohio.edu