For the last decade, Camila Cabello has quietly been churning out some of the most electric R&B melodies in music. After getting her start as a member of the now-defunct girl group Fifth Harmony — a collective formed by Simon Cowell that teamed the singer with other notable artists like Normani and Lauren Jauregui — Cabello has since been on a mission to carve out her own space in the industry. 
With a diverse catalog of hits that range from Latin-infused tracks like "Havana" to addictive tunes like "My Oh My" that play into the singer's underlying pop sensibilities, Cabello has managed to cement herself as one of the most unique artists working today. Her signature sound has even garnered the attention of musicians like Taylor Swift, whom she opened for on the Reputation Stadium Tour back in 2018.
We had the opportunity to connect with Cabello and talk through all of the must-have products that help power her through her busy lifestyle — including a chic designer bag and a cult-favorite face sunscreen that's proven to be a staple in her morning routine.
As far as affordable must haves go, Cabello considers this Olipop Best Sellers Pack ($24, originally $29) to be a total essential. "I'm truly a fan of Olipop and the way in which the brand brings to life the nostalgic soda flavors I grew up on, but with the added benefits of fiber and prebiotics that support digestive health," Cabello tells PS. "It's such a healthy alternative when you're craving soda but don't want all the sugar. I feel good drinking it, and the flavors are unbeatable." 
Pro Tip: From Orange Squeeze to Classic Root Beer, Olipop has no shortage of nostalgic soda flavors that are designed with every taste and ingredient palate in mind — though even Cabello admits she has her go-to drinks she prefers sipping on the most. "My personal favorites are Vintage Cola and Strawberry Vanilla," she says.
If you see Cabello carrying one of these Jacquemus Le Chiquito Long Top-Handle Bags ($411) around Los Angeles or New York, it's for good reason — the designer product has become a "go-to accessory" for the musician lately. "I've been loving Jacquemus purses; they're so cute and have such a fun design," she says.

Pro Tip: This cult-favorite Jacquemus accessory is available to shop in a variety of different sizes, including a mini version, clutch, and top-handle style.
This Supergoop Unseen Sunscreen SPF 40 ($38) has become a staple in Cabello's morning routine, as she believes that SPF is a "must for everyday" wear. "The sun is so strong that I make sure to use it before I leave my house. Supergoop is so lightweight, so it feels great on my skin," she says. 

Pro Tip: This sunscreen is designed to work for all skin types. For a more robust and protective skin-care routine, users can also team this lightweight formula with other Supergoop products like the SPF 40+ Hydrating Daily Moisturizer.
To keep her skin feeling fresh and revived at all times, Cabello relies on this Osea Atmosphere Protection Cream ($54), which helps to coat the skin in a protective layer against any unwanted environmental damage. "This is such an important investment for me, [and] I use it every day before I go outside," Cabello says. "I never thought about all the chemicals in our environment, but once I did, I realized how important it was to protect my skin against the harsh environmental factors in the atmosphere." 

Pro Tip: This lightweight formula is great for those with sensitive skin, and according to the brand, it also doubles as a nourishing makeup primer that helps to reduce the appearance of fine lines.
Come nighttime, Cabello often turns to her Calm App Subscription ($70) to help her relax and ease into her sleeping routine. "I find it so centering at the end of a busy day. I even have my own series, 'Breathe Into It' — this really just helps my brain calm down so I can get a good night's sleep and put my anxieties to rest," she explains.

Pro Tip: Calm offers two different subscription plans: a yearly subscription that costs $70 and is billed annually, and a "Calm For Life" subscription that offers lifetime access to the program for $400 — with just a single one-time payment.
Kyley Warren (she/her) is an award-winning writer, editor, and affiliate strategist with more than four years of experience in the publishing space. She currently works as an assistant editor on PS Shopping and is an expert on all things related to shopping and fashion. She previously worked with Entertainment Tonight as a style commerce writer, and her byline has appeared in publications globally.