By 

	Larisha Paul


	Tyler, the Creator has revealed the complete lineup for Camp Flog Gnaw 2024, the 10th iteration of his annual music festival hosted on the Dodger Stadium grounds in Los Angeles. The rapper will take the stage at the two-day event with additional performances from André 3000, Kaytranada, Playboi Carti, Sexyy Red, Vince Staples, Omar Apollo, Faye Webster, Doechii, Raye, and more.

	Camp Flog Gnaw will return on Nov. 16 and 17. Tickets for the festival were put on sale in June with no prior announcement of who would be performing. Passes sold out on the same day and the festival opened a waitlist. As the festival dates approached, fans sounded off in the comment section of the Camp Flog Gnaw Instagram account seeking updates on who exactly they had paid to see. 

	The lineup reveals scheduled appearances from Blood Orange, Denzel Curry, Earl Sweatshirt, the Marías, Matt Champion, Concrete Boys, Sampha, ScHoolboy Q, Yves Tumor, Domo Genesis, Erykah Badu, the Alchemist & Friends, Syd, Jean Dawson, Ma$e, Rio Amor, Daniel Caesar, Action Bronson, Amelia Moore, Mustard & Friends, and more. 

	










	Camp Flog Gnaw 2024 will also feature a tribute performance honoring MF DOOM. It will mark the first time the special, titled FM MOOD, will be shared outside of the late rapper’s estate. 





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Elon Musk: It Is ‘Outrageous’ to ‘Claim That I’m a Nazi’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Toby Keith's Horse Raced in the Kentucky Derby: How Did Render Judgment Do?		
	








	Tyler, the Creator brought Camp Flog Gnaw back in 2023 for the the first year since its 2019 iteration — the one where fans booed Drake off stage because they wrongly assumed Frank Ocean would be performing. Good times. 

	Camp Flog Gnaw 2024 will be live streamed through Amazon Music via Twitch and Prime Video. View the full lineup below.
A post shared by Camp Flog Gnaw Carnival (@campfloggnaw)
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.