By JACQUELINE LINDENBERG FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  00:17, 1 July 2024   |  Updated:  10:30, 1 July 2024   
 159
View  comments
Ice Spice turned heads in an eye-catching ensemble with stylish Tyla and Tinashe at the star-studded, 24th Annual BET Awards in Los Angeles on Sunday.  
The Princess Diana rapper, 24 - who recently dropped a racy music video for her latest single Phat Butt - joined the Water songstress, 22, and 2 On hitmaker, 31, on the red carpet with other celebrities. 
The festivities were hosted by Taraji P. Henson and took place inside the Peacock Theater in the heart of L.A. 
Ice Spice made a bold statement in a vibrant, orange gown that had a cutout on the front to flash her toned midriff as well as a ruffled hem. 
She donned a pair of open-toed, orange strappy heels to coincide with the color scheme of her fashionable outfit.  
Ice Spice. 24, turned heads in an eye-catching ensemble with stylish Tyla, 22, and Tinashe, 31, at the star-studded, 24th Annual BET Awards in Los Angeles on Sunday
Her lighter, orange locks were parted to the side, and were styled into voluminous waves that fell down to nearly brush her shoulders. 
Ice Spice - whose real name is Isis Naija Gaston - accessorized the look with a chunky, silver-chained necklace with a butterfly pendant on the front. 
She added a marching bracelet on her left wrist as well as a glittering, silver ring on her right hand. 
The performer struck a variety of poses upon arriving to the event, and flaunted her ensemble before heading into the main theater. 
Ice Spice garnered a total of three BET nominations, including Best Collaboration with Nicki Minaj, Video of the Year, and also Best Female Hip-Hop Artist. 
The BET Awards are notably dubbed as 'Cultures Biggest Night' - and Usher is slated to receive the Lifetime Achievement Award during the ceremony. 
Drake led with the most nominations - garnering a total of seven nods - while rapper Nicki Minaj trailed close behind with six. 
Other celebrities also graced the red carpet, including Tyla who showcased her toned frame in a fitted, black gown that had two cutouts on the front as well as a thigh-high slit on the left side. 
Ice Spice made a bold statement in a vibrant, orange gown that had a cutout on the front to flash her toned midriff as well as a ruffled hem
She donned a pair of open-toed, orange strappy heels to coincide with the color scheme of her fashionable outfit
Her lighter, orange locks were parted to the side, and were styled into voluminous waves that fell down to nearly brush her shoulders
Ice Spice - whose real name is Isis Naija Gaston - accessorized the look with a chunky, silver-chained necklace with a butterfly pendant on the front
Other celebrities also graced the red carpet, including Tyla who showcased her toned frame in a fitted, black gown that had two cutouts on the front as well as a thigh-high slit on the left side
Silver-studded details were seen around the bodice and neckline of the ensemble, which flowed down into a hem with yellow-patterned material
Video Of The Year: Victoria Monet, On My Mama 
BET Her:  Victoria Monet, On My Mama
Best New Artist: Tyla
 Best International Act: Tyla 
Victoria Monet earned two awards including top honor Video Of The Year
Lifetime Achievement Award: Usher
Best Male R&B/Pop Artist: Usher 
Best Female R&B/Pop Artist: SZA 
Best Female Hip-Hop Artist: Nicki Minaj 
Best Male Hip-Hip Artist: Kendrick Lamar
Album Of The Year: Killer Mike, Michael 
Silver-studded details were seen around the bodice and neckline of the ensemble, which flowed down into a hem with yellow-patterned material. 
The singer donned a pair of open-toed pumps that coincided with the colors of the gown and also added dangly, teardrop earrings as well as a shimmering bracelet. 
Tyla's hair was pulled back away from her face, allowing the longer strands to cascade down behind her back. 
The South African songstress garnered four BET Award nods, and notably won for Best International Act and also Best New Artist.  
Tinashe showed off her sense of style in a gray and white-colored dress that contained a large cutout on the front. 
Strips of fabric fell down towards the ground for a unique flare, and easily flashed a glimpse of open-toed, black heels secured with straps that wrapped up towards her upper thighs. 
The 2 On hitmaker opted for an assortment of necklaces and other pieces of jewelry, including bracelets on each of her wrists. 
Her voluminous hair was parted to the side, and cascaded down past her shoulders in light curls.  
Tinashe showed off her sense of style in a gray and white-colored dress that contained a large cutout on the front
Strips of fabric fell down towards the ground for a unique flare, and easily flashed a glimpse of open-toed, black heels secured with straps that wrapped up towards her upper thighs
Mowry wowed in a sleeveless, semi-sheer gown that contained black, floral details that were embroidered on nude-colored fabric
She slipped into a pair of closed-toed, black heels to coincide with the color scheme of the look, and at one point, turned away from the camera to show off the backless portion of the dress
Tia accessorized the glamorous outfit with a pair of dangly, silver earrings as well as dainty bracelets on each of her wrists and a few flashy rings
Other celebrities also graced the red carpet, including Remy Ma, who left little to the imagination in a see-through, bedazzled minidress
Ryan Reynolds dodges questions about Travis Kelce 'unfollowing'
Kanye comes out as gay in wild rant about Kim and their kids
Danny Jones returns to the stage with McFly after 'kiss scandal'
Young guitarist get through to final as BGT is hit by fix row
Fan regrets paying $700 to go to Cowboy Carter for shock view
Bianca Censori appears to walk around naked on Kanye West's livestream
Sam Fender reveals Adolescence star Owen Cooper starring in new video
Bridget Jones author reveals she was 'groped' while at the BBC
Lorraine Kelly reveals secret health battle from hospital bed
Holly Madison reveals 'disgusting' sex acts with Hugh Hefner
Danny Beard reveals why he still has love for Mickey Rourke
Britney Spears' bold move after ex Sam Asghari flaunts new girlfriend
Tia Mowry wowed in a sleeveless, semi-sheer gown that contained black, floral details that were embroidered on nude-colored fabric. 
She slipped into a pair of closed-toed, black heels to coincide with the color scheme of the look, and at one point, turned away from the camera to show off the backless portion of the dress.  
Tia accessorized the glamorous outfit with a pair of dangly, silver earrings as well as dainty bracelets on each of her wrists and a few flashy rings. 
Her locks were parted to the side, and pulled back into a low up do, preventing any loose strands from falling onto her face. 
The star's makeup was glammed up for the event, and comprised of a layer of mascara to her lashes as well as a smoky shadow around her eyes. 
A warm blush was added to better accentuate her cheekbones, while a nude-colored, satin tint was worn on her lips for a finishing touch. 
Mowry was seen striking a variety of poses as she arrived to the main venue, and flashed a cheerful smile while flaunting her look. 
Remy Ma left little to the imagination in a see-through, bedazzled minidress. The star - who recently broke her silence over her son Jayson Scott's arrest for a 2021 murder - slipped into a pair of open-toed, sparkling pumps. 
The star - who recently broke her silence over her son Jayson Scott's arrest for a 2021 murder - slipped into a pair of open-toed, sparkling pumps
Remy further glammed up her ensemble by adding a pair of large, silver-hooped earrings and a flashy bracelet on her right wrist
Halle Bailey was breathtaking in a form-fitting, black leather gown that was held up with halter-styled straps that wrapped around her neck
The Little Mermaid star added a pair of dangly, silver earrings as well as a chunky ring on her right hand
Halle Bailey's sister, Chloe Bailey, also stunned on the red carpet in a black, sequin gown that clung to her frame and had a cutout around the bodice for a sultry flare
Her long, dark locks were parted to the side, and effortlessly flowed down straight past her shoulders. 
Remy further glammed up her ensemble by adding a pair of large, silver-hooped earrings and a flashy bracelet on her right wrist. 
The Lean Back rapper opted for voluminous lashes, as well as a shimmering bronze shadow around her eyes. For a final touch, she also added a warm blush as well as a glossy, nude tint to her lips. 
Halle Bailey was breathtaking in a form-fitting, black leather gown that was held up with halter-styled straps that wrapped around her neck. 
The hem of the dress fell down into a train that flowed behind the actress and also concealed the shoes she wore for the ceremony. 
The Little Mermaid star added a pair of dangly, silver earrings as well as a chunky ring on her right hand. Halle's dark hair was pulled back, allowing strands to cascade down behind her back. 
Halle Bailey's sister, Chloe Bailey, also stunned on the red carpet in a black, sequin gown that clung to her frame and had a cutout around the bodice for a sultry flare 
Host Taraji P. Henson also wowed as she strutted on the red carpet before taking to the stage and donned a unique, fitted gold dress with gold-chained details.  
Host Taraji P. Henson also wowed as she strutted on the red carpet before taking to the stage and donned a unique, fitted gold dress with gold-chained details
The Color Purple actress added a strapless, black bralette underneath, and also wore a pair of closed-toed, black pumps
The Color Purple actress added a strapless, black bralette underneath, and also wore a pair of closed-toed, black pumps. 
She also added a gold-chained necklace, as well as a matching bracelet and a few eye-catching rings to coincide with the color scheme. 
Henson's short locks were parted to the side, and naturally flowed down to nearly brush the tips of her shoulders. 
In regards to taking on hosting duties, Taraji recently told People, 'It's going to be an incredible show. You know, it's culture's biggest night. The performances are going to blow us all away...' 
Meagan Good - who is currently dating actor Jonathan Majors - put on a leggy display wearing a shimmering minidress that contained hues such as silver, dark gold and black. 
The actress donned a pair of open-toed, black strappy heels and easily carried a dazzling, silver clutch bag in her left hand. 
The Day Shift star added a pair of large, silver earrings and styled her flowy hair into a half up do.  
Justina Valentine made a statement wearing a figure-hugging, black dress that had a snake pattern on the front as well as a large cutout on the left side for a sultry flare. 
She slipped into a pair of open-toed, black heels that were secured with thin straps that wrapped around her ankles. 
She also added a gold-chained necklace, as well as a matching bracelet and a few eye-catching rings to coincide with the color scheme
Meagan Good - who is currently dating actor Jonathan Majors - put on a leggy display wearing a shimmering minidress that contained hues such as silver, dark gold and black
The actress donned a pair of open-toed, black strappy heels and easily carried a dazzling, silver clutch bag in her left hand
Justina Valentine made a statement wearing a figure-hugging, black dress that had a snake pattern on the front as well as a large cutout on the left side for a sultry flare
Lela Rochon put on a dazzling display in a fitted, black gown that had sparkling, rhinestone details throughout the material
Laurieann Gibson was chic in a black and white, polka dot ruched dress that was held up with straps that wrapped around her shoulders
The choreographer opted for a pair of closed-toed, white heels to coincide with the color scheme of her stylish ensemble
The TV personality's vibrant red locks were parted to the side, and effortlessly flowed down past her shoulders in light waves. 
The star accessorized the look for the big night by adding a pair of dangly, silver earrings as well as a chunky bracelet on her right wrist. 
Valentine opted for voluminous lashes as well as a reddish, smoky shadow around her eyes to further glam up the outfit. 
A light blush and contour was added to better accentuate her cheekbones, while glossy, rosy pink tint was worn on her lips for a finishing touch. 
Lela Rochon put on a dazzling display in a fitted, black gown that had sparkling, rhinestone details throughout the material. 
A slit could be seen on the left side of the dress, easily revealing that the actress was also wearing a pair of open-toed, glittering silver pumps. 
Her dark hair was parted to the side and cascaded down past her shoulders in elegant curls. 
The Waiting To Exhale star added a Chanel necklace that offered a luxurious flare to the look, as well as silver bracelets on her left wrist. 
Laurieann Gibson  was chic in a black and white, polka dot ruched dress that was held up with straps that wrapped around her shoulders. 
Taurey Henson showed off her sense of fashion in a white blazer dress that had sheer sleeves as well as a belt that wrapped around her midriff
Scar Lip showed off her edgy side in a black leather coat that had oversized shoulders for a dramatic flare
She also opted for a pair of black, leather shorts as well as a semi-sheer, bralette top
The performer also added a chunky necklace that had 'Scar Lip' on the front and wore a pair of black boots with thick soles on the bottom
The rapper's long hair was slicked back away from her face, easily revealing a pair of silver-hooped earrings
The choreographer opted for a pair of closed-toed, white heels to coincide with the color scheme of her stylish ensemble. 
Gibson's pastel pink locks were parted in the middle, and flowed down past her shoulders in light curls. 
Laurieann opted for minimal accessories to allow the dress to be the main focal point, and added dainty bracelets on each of her wrists. 
Taurey Henson showed off her sense of fashion in a white blazer dress that had sheer sleeves as well as a belt that wrapped around her midriff. 
The star donned a pair of open-toed, white strappy heels that glittered underneath the warm, California sunshine. 
To complete her overall look for the ceremony, she opted for a bold, glossy red tint to her lips that offered a pop of color. 
Scar Lip showed off her edgy side in a black leather coat that had oversized shoulders for a dramatic flare. She also opted for a pair of black, leather shorts as well as a semi-sheer, bralette top. 
The rapper's long hair was slicked back away from her face, easily revealing a pair of silver-hooped earrings. 
Jaylynn Jones was stylishly casual in a white, cropped shirt as well as a pair of low-waisted, denim pants
She donned a pair of sneakers to stay comfortable during the festivities and sported a pair of fashionable, black shades
Jones joined her father and singer, Jermaine Dupri, who sported a white shirt as well as a jacket and black shorts
He completed the look by donning a pair of white ankle socks and sleek, black loafers during the brief photo session at the event 
Honoree Usher was seen in a pair of denim jeans as well as a white button up and sleek suit jacket as he made an appearance on the red carpet 
The Daddy's Home hitmaker was joined by wife, Jennifer Goicoechea, who stunned in a fitted, black dress with gold buttons on the front as well as opera-length black gloves 
Muni Long made a statement in a short, shimmering silver minidress as well as a pair of see-through heels with sparkling straps
The performer also added a chunky necklace that had 'Scar Lip' on the front and wore a pair of black boots with thick soles on the bottom. 
Jaylynn Jones was stylishly casual in a white, cropped shirt as well as a pair of low-waisted, denim pants. 
She donned a pair of sneakers to stay comfortable during the festivities and sported a pair of fashionable, black shades. 
Jones joined her father and singer, Jermaine Dupri, who sported a white shirt as well as a jacket and black shorts. He completed the look by donning a pair of white ankle socks and sleek, black loafers.
Honoree Usher was seen in a pair of denim jeans as well as a white button up and sleek suit jacket as he made an appearance on the red carpet. 
The Daddy's Home hitmaker was joined by wife, Jennifer Goicoechea, who stunned in a fitted, black dress with gold buttons on the front as well as opera-length black gloves. 
Muni Long made a statement in a short, shimmering silver minidress as well as a pair of see-through heels with sparkling straps. 
Her dark locks were parted in the middle, and effortlessly cascaded down past her shoulders in light waves. 
She added a silver, choker necklace as well as glittering bracelet and rings to further deck out the ensemble. 
Lala Milan embraced her preppy side in a pink, plaid minidress with a pleated skirt and also contained small, rhinestone details around the bodice. 
Lala Milan embraced her preppy side in a pink, plaid minidress with a pleated skirt and also contained small, rhinestone details around the bodice
Dominque Perry wowed in a sheer, shimmering gray gown with a plunging, scooped neckline and a thigh-high slit on the left side
Angela Renee White - also known as Blac Chyna - wore a sculpted white dress that clung to her frame and was made of a damp-like material
The gown contained fabric that stuck out on top of her shoulders, while a long train flowed behind her
Yung Miami showcased her figure in a fitted, black dress with a lowcut bodice and a small cutout on the front
She draped a matching, cropped blazer over her shoulders and slipped into a pair of pink heels that had dazzling, heart-shaped embellishments on top. 
The media personality's hair was swept up into a chic up do, allowing loose strands to border the sides of her face. 
Lila accessorized the outfit with a pair of large, silver-hooped earrings as well as a glittering bracelet on her right wrist. 
Dominque Perry wowed in a sheer, shimmering gray gown with a plunging, scooped neckline and a thigh-high slit on the left side. 
She wore a pair of open-toed, strappy heels as well as a dazzling headpiece to add a glammed up touch to the outfit. Perry also opted for dangly, silver earrings and a dainty bracelet on her right wrist. 
Angela Renee White - also known as Blac Chyna - wore a sculpted white dress that clung to her frame and was made of a damp-like material. 
The gown contained fabric that stuck out on top of her shoulders, while a long train flowed behind her. 
Yung Miami showcased her figure in a fitted, black dress with a lowcut bodice and a small cutout on the front. The rapper wore a pair of closed-toed, black pumps as well as a sparkling, silver bracelet and dangly earrings. 
The rapper wore a pair of closed-toed, black pumps as well as a sparkling, silver bracelet and dangly earrings
Summer Walker put on a leggy display in a fitted, black velvet minidress with a pink bow neckline
The beauty slipped into a pair of closed-toed, black pumps and carried a small, dazzling pink clutch bag in her hands
Jhonni Blaze flashed her sculpted abs in a skimpy, white floral bikini top as well as a matching, maxi skirt that also contained the same floral details around the waistline
Madison Rian wowed as she arrived to the event in a figure-hugging, strapless red gown with dramatic, ruffled details in the front and a long train that flowed down behind the model
She opted for minimal accessories to allow the dress to be the main focal point, and wore a pair of mini, rhinestone earrings
Sexyy Red donned a sheer, black dress that contained eye-catching, red flame details on the material and slipped into open-toed heels with watch-inspired straps
While posing on the red carpet, the rapper held a large stack of fake cash in her hands, and at one point, tossed a few bills into the air
For a final touch, the performer added black material that wrapped around her wrists towards her thumbs. 
Summer Walker put on a leggy display in a fitted, black velvet minidress with a pink bow neckline. The beauty slipped into a pair of closed-toed, black pumps and carried a small, dazzling pink clutch bag in her hands. 
Jhonni Blaze flashed her sculpted abs in a skimpy, white floral bikini top as well as a matching, maxi skirt that also contained the same floral details around the waistline. 
The music artist donned a pair of open-toed, platform heels and added a rhinestone necklace as well as a glittering, silver bracelet. 
Madison Rian wowed as she arrived to the event in a figure-hugging, strapless red gown with dramatic, ruffled details in the front and a long train that flowed down behind the model. 
She opted for minimal accessories to allow the dress to be the main focal point, and wore a pair of mini, rhinestone earrings. 
Sexyy Red donned a sheer, black dress that contained eye-catching, red flame details on the material and slipped into open-toed heels with watch-inspired straps. 
The star added a large, silver necklace and the rapper allowed her long locks to flow down straight behind her back. While posing on the red carpet, the rapper held a large stack of fake cash in her hands, and at one point, tossed a few bills into the air. 
Andra Day made a statement in a semi-sheer, silver dress that contained a tasseled hem and a V-neck cut on the front.  
Andra Day made a statement in a semi-sheer, silver dress that contained a tasseled hem and a V-neck cut on the front
The Rise up singer also wore a pair of open-toed, strappy silver pumps and accessorized the look with long, dangly earrings as well as a variety of rings on each of her hands
Tamar Braxton put on a colorful display in a fuchsia pink minidress with a corset bodice while additional fabric flowed down on the right side towards the ground
The TV personality slipped into a pair of embellished, open-toed heels while her locks flowed down in elegant curls
She added a pair of silver earrings as well as a dainty bracelet and flashy watch on her each of her wrists
MC Lyte stunned in a hot pink, satin blazer that was buttoned at the front, as well as a pair of matching trousers
Pretty Vee opted for a bold outfit that comprised of a purple, leather cropped jacket with dramatic sleeves as well as a matching, fitted skirt that fell down towards the ground
The Rise up singer also wore a pair of open-toed, strappy silver pumps and accessorized the look with long, dangly earrings as well as a variety of rings on each of her hands. 
The star's hair was swept up into a ponytail, preventing any loose strands from falling onto her face. 
Tamar Braxton put on a colorful display in a fuchsia pink minidress with a corset bodice while additional fabric flowed down on the right side towards the ground. 
The TV personality slipped into a pair of embellished, open-toed heels while her locks flowed down in elegant curls. 
She added a pair of silver earrings as well as a dainty bracelet and flashy watch on her each of her wrists. 
MC Lyte stunned in a hot pink, satin blazer that was buttoned at the front, as well as a pair of matching trousers. The star wore large, hooped earrings as well as a pair of open-toed, shiny silver heels. 
Pretty Vee opted for a bold outfit that comprised of a purple, leather cropped jacket with dramatic sleeves as well as a matching, fitted skirt that fell down towards the ground. 
She added a pair of shiny, silver earrings while her hair was combed back into a sleek up do, allowing a few strands to fall onto her forehead.  
Tunde Oyeneyin was radiant in a gold and silver, sequin gown that had a plunging neckline on the front as well as a thigh-high slit on the right side 
Spice wowed in a dazzling, silver chainmail dress with a matching headpiece while strutting on the red carpet ahead of the main event 
Claudia Jordan was seen blowing a kiss on the red carpet while wearing a bejeweled dress that contained various hues of orange, yellow and red
Skilla Baby sported a pair of fitted, black pants as well as a short-sleeved, black Prada shirt which was layered with an orange, denim vest
The rapper also wore a pair of sleek, black shoes as well as a patterned scarf that wrapped around his head
For a final touch, the music artist added a pair of black shades as well as a flashy watch on his left wrist
The music artist paused for an assortment photos on the red carpet shortly before the main ceremony kicked off on Sunday 
Jac'Eil Duckworth and Natasha Duckworth dressed for the occasion in fashionable ensembles as they made an appearance at the 2024 BET Awards 
Michael Blackson sported an all-white ensemble which was layered with a colorful, sequin coat 
Tunde Oyeneyin was radiant in a gold and silver, sequin gown that had a plunging neckline on the front as well as a thigh-high slit on the right side. 
The beauty slipped into a pair of open-toed, silver heels but chose to not add any flashy pieces of jewelry to allow the dress to be the main focal point. 
DJ and singer, Spice, wowed in a dazzling, silver chainmail dress with a matching headpiece while strutting on the red carpet ahead of the main event. 
Claudia Jordan was seen blowing a kiss on the red carpet while wearing a bejeweled dress that contained various hues of orange, yellow and red. 
Skilla Baby sported a pair of fitted, black pants as well as a short-sleeved, black Prada shirt which was layered with an orange, denim vest. 
The rapper also wore a pair of sleek, black shoes as well as a patterned scarf that wrapped around his head. For a final touch, the music artist added a pair of black shades as well as a flashy watch on his left wrist. 
Jac'Eil Duckworth and Natasha Duckworth dressed for the occasion in fashionable ensembles as they made an appearance at the 2024 BET Awards. 
Michael Blackson sported an all-white ensemble which was layered with a colorful, sequin coat. He also wore a pair of stylish sneakers that were secured with laces to complete the outfit. 
Jessica Betts was fashionable in a dark blue, snakeskin coat and sleek black shoes alongside Niecy Nash-Betts, who turned heads in a vibrant blue gown and matching, opera-length gloves
Zelie Timothy donned a light pink gown with a small cutout on the front as she posed with Tyrese Gibson who was dapper in an all-white outfit and embellished loafers
Too Short kept it casual in a 'Cultural Icon' shirt as well as a pair of stylish blue jeans and comfy sneakers for the festivities
DeAndre Brown was dapper in a red and black tweed suit jacket as well as a pair of matching trousers and black, Chanel loafers
Akon was seen in a classic, white suit which was paired with a red dress shirt as well as chunky, red shoes 
Bryon Javar was stylish in a snakeskin suit as well as a plain white shirt and black shoes
Jessica Betts was fashionable in a dark blue, snakeskin coat and sleek black shoes alongside Niecy Nash-Betts, who turned heads in a vibrant blue gown and matching, opera-length gloves. 
Zelie Timothy donned a light pink gown with a small cutout on the front as she posed with Tyrese Gibson who was dapper in an all-white outfit and embellished loafers.
Too Short kept it casual in a 'Cultural Icon' shirt as well as a pair of stylish blue jeans and comfy sneakers for the festivities. 
DeAndre Brown was dapper in a red and black tweed suit jacket as well as a pair of matching trousers and black, Chanel loafers. 
Akon was seen in a white suit which was paired with a red dress shirt as well as chunky, red shoes. He was joined by Amirror who color-coordinated with the music artist in a red down with dramatic puffy sleeves and a daring slit on the front. 
Bryon Javar was stylish in a snakeskin suit as well as a plain white shirt and black shoes. The star accessorized the ensemble with a few necklaces as well as rings on each of his hands. 
Hunxho wore a pair of black trousers as well as a long-sleeved, black shirt and leather vest on the red carpet. 
He added chunky, silver-chained necklaces and a pair of black sunglasses to accessorize his ensemble. 
DeRay Davis flashed a big smile in vibrant, blue trousers as well as a matching shirt and sleek, black shoes for the festivities
Michael Jai White wore a pair of white pants as well as a patterned shirt and pink blazer, while completing the look with black and white-colored, Nike sneakers
310babii showed off his sense of style in a Louis Vuitton, striped denim shirt and matching shorts
Hector Villalobos was decked out in a black, Gucci suit as well as a black shirt and loafers while Kimberly Nichols also wore a silk ensemble from the brand
V.EDO also dressed to impress in a pair of white slacks as well as a buttoned shirt that was left unfastened around the collar
The singer wore a pair of brown, suede shoes and added a chunky, silver-chained necklace and white-rimmed shades
The star additionally sported a luxurious, gold watch placed on his right wrist for the big night
At one point, he was seen briefly removing his sunglasses while posing for a brief photo session on the red carpet
DeRay Davis flashed a big smile in vibrant, blue trousers as well as a matching shirt and sleek, black shoes for the festivities. 
Michael Jai White wore a pair of white pants as well as a patterned shirt and pink blazer, while completing the look with black and white-colored, Nike sneakers. 
He was joined by Gillian White who was glamorous in a fitted, white and black polka dot dress with a ruffled hem. 
310babii showed off his sense of style in a Louis Vuitton, striped denim shirt and matching shorts. 
The music artist also slipped into a pair of white socks as well as blue sneakers that were secured with laces. 
Hector Villalobos was decked out in a black, Gucci suit as well as a black shirt and loafers while Kimberly Nichols also wore a silk ensemble from the brand. 
V.EDO also dressed to impress in a pair of white slacks as well as a buttoned shirt that was left unfastened around the collar. 
The singer wore a pair of brown, suede shoes and added a chunky, silver-chained necklace and white-rimmed shades.  
Young Dro flaunted his personal sense of style in a pair of off-white shorts as well as a dress shirt and orange, Ralph Lauren sweater
The star sported a pair of fashionable shades and added an orange cap on top of his head for a final touch
Hitmaka (far right) was also in attendance and opted for an all-black ensemble as well as a pair of black sneakers that were secured with white laces
Hitmaka was also seen with a guest during the event, and added flashy pieces of jewelry, such as a silver-chained necklace and matching bracelets and rings 
Young Dro flaunted his personal sense of style in a pair of off-white shorts as well as a dress shirt and orange, Ralph Lauren sweater. 
He slipped into a pair of orange socks and white sneakers to coincide with the color scheme of the look. 
The star sported a pair of fashionable shades and added an orange cap on top of his head for a final touch. 
Hitmaka was also in attendance and opted for an all-black ensemble as well as a pair of black sneakers that were secured with white laces. 
Jae Murphy wore a tan-colored jacket as well as a pair of matching, flared trousers and white shoes 
Monet, Keke Palmer, Sade and LaShay of the girls group DivaGurl, color-coordinated in white and blue outfits
The stylish group - who recently dropped the single S.O.B - paused for a few memorable snaps together on the red carpet ahead of the main ceremony
He was also seen with a guest during the event, and added flashy pieces of jewelry, such as a silver-chained necklace and matching bracelets and rings. 
Jae Murphy wore a tan-colored jacket as well as a pair of matching, flared trousers and white shoes. The star sported a pair of black shades as well as a red cap that offered a pop of color to the look. 
Monet, Keke Palmer, Sade and LaShay of the girls group DivaGurl color-coordinated in white and blue outfits. 
The stylish group - who recently dropped the single S.O.B - paused for a few memorable snaps together on the red carpet ahead of the main ceremony.  
Album of the Year
Chris Brown, 11:11
Gunna, A Gift & A Curse
21 Savage, American Dream
Usher, Coming Home
Drake, For All the Dogs (Scary Hours Edition)
Victoria Monét, Jaguar II
Killer Mike, Michael (WINNER)
Nicki Minaj, Pink Friday 2
Best Female R&B/Pop Artist
Beyoncé
Coco Jones
Doja Cat
H.E.R.
Muni Long
SZA (WINNER)
Tyla
Victoria Monét
Best Male R&B/Pop Artist
Brent Faiyaz
Bryson Tiller
Burna Boy
Chris Brown
Drake
Fridayy
October London
Usher (WINNER)
Best Group
¥$, Ye, Ty Dolla $ign (WINNER)
2 Chainz & Lil Wayne
41
Blxst & Bino Rideaux
City Girls
Flo
Maverick City Music
Wanmor
Best Collaboration
Lil Durk feat. J. Cole - All My Life (WINNER)
Beyoncé feat. Kendrick Lamar - America Has a Problem (Remix)
Nicki Minaj & Ice Spice (With Aqua) - Barbie World
Cardi B feat. Megan Thee Stallion - Bongos
¥$, Ye, Ty Dolla $ign feat. Rich The Kid, Playboi Carti - Carnival
Lola Brooke feat. Latto & Yung Miami - Don’t Play With It (Remix)
Nicki Minaj feat. Lil Uzi Vert - Everybody
Usher, Summer Walker & 21 Savage - Good Good
Drake feat. Sexyy Red & SZA - Rich Baby Daddy
Best Female Hip Hop Artist
Cardi B
Doja Cat
GloRilla
Ice Spice
Latto
Megan Thee Stallion
Nicki Minaj (WINNER)
Sexyy Red
Best Male Hip Hop Artist
21 Savage
Burna Boy
Drake
Future
Gunna
J. Cole
Kendrick Lamar (WINNER)
Lil Wayne
Video of the Year
Doja Cat - Agora Hills
Lil Durk feat J. Cole - All My Life
Nicki Minaj & Ice Spice (With Aqua) - Barbie World
Cardi B feat. Megan Thee Stallion - Bongos
Drake feat. J. Cole - First Person Shooter
Usher, Summer Walker & 21 Savage - Good Good
Victoria Monét - On My Mama (WINNER)
Drake feat. Sexyy Red & SZA - Rich Baby Daddy
Video Director of the Year
Benny Boom
Child.
Cole Bennett (WINNER)
Dave Meyers
Janelle Monáe & Alan Ferguson
Offset
Tems
Tyler, The Creator
Best New Artist
41
4Batz
Ayra Starr
Bossman Dlow
Fridayy
October London
Sexyy Red
Tyla (WINNER)
Dr. Bobby Jones Best Gospel/Inspirational Award
 Shirley Caesar - Award All of the Glory
Kirk Franklin - All Things
Halle Bailey - Angel
CeCe Winans - Come Jesus Come
Erica Campbell - Do You Believe in Love?
Maverick City Music, Naomi Raine & Chandler Moore - God Problems
Tems - Me & U (WINNER)
Kirk Franklin - Try Love   
Best International Act
Asake (Africa)
Aya Nakamura (France)
Ayra Starr (Africa)
Bk’ (Brazil)
Cleo Sol (UK)
Focalistic (Africa)
Karol Conká (Brazil)
Raye (UK)
Tiakola (France)
Tyla (Africa) (WINNER)
BET Her
Beyoncé - 16 Carriages
Nicki Minaj feat. Tasha Cobbs Leonard - Blessings
Ayra Starr - Commas
Flo feat. Missy Elliott - Fly Girl
Megan Thee Stallion - Hiss
Victoria Monét - On My Mama (WINNER)
SZA - Saturn
GloRilla - Yeah Glo!
Best Movie
American Fiction
Bob Marley: One Love (WINNER)
Renaissance: A Film by Beyoncé
Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse
The Book of Clarence
The Color Purple
The Equalizer 3
The Little Mermaid
Best Actor
Anthony Mackie
Colman Domingo
Damson Idris
Denzel Washington (WINNER)
Donald Glover
Idris Elba
Jeffrey Wright
Lakeith Stanfield
Best Actress
Angela Bassett
Ayo Edebiri
Coco Jones
Danielle Brooks
Fantasia
Halle Bailey
Issa Rae
Regina King (WINNER)
Youngstars Award
Akira Akbar
Blue Ivy Carter (WINNER)
Demi Singleton
Heiress Diana Harris
Jabria McCullum
Jalyn Hall
Leah Jeffries
Van Van
Sportswoman of the Year Award
A’ja Wilson
Angel Reese (WINNER)
Coco Gauff
Flau’jae Johnson
Juju Watkins
Naomi Osaka
Sha’carri Richardson
Simone Biles
Sportsman of the Year Award
Anthony Edwards
Gervonta Davis
Jalen Brunson (WINNER)
Jalen Hurts
Kyrie Irving
Lebron James
Patrick Mahomes
Stephen Curry
Viewer’s Choice: Best New International Act
Bellah (UK)
Cristale (UK)
Duquesa (Brazil)
Holly G (France)
Jungeli (France)
Makhadzi (Africa)
Oruam (Brazil)
Seyi Vibez (Africa)
Tyler Icu (Africa)
Viewer’s Choice Award
Doja Cat - Agora Hills
Lil Durk feat. J. Cole - All My Life
Gunna - Fukumean
Jack Harlow - Lovin on Me
Muni Long - Made for Me
Victoria Monét - On My Mama
Drake feat. Sexyy Red & SZA - Rich Baby Daddy
Chris Brown feat. Davido & Lojay - Sensational
Beyoncé - Texas Hold ‘Em
Tyla - Water  
Lifetime Achievement Award
Usher (WINNER)
Thought it was photos from a street corner of work...

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group