ComplexCon is already lighting up Las Vegas.
Just days before its 2024 kick-off, the annual festival displayed an activation at the world-famous Sphere. The venue’s Exosphere advertised the convention through dynamic graphics and impressive animation that nodded to Travis Scott — the artistic director of this year’s ComplexCon.
The activation began with the ComplexCon logo beginning to crumble, only to reveal a second sphere underneath. The underlying layer spun around several times before revealing branding for Scott’s music and fashion imprint, Cactus Jack. The Sphere went on to feature a Utopia graphic and a striking visual directing viewers to CactusCon, a curated ComplexCon space featuring exclusive Cactus Jack merch and collaborations.
The Sphere is a 17,600-seat auditorium that was completed in September of 2023. In addition to hosting concerts, sporting events, and immersive experiences, the venue also has a 580,000-square-foot programmable LED exterior that offers a unique marketing opportunity for brands, performers, and more.
ComplexCon 2024 will take place from Saturday, November 16-17, at the Las Vegas Convention Center. As in previous years, the event will celebrate the convergence of music, fashion, art, food, pop culture, and more. Playboi Carti and Metro Boomin will headline Day 1, while Day 2 will be headlined by Scott and his Cactus Jack crew.
You can learn more about ComplexCon 2024, including how to secure tickets, here.
Fanatics
TAKASHI MURAKAMI + DODGERS SHIRT BLUE
Fanatics
TAKASHI MURAKAMI + DODGERS SHIRT WHITE
Fanatics
TAKASHI MURAKAMI + DODGERS SHIRT BLACK
Takashi Murakami
Takashi Murakami + MLB World Tour Tokyo Series 2025 Surippa Ohana Cubs
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.