Please refresh the page or navigate to another page on the site to be automatically logged inPlease refresh your browser to be logged in
The Atlanta rap artist was known for hits including ‘Type of Way’ and ‘Flex (Ooh, Ooh, Ooh)’ 
I would like to be emailed about offers, events and updates from The Independent. Read our Privacy notice
Atlanta rapper Rich Homie Quan, who collaborated with Young Thug as Rich Gang, has died. He was 34.
Follow live updates on this story and further tributes to Rich Homie Quan here.
He began his career in 2011 and first found mainstream success with his 2013 hit “Type of Way.”
As Rolling Stone reports, his death has been confirmed by a family member. A cause of death has yet to be disclosed.
According to TMZ, his family have said they are “shattered and heartbroken.”
Quan was born Dequantes Lamar in Atlanta, Georgia in October 1989. He attended Ronald McNair Sr High School and as a young man aspired to become a professional baseball player. His ability as a center fielder and leadoff hitter earned him a scholarship to Fort Valley State University, but he dropped out two weeks later due to the cost of tuition.
Lamar later worked at an airport, but after losing his job he got involved in burglaries and went on to spend 15 months in jail.
After leaving incarceration, Lamar threw himself into music. His 2013 single “Type of Way” brought him to mainstream attention, and he had another hit with “Flex (Ooh, Ooh, Ooh)” in 2015.
By then, he had also teamed up with Cash Money Records founder Birdman and fellow rapper Young Thug as Rich Gang, and they had a hit of their own with 2014’s “Lifestyle.”
In November 2016, Lamar sued his former label Think It’s A Game for $2m over alleged unpaid royalties. They counter-sued him for breach of contract, and both suits were eventually settled out of court.
In 2017, Lamar signed a record deal with Motown Records and the following year he released his debut studio album Rich as in Spirit. The album featured a guest appearance from rapper Rick Ross and produced a pair of singles: “Changed” and “34”. The album debuted at 32 on the Billboard 200 chart.
His last full-length mixtape, Family & Mula — Reloaded, was released in 2022.
Fellow rapper Playboi Carti paid tribute by posting several pictures and videos of Lamar to his Instagram Stories.
On X/Twitter, R&B singer Jacquees wrote: “Rest in Peace my brother Rich Homie Quan. I love you for Life.”
Enjoy unlimited access to 100 million ad-free songs and podcasts with Amazon Music
Sign up now for a 30-day free trial. Terms apply.
ADVERTISEMENT. If you sign up to this service we will earn commission. This revenue helps to fund journalism across The Independent.
Enjoy unlimited access to 100 million ad-free songs and podcasts with Amazon Music
Sign up now for a 30-day free trial. Terms apply.
ADVERTISEMENT. If you sign up to this service we will earn commission. This revenue helps to fund journalism across The Independent.
On Instagram, Migos rapper Quavo shared a photo of himself alongside former bandmate Takeoff, who died in 2022, Young Thug, Rich Homie Quan and Offset. He captioned the image: “May God be with US never saw this being apart of our journey.”
2 Chainz also posted an Instagram tribute, writing: “Dam lil brother ,we just spoke about shooting a video, special prayer for you and your family, and pray for any and everybody that’s dealing with something. my condolences bru.”
Megan Thee Stallion posted a picture of Lamar, which she captioned: “RIP to one of the best.”
Join thought-provoking conversations, follow other Independent readers and see their replies
Please refresh the page or navigate to another page on the site to be automatically logged inPlease refresh your browser to be logged in