Destroy Lonely has responded to abuse allegations made by a former girlfriend.
In alleged screenshots of tweets that no longer appeared on the Opium artist’s page as of this writing, he was seen addressing claims made by Twitter user @ayishamia.
"Everybody know the true story," Lonely wrote in one screenshot. In another, he accused the woman in question of having "beat on me 1000 times." As for the photos included in the woman's tweeted allegations on Monday, Lonely addressed those as well, writing, "fake ass injury."
In a series of tweets, @ayishamia accused Lonely of "[cracking] my head open in Germany after pushing me into a bed frame." She also accused Lonely of slamming her on the floor in front of security guards, slapping her in the face in an Uber, and verbal abuse. Elsewhere, both Don Toliver and Pink Pantheress were mentioned, as seen below.
Complex has reached out to reps for Destroy Lonely for comment. This story may be updated.
Earlier this month, Lonely and fellow Opium artist Ken Carson were among those brought out during label founder Playboi Carti’s headlining set at the Summer Smash festival in Illinois. The 22-year-old's most recent project, If Looks Could Kill, was released in May of last year.
music | BY Trace William Cowen
Lil Uzi Vert Joins Ken Carson and Destroy Lonely on “Like This”
music | BY Trace William Cowen
Destroy Lonely and Ken Carson on Why Pharrell’s "Happy" Is The Worst Song of All Time
music | BY Eric Skelton
Destroy Lonely Explains the Meaning of Life (and Other Things)
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.