By
Drake is reported to have dropped a few unreleased songs via his Finsta. On Friday (Aug.23), Drake used his “@plottttwistttttt” Instagram page to share three new tracks: “Sod,” “Circadian Rhythm (The Language 2)” and “No Face” featuring Playboi Carti. Prior to this, Drake dropped off 100 Gigs of content. It mostly comprised of unseen videos and music — the drop also included another unreleased track, “Super Soak” ft. Lil Yachty. 
Despite Drake being a titan when it comes to hitmaking, his career has taken some hits recently.  Not too long ago, the Scorpion rapper went head-to-head with Kendrick Lamar. It appears the issue between Lamar and Drake kicked off following the release of Future and Metro Boomin’s “Like That,” which featured a fiery rap from Lamar, who took multiple shots at Drake. The rapper quickly fired back with “Push Ups,” where he not only called out Lamar, but Rick Ross and The Weeknd.
He would eventually follow that up with “Taylor Made Freestyle.” However, the track was quickly removed from social media due to threats from Tupac Shakur’s estate. The rapper had used AI-generated voices of Pac and Snoop Dogg. Not too long after, Kendrick fired back with two more diss tracks, “6:16 in LA” and then “Not Like Us,” which has been breaking records across multiple streaming platforms. The rapper partnered with Amazon Prime for a “pop-out” event in LA at the Kia Forum on June 19. 
In other news, DJ Mustard recently revealed why he’ll never work with Drake again. Mustard tells the LA Times he has no plans to produce a song for Drake in the near future (or ever). “I don’t think I want to make a song with that dude,” he says. The Faith Of A Mustard Seed performer says Drake is a “strange guy.” Earlier this month, Mustard referred to the rapper as the “Malcolm X of white people.”
Are you a HOT 97 VIP?  Unlock exclusive, VIP Only access to the latest news, offers, contests, events, and more.  There is no cost to join for a limited time.
Δ
#1 for Hip Hop
Copyright 2024 Hot 97