Wireless Festival is returning for 2024 and tickets go on sale soon. The hip hop and grime festival takes each year, with tens of thousands of music fans descending upon Finsbury Park in London for a long weekend of big name performances.
The festival is firmly rooted in hip hop, grime and R&B and represents forward-thinking artists from both the UK and the USA. As well as world-class artists who have pioneered their own sound, Wireless has a habit of providing a platform for the freshest talent to make a name for themselves too.
Last year's line-up saw the likes of Ice Spice, Playboi Carti, Travis Scott, 50 Cent and many more takeover the stage. The music extravaganza, which draws crowds of up to 50,000 people per day, has been held annually in Finsbury Park since 2014 - barring two years.
The three-day event will return to London's Finsbury Park in 2024. Wireless is set to take place this summer, from Friday, July 12 to Sunday, July 14.
Tickets are due to go on sale for Wireless 2024 on Monday, January 29 with an exclusive presale event for existing Barclaycard and Three customers. The presale will run from 9am on Monday, January 29 to 9am on Wednesday, January 31. You can head to Ticketmaster to secure your ticket.
Barclaycard and Barclays Premier cardholders can get 10% off exclusive presale tickets when paying with a Barclaycard and Barclays Premier Card. Three mobile users will need to download the Three+ rewards app to access the presale.
The line up for 2024 is yet to be released - though an announcement is right around the corner. Organisers plan to release the news at 9am on Monday, January 29.
A message on the Wireless website reads: "We’re back! The Official Gopuff delivers Wireless Festival lineup will be announced Monday 29th Jan, 9AM. Be ahead of the game… exclusive presales are BACK for existing Barclaycard & Three customers from 9AM 29.01.24 – 9AM 31.01.24."
You can register here with Ticketmaster to be the first to hear about the line up.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.