ComplexCon, the groundbreaking festival and exhibition of convergence culture that curates the very best in style, music, art and food, announced today that Travis Scott, his creative collective Cactus Jack, Playboi Carti and his record collective Opium will take over the 2024 Las Vegas festival as they headline the weekend.
After a wildly successful run in its hometown of Long Beach, ComplexCon will head to Sin City for the first time ever on Saturday, November 16 and Sunday, November 17, taking place at the Las Vegas Convention Center. This year’s show will grow 4x in size, spanning over 1,000,000 sq ft, with an unprecedented number of brands, exclusive drops, activations and experiences.
On Saturday, November 16th, Playboi Carti, one of the generation’s most formative artists, will headline the first night of the festival. Travis Scott, the multi-platinum, diamond-certified recording artist, producer and style icon, will headline the ComplexCon stage on Sunday, November 17th, for a highly anticipated performance that will mark a triumphant homecoming to the festival he helped inaugurate in 2016. More artists in the second wave will be announced soon.
Attendees will have the opportunity to shop hundreds of exclusive releases from today’s most sought-after brands, artists and musicians, witness inspiring talks from influential minds in our culture, and delve into the future through ComplexCon’s most ambitious festival yet. ComplexCon is the epicenter of today’s convergence culture, redefining the boundaries of style, music, sports, art, food, innovation, and beyond.
Established in Long Beach in 2016, ComplexCon has evolved into a global phenomenon, attracting the biggest names in fashion, music and art. The event is renowned for featuring exclusive releases from the likes of Nike and Adidas, and appearances by Pharrell Williams, Virgil Abloh, Nigo, J Balvin, Kid Cudi, A$AP Rocky and Hiroshi Fujiwara and artistic direction from globally acclaimed artists such as Takashi Murakami, Verdy and Cactus Plant Flea Market. Over the years, ComplexCon has grown into a global franchise with expansion to Hong Kong this past April 2024.
Also returning this year, the ComplexCon panel and live talk line-up will feature some of today’s most impactful cultural commentators and creatives. The festival’s global dialogue programming explores core topics at the forefront of pop culture and has hosted discussions with the likes of Kendrick Lamar, Kobe Bryant, Michael B. Jordan, Lil Kim, Lil Yachty, Issa Rae and Yoon Ambush in years past.
Additional details on ComplexCon 2024 programming, performance and panel lineups and featured brands will be announced soon.
VIP and general admission tickets are now available at ComplexCon.com. For more information and to stay updated on the latest festival news, follow @complexcon on TikTok, Twitter and Instagram.
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.