Here's when The Weeknd's sixth studio album Hurry Up Tomorrow is set to arrive.

													By
												

	Heran Mamo


The Weeknd announced Wednesday (Nov. 27) that he’ll release his sixth studio album, Hurry Up Tomorrow, on Jan. 24, via XO and Republic Records.

	The set will serve as the third and final installment of his latest trilogy, following 2020’s After Hours and 2022’s Dawn FM. Hurry Up Tomorrow has so far been preceded by three singles: “Dancing in the Flames,” “Timeless” with Playboi Carti and “São Paulo” featuring Anitta. “Timeless” reached No. 3 on the Billboard Hot 100 in October.

	The Weeknd debuted these songs and more from Hurry Up Tomorrow during his one-night-only show at the Estádio MorumBIS in São Paulo, Brazil, in September before he took the stage at Las Vegas’ T-Mobile Arena for the 2024 iHeartRadio Music Festival. In October, he performed at Melbourne’s Marvel Stadium and Sydney’s Accor Stadium in Australia.

	He will also be making his feature film debut in the accompanying psychological thriller film Hurry Up Tomorrow, directed by Trey Edward Shults and also starring Jenna Ortega and Barry Keoghan. The Weeknd and his frequent collaborator Daniel Lopatin (also known as Oneohtrix Point Never) will score the movie.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	The Canadian-Ethiopian superstar (real name Abel Tesfaye) revealed in his May 2023 interview with W Magazine that his next studio album would be his final one as The Weeknd. “It’s getting to a place and a time where I’m getting ready to close the Weeknd chapter. I’ll still make music, maybe as Abel, maybe as The Weeknd. But I still want to kill The Weeknd. And I will. Eventually. I’m definitely trying to shed that skin and be reborn,” he said at the time. “The album I’m working on now is probably my last hurrah as The Weeknd. This is something that I have to do. As The Weeknd, I’ve said everything I can say.”

	It’s a poetic end to this chapter of his career, considering the way he started it over a decade ago: In 2011, he dropped three mixtapes — House of Balloons, Thursday and Echoes of Silence — that were eventually remastered and repackaged into his Trilogy compilation album, which his XO label and Republic Records released the following year.

	See The Weeknd’s Hurry Up Tomorrow announcement below.
ALBUM DATE pic.twitter.com/AseBFHHv4u
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.