Complex and Verdy are partnering up once again, this time for a two-day immersive experience during Miami Art Week.
The event, dubbed Verdy Complex Miami, is set for Dec. 6 and 7 at the Faena Forum, where attendees will get a rare look at never-before-seen pieces. Among them are two sculptures of the artist’s Visty and Vick characters, with their Miami appearance marking the first time they’ve been seen by the public.
Additionally, Verdy Complex Miami visitors will have a chance to shop rare archival items, as well as limited-edition Girls Don’t Cry and Wasted Youth pieces. Fans can expect t-shirts, hoodies, and collectibles from the two labels, both of which fall under Verdy’s ever-expanding umbrella of creativity.
But that’s not all. This Friday, Dec. 6, Verdy will be hosting a meet-and-greet, offering a one-of-a-kind opportunity to speak with the man himself.
Verdy Complex Miami opens at 11 a.m. local time on Dec. 6 and wraps up its first day of availability at 7:00 p.m. The hours are the same for the second day.
In 2022, Verdy was enlisted to serve as host of that year’s edition of ComplexCon in Long Beach. The annual festival made its Vegas debut this year, complete with performances from Playboi Carti and Travis Scott, among other highlights.
Fanatics
TAKASHI MURAKAMI + DODGERS SHIRT BLUE
Fanatics
TAKASHI MURAKAMI + DODGERS SHIRT WHITE
Fanatics
TAKASHI MURAKAMI + DODGERS SHIRT BLACK
Takashi Murakami
Takashi Murakami + MLB World Tour Tokyo Series 2025 Surippa Ohana Cubs
style | BY Joe Price
Verdy Dropping Collectible Beats Pill Holder on Complex Shop
style | BY Jaelani Turner-Williams
Verdy Appointed Creative Partner at Human Made
style | BY Trace William Cowen
ComplexCon Hong Kong Enlists Verdy as Artistic Director
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.