Ashley Harding, Anchor, Reporter 
Published: May 29, 2024 at 7:42 AM
Updated: May 29, 2024 at 3:45 PM
Ashley Harding, Anchor, Reporter 
JACKSONVILLE, Fla. – A Flagler County teenager known online as “King Bob” was set to face a federal judge Wednesday afternoon in Jacksonville.
Noah Urban is accused of stealing more than $800,000 from five different people in an elaborate cryptocurrency scheme.
Urban is charged with conspiracy to commit wire fraud, nine counts of wire fraud, and four counts of aggravated identity theft.
The FBI released details Friday about a group called “Scattered Spider.” Investigators believe it is made of 1,000 young cyber criminals, and Krebs on Security and 60 Minutes reported that Urban is a key figure in the crime ring, according to its sources.
Friday marked the same day a federal judge rejected Urban’s request to be released from custody until his trial.
Urban was first arrested on a fugitive warrant in Volusia County. According to his indictment, Urban and others engaged in something the FBI has referred to as SIM swapping.
The indictment says Urban stole victims’ personal information, then arranged for the victims’ cellphone numbers to be swapped to phones that were controlled by Urban and other conspirators.
From there, the indictment says, Urban would reset the victims’ passwords, then confirm the new password via text message to gain control of the victims’ cryptocurrency accounts.
It says he would then transfer the funds into his own account.
The indictment said one of Urban’s aliases is “King Bob,” a reference to the “Minions” movie.
According to multiple reports, King Bob is also a notorious music leaker who has been linked to leaking the unreleased music of huge artists like Playboi Carti, Ariana Grande and Lil Uzi Vert. Those accusations were not included in the indictment and News4JAX was not able to independently verify the reports.
If convicted on all counts, Urban faces decades in prison.
Copyright 2024 by WJXT News4JAX - All rights reserved.
Ashley Harding joined the Channel 4 news team in March 2013. She anchors News4Jax at 5:30 and 6:30 and covers Jacksonville city hall.
email
facebook
twitter
Click here to take a moment and familiarize yourself with our Community Guidelines.
Recommended Videos
TV Listings
Email Newsletters
RSS Feeds
Contests and Rules
Contact Us
Careers at WJXT / WCWJ
Closed Captioning / Audio Description
WJXT Public File
WJXT EEO Report
WCWJ Public File
WCWJ EEO Report
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Do Not Sell My Info
FCC Applications
Cookie Preferences
If you need help with the Public File, call (904) 393-9801
At WJXT, we are committed to informing and delighting our audience. In our commitment to covering our communities with innovation and excellence, we incorporate Artificial Intelligence (AI) technologies to enhance our news gathering, reporting, and presentation processes. Read our article to see how we are using Artificial Intelligence.
Copyright © 2025 News4JAX.com is managed by Graham Digital and published by Graham Media Group, a division of Graham Holdings.