Plus, Benson Boone's "Beautiful Things" tops Global Excl. U.S. for a sixth week.

													By
												

	Gary Trust


Future, Metro Boomin and Kendrick Lamar’s “Like That” leaps in at No. 1 on the Billboard Global 200 chart.

	The track is one of three from Future and Metro Boomin’s album We Don’t Trust You that debut in the Global 200’s top 10, as the set opens at No. 1 on the U.S.-based Billboard 200 chart.

	Plus, Hozier’s “Too Sweet” begins at No. 7 on the Global 200.

	Meanwhile, Benson Boone’s “Beautiful Things” adds a sixth week at No. 1 on the Billboard Global Excl. U.S. survey.




			Trending on Billboard		






	The Billboard Global 200 and Billboard Global Excl. U.S. charts, which began in September 2020, rank songs based on streaming and sales activity culled from more than 200 territories around the world, as compiled by Luminate. The Global 200 is inclusive of worldwide data and the Global Excl. U.S. chart comprises data from territories excluding the United States.

	










	Chart ranks are based on a weighted formula incorporating official-only streams on both subscription and ad-supported tiers of audio and video music services, as well as download sales, the latter of which reflect purchases from full-service digital music retailers from around the world, with sales from direct-to-consumer (D2C) sites excluded from the charts’ calculations.

Future, Kendrick Lamar & Metro Boomin’s First Global 200 No. 1

	Future, Metro Boomin and Kendrick Lamar’s “Like That,” on Boominati/Wilburn Holding Co./Republic/Epic Records, premieres at No. 1 on the Billboard Global 200, with 91 million streams and 10,000 sold worldwide in its first week of release (March 22-28).

	Also debuting in the Global 200’s top 10 from Future and Metro Boomin’s LP We Don’t Trust You are “Type Shit,” with Travis Scott and Playboi Carti (No. 6; 56.1 million streams worldwide), and “Cinderella,” with Scott (No. 8; 43.2 million).

	Future, Metro Boomin and Lamar all top the Global 200 for the first time. Scott now boasts 10 top 10s on the tally; Future, eight; Lamar, four; Playboi Carti, three; and Metro Boomin, one.

	Benson Boone’s “Beautiful Things” drops to No. 2 after five weeks at No. 1 on the Global 200; Ariana Grande’s “We Can’t Be Friends (Wait for Your Love)” slips 2-3, two weeks after debuting at No. 1; Djo’s “End of Beginning” backtracks to No. 4 from its No. 3 high; and Teddy Swims’ “Lose Control” descends to No. 5 from its No. 4 best.

	Hozier’s “Too Sweet” debuts at No. 7 on the Global 200, with 43 million streams and 5,000 sold worldwide. The Irish singer-songwriter’s first top 10 since the chart began was first widely heard via a teaser snippet during his March 6 appearance on the How Long Gone podcast, ahead of its proper release March 22 on his four-track EP Unheard.

	










Boone No. 1 on Global Excl. U.S. for Sixth Week

	Benson Boone’s “Beautiful Things,” on Night Street/Warner Records, notches a sixth nonconsecutive week atop the Billboard Global Excl. U.S. chart, with 64.1 million streams (essentially even week-over-week) and 8,000 sold (up 18%) outside the U.S. March 22-28.

	Ariana Grande’s “We Can’t Be Friends (Wait for Your Love)” holds at No. 2 on Global Excl. U.S., two weeks after it debuted at No. 1; Djo’s “End of Beginning” rises 5-3 for a new high; Creepy Nuts’ “Bling-Bang-Bang-Born” is steady at No. 4, after hitting No. 2; and Teddy Swims’ “Lose Control” rebounds 6-5, after reaching No. 3.

	Plus, Future, Metro Boomin and Kendrick Lamar’s “Like That” debuts at No. 6 on Global Excl. U.S., led by 31.9 million streams outside the U.S. The song is the second top 10 for each act.

	The Billboard Global 200 and Billboard Global Excl. U.S. charts (dated April 6, 2024) will update on Billboard.com tomorrow, April 2. For both charts, the top 100 titles are available to all readers on Billboard.com, while the complete 200-title rankings are visible on Billboard Pro, Billboard’s subscription-based service. For all chart news, you can follow @billboard and @billboardcharts on both X, formerly known as Twitter, and Instagram.

Luminate, the independent data provider to the Billboard charts, completes a thorough review of all data submissions used in compiling the weekly chart rankings. Luminate reviews and authenticates data. In partnership with Billboard, data deemed suspicious or unverifiable is removed, using established criteria, before final chart calculations are made and published.










Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.