The director of Travis Scott's music video for "FE!N" featuring Playboi Carti is accusing BLACKPINK's Lisa of plagiarism.
On Thursday, Gabriel Moses, who directed the visual, hopped on Instagram to call out Lisa, after a fan made him aware that the BLACKPINK artist's "Rockstar" music video features a shot that looks very similar to one in "FE!N."
"A female artist imitating your work without giving you credit," a fan wrote in an email to Moses, which he shared in his Instagram Stories. "I used to listen to 'FE!N' by Travis Scott. I noticed that a female artist (Lisa from BLACKPINK) blatantly imitated a clip from 'FE!N's music video."
Alongside a screenshot of the fan's email, Moses expressed his frustration in a few posts on Instagram.
"I got mad love for all my snitches man," he wrote, adding, "Giving n****s till end of the month."
The shot in question features Lisa and her dancers in white jumpsuits, which appears similar to the clip of children with bowl haircuts wearing white uniforms in "FE!N."
"FE!N" is featured on Scott's latest studio album, Utopia, which was released in July 2023. The music video dropped back in March, with Lisa releasing the "Rockstar" visual last month.
Scott and Carti's collaboration has gone on to be a huge hit, peaking at No. 5 on the Billboard Hot 100 and No. 2 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart.
BLACKPINK fans and supporters of Lisa have argued against the accusation of plagiarism, saying the shot used in both music videos is nothing new to "FE!N."
Watch the music videos for both "FE!N" and "Rockstar" below.
music | BY Mark Elibert
Travis Scott Drops Official Music Video for "FE!N" Featuring Playboi Carti
music | BY Jaelani Turner-Williams
Travis Scott on Why He Played "FE!N" Multiple Times in a Row at Recent Show
music | BY Trace William Cowen
Travis Scott Vents Over Never Winning During "FE!N" Grammys Performance: 'They Slept on Me 10 Times!'
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.