The pair performed their collab track "Slow Motion" at Sunday's show in L.A.

													By
												

	Gil Kaufman


	There were plenty of highlights and unique moments at Tyler, the Creator‘s 10th Camp Flog Gnaw festival at Dodger Stadium in Los Angeles over the weekend. But one of the biggest surprises occurred during Matt Champion’s set when BLACKPINK’s Jennie popped out to join him for a run through their collaboration, “Slow Motion.”






	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					BLACKPINK		
					






















	
		
					JENNIE		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	With an ethereal piano figure floating behind them, Jennie exhaled the ballad’s tender lyrics as the crowd quieted down to breath in the special moment, with the pair joining up on the “moving in slow, slow motion” chorus during the live debut of the song.

	










			Trending on Billboard		








	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	







	Jennie released the solo single “Slow Motion” in March, marking her first collaboration with Brockhampton rapper/singer Champion. The K-pop superstar dropped another solo single, the party anthem “Mantra,” last month. “This that pretty girl mantra/ This that flaunt ‘cha/ Just touched down in LA,” she sings on the dance tune’s chorus.

	In addition to Tyler’s rapturously received set featuring songs from his new Chromakopia album, a two-and-a-half minute teaser trailer that dropped during the festival before The Alchemist and Friends’ set revealed that late rapper Mac Miller’s long-awaited lost album Balloonerism is slated for release “soon.” The album was recorded more than a decade ago and was reportedly slated to be released before the MC’s 2014 mixtape Faces.

	The two day Flog Gnaw fest took over Dodger Stadium on Saturday and Sunday with sets from Playboi Carti, Sexyy Red, Doechii, Erykah Badu, Omar Apollo, Denzel Curry, Vince Staples and many more. 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.