By
Tommy Richman’s “Million Dollar Baby” has been submitted for Best Rap Song for the upcoming 2025 Grammys. The move is a surprise, especially after the singer claimed he wasn’t a “hip-hop artist” not long ago. According to The Hollywood Reporter, the song is expected to be a top contender in the upcoming year’s rap category. Along with a submission for Best Rap Song, Richman has made a bid for Best Melodic Rap Performance. If nominated, Richman will compete against industry heavyweights like Kendrick Lamar, Future, 21 Savage, and Megan Thee Stallion. 
“Million Dollar Baby” gained major popularity on TikTok after being released earlier this year. It spent nearly 22 weeks atop Billboard’s Hot R&B Songs chart before being dethroned by The Weeknd and Playboi Carti’s “Timeless.” First-round voting for the 2025 Grammys ended on Tuesday (Oct.15). Nominations are scheduled to be released around Nov.8, with final votes being tallied from Dec.12 until Jan.3. The live show is expected to air on Feb.2 at Los Angeles’ Crypto.com Arena. 
Tommy Richman recently sat down with Zane Lowe to discuss “Million Dollar Baby,” his debut album Coyote, and more. Richman tells Lowe while he was grateful for the track’s success, he was initially surprised by the response.   “I thought that I was going to put out this album and that’s how I’m gonna blow up off, ‘Oh you heard this album?’” Richman also noted how TikTok impacted the track’s virality. “I used to really not like posting on TikTok,” he began.
“…And then I was like ‘Aight like let me just post four times a day. Post over and over again. We made that song like a week before…and one post [changed everything]. There was no marketing behind that, there’s no money behind that at all, it’s like one…big organic moment and it literally caught fire.” Richman added, “…They’re making jokes on Twitter and it’s like the Twitter jokes went crazy and it just took a life of its own.” 
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
Δ
Are you a HOT 97 VIP?  Unlock exclusive, VIP Only access to the latest news, offers, contests, events, and more.  There is no cost to join for a limited time.
Δ
#1 for Hip Hop
Copyright 2024 Hot 97