February 19, 2024
The features collaborations from fellow hip-hop artists such as Travis Scott and Playboi Carti, while also including West's daughter North West.
Kanye West and Ty Dolla $ign’s long-awaited joint album, Vultures, has debuted at the top of the Billboard 200 album chart. Released on Feb. 10, the album is the first project released by the artist known as Ye since 2021’s Donda. 
Billboard announced that the album is Ye’s 11th number 1 debut and his R&B collaborator’s first entry to make the top spot. With 148,000 units earned, the project consists of 16 tracks and features collaborations from fellow hip-hop artists such as Travis Scott and Playboi Carti. Ye’s daughter, 10-year-old North West, is prominently featured on the track “Talking.”
The album’s rollout has been met with its own controversies as well, including significant delays since the initial release date of October 2023. Not only were the collaborators searching for a distributor amid Ye parting ways with his label, Def Jam Recordings, they also faced challenges due to his hate speech. The album was pulled from music streamers through its independent streamer, FUGA, before being put back online with Label Engine within the 24 hours it was unavailable. 
Individual songs were also pulled from streaming due to alleged copyright infringement. Ye’s “Good (Don’t Die)” interpolated parts of Donna Summer’s 1977 hit “I Feel Love,” according to the late singer’s estate, who said the song was used without permission. Ye’s song has yet to be released back on streaming platforms but was still available for purchase at the official Yeezy website. 
The duo held “listening experiences” in many stops across the United States and internationally, including a first concert in Ye’s hometown of Chicago, where he brought his daughter to perform as well. The 46-year-old is now traveling to Europe alongside Ty Dolla $ign for stops in Italy and France. Whether or not the group will embark on a formal tour to further promote their latest project has to be announced, but they are off to a successful start. Volume two of their Vultures project is expected to be released soon.
RELATED CONTENT: Donna Summer’s Estate And Ozzy Osbourne Call Out Ye For Using Uncleared Samples For New Album
© 2025 Black Enterprise. All Rights Reserved.