"i wish you well, but far away from me," the pop star captioned her announcement.

													By
												

	Mitchell Peters


Camila Cabello is teasing more new music.

	On Friday (Aug. 30), the 27-year-old pop star announced on Instagram that she’ll be releasing an expanded edition of her latest album, C, XOXO, along with a brand new song.

	The Magic City Edition of C, XOXO will arrive on Friday, Sept. 6, and feature new single “Godspeed.”

	“i wish you well, but far away from me,” Cabello captioned a teaser video of the forthcoming tune, hinting at a possible theme about breakup.

	The brief clip finds the “I Luv It” singer swimming in a dark pool of water while donning a sparkly silver dress. “Always more stories to tell. Some new songs for your night in Magic City,” she wrote in second post announcing the deluxe album.




			Trending on Billboard		






	Cabello’s announcement comes after unconfirmed theories that Sabrina Carpenter‘s newly dropped sixth album, Short n’ Sweet, includes songs are about a potential love triangle between herself, Cabello and Shawn Mendes.

	










	Carpenter and Mendes were spotted spending time together in February 2023, a year after the “In My Blood” singer split from Cabello in November 2021. Just two months later, Cabello and Mendes were spotted rekindling their romance at Coachella.

	Songs on Carpenter’s album, including “Coincidence,” “Sharpest Tool” and “Taste,” all seem to follow a storyline about a love interest rekindling his romance with his ex-girlfriend. The corresponding “Taste” visual stars Jenna Ortega, who fans think was casted to represent Cabello in the clip.

	Cabello also seemingly added fuel to the flame, by recently sharing a TikTok singing along to her own track, “June Gloom,” which features the lyrics: “She’s cool, I heard/ Won’t act surprised, I saw the pictures/ […] If she’s so amazing, why are you on this side of town? / If you like her so much, what are you here trying to find out?”

	Cabello released her fourth album, C, XOXO, in June. The set features 14 tracks, two of which are Drake collaborations. The project was led by the singles “I Luv It” with Playboi Carti and “He Knows” with Lil Nas X.

	See Cabello’s post on Instagram below.
A post shared by camila (@camila_cabello)
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.