PinkPantheress isn’t an albums person.
The 23-year-old Heaven Knows artist, who’s set to headline this weekend’s 2024 MLS All-Star Concert in Ohio alongside Marshmello, spoke about her personal listening tendencies during a recent interview with Arshan Jawaid for Kids Take Over. Around 14 minutes into their conversation, Playboi Carti’s Die Lit and Whole Lotta Red albums were mentioned, prompting PinkPantheress to underline her song-focused approach.
"I don’t listen to albums," she said when asked whether she preferred the former to the latter. "I just listen to songs. I don’t listen to albums. That’s why when it came to my own album, I was like, 'Do people care about tracklisting?' I couldn’t believe it, you know. When I saw people review my album, some people were like, 'Oh, it’s a great album but the tracklisting doesn’t make sense.'"
Heaven Knows, the Warner UK signee's debut studio release, spans 13 tracks at 34 minutes in total length, including the megahit "Boy's a Liar Pt. 2" with Ice Spice. Brevity, in general, is key to how PinkPantheress works. In a recent interview for ABC News' Prime Playlist series, she said her penchant for writing concise songs was simply the result of decidedly intentional experimentation. As she sees it, a song "doesn't need to be" any longer than two and a half minutes.
"Turn It Up," PinkPantheress’ latest, arrived that same month and tops out at two minutes and 27 seconds, so essentially right on the mark.
Starting Friday, PinkPantheress will be on the road as support for Olivia Rodrigo’s Guts World Tour. See a full list of dates below.
music | BY Joe Price
PinkPantheress On Why Her Songs Are Short: "A Song Doesn't Need To Be Longer Than 2 Minutes 30 [Seconds]"
music | BY Jose Martinez
Usher Tells Hilarious Story of Son Stealing His Phone to DM PinkPantheress
style | BY Trace William Cowen
Ice Spice and PinkPantheress Star in Latest SKIMS Campaign
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.