Quavo unveiled a collab clip that'll be tough to get out of your head once you've hit play.

													By
												

	Ashley Iasimone


	Is Lana Del Rey and Quavo‘s “Tough” almost here? The pair unexpectedly teased the new track Wednesday night (June 19), leaving fans of both artists shaking in the comments on Instagram.

	Quavo unveiled a clip of “Tough” that will be, well, tough to get out of your head once you’ve hit play. He tagged Lana on the post.

	Together, they sing: “Tough like the scarf on a pair of old leather boots/ Like the blue-collar, red-dirt attitude/ Like a .38 made out of brass/ Tough like the stuff in my grandpa’s glass/ Life’s gonna do what it does/ Sure as the good lord’s up above/ Cut like a diamond shining in the rough, tough.”

	










	A release date for “Tough” has not been announced. Billboard reached out to reps for comment.




			Trending on Billboard		






	Though details at press time are scarce, fans appreciated the new song sneak Tuesday night.

	“The way you can seamlessly mix genres and not make it seem like a gimmick is TALENT!! This sounds so goodddddddddddd,” one follower praised, while another complimented, “No, like this sounds insane.” Someone compared it to the kind of top-tier pairing you get “when the teacher picks for the group project.”

	“oh my lust for life roots are SHAKING,” a Lana fan wrote, referencing the singer-songwriter’s 2017 album that had features with A$AP Rocky and Playboi Carti, among others. 

	Quavo uploaded a brief bit of “Tough” on Instagram last month, but Lana’s vocal hook on the track hadn’t been shared until now. In that first clip of the song, posted on May 9, the Migos star talks over a Western-guitar-and-trap-beat outro, with Lana in the background. He tells her, “I’ll show you around … Come take a ride with me. Whenever. Whenever you ready, call on me.”

	“If u come from where u come then u were born….Tough!” he captioned the post, which pictured a Polaroid of the two hanging out on the front porch of a house. 

	In February, Quavo released “Himothy,” his first solo offering of 2024, after dropping sophomore solo album Rocket Power in 2023. More recently fans have heard “Over Hoes & B—es,” released in response to a Chris Brown track. On Tuesday (June 18), which would have been his late nephew Takeoff’s 30th birthday, Quavo hosted a summit against gun violence in Atlanta, with Vice President Kamala Harris.

	Lana — who’s recently spoken of an upcoming country album, Lasso, the follow-up to 2023’s Did You Know That There’s a Tunnel Under Ocean Blvd — is scheduled to perform at Boston’s Fenway Park on Thursday (June 20). She’s been on the spring/summer festival circuit, having played this year’s Coachella, Hangout, I-Days and Primavera Sound, with Reading, Leeds and Rock en Seine to come; the one-night-only, sold-out show at Fenway will mark her first U.S. stadium headlining concert.

	










	Listen to Lana Del Rey and Quavo’s latest preview of “Tough” below.
A post shared by QuavoHuncho (@quavohuncho)
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.