By CODIE BULLEN FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  10:15, 29 January 2024   |  Updated:  10:47, 29 January 2024   
 5
View  comments
Wireless Festival has announced the first wave of acts for its 2024 edition.
Nicki Minaj, 21 Savage, Doja Cat and J Hus have been confirmed as headline acts for this year's event.
The three-day event will return to its original home, Finsbury Park in North London between July 12-14.
Around 50,000 rap, R&B and hip-hop fans head to the festival each year - and it's not too late to secure your spot.
Here's everything you need to know about the three day event. 
Wireless Festival has announced the first wave of acts for its 2024 edition
The three-day event will return to its original home, Finsbury Park in North London between July 12-14
The first set of headliners have just landed - with Nicki Minaj , 21 Savage, Doja Cat and J Hus returning to the Wireless Mainstage. 
Speaking on the announcement, London-born rapper 21 Savage said: 'I'm so happy to be returning home to the UK and headlining Wireless for the very first time.'
Elsewhere, Future, Ice Spice, Asake, Rema, Gunna, Sean Paul have been confirmed for what is set to be a mind-blowing weekend.
The weekend will also host appearances from celebrated DJs and broadcasters from BBC 1Xtra DJ Target, Kenny Allstar, Nadia Jae, Remi Burgz, Seani B and Snoochie Shy. 
Further line-up announcements are set to be made in the coming weeks and months.
Weekend tickets, priced at £258.25, go on sale on Wednesday, with two-day tickets starting at £175.50 and day tickets from £94.60.
Plus you can get payment plan tickets, which allows you to pay the ticket across a number of months. 
The three-day festival, owned and managed by Live Nation, hosts some of the biggest names in hip-hop and R&B.
Nicki Minaj , 21 Savage, Doja Cat (pictured) and J Hus have been confirmed as headline acts for this year's event
Speaking on the announcement, London-born rapper 21 Savage said: 'I'm so happy to be returning home to the UK and headlining Wireless for the very first time.'
While it started as primarily a rock and pop festival in 2005, in recent years it has focused on urban music.
Last year, Wireless signed a five-year deal with Haringey Council to be held in Finsbury Park every summer until at least 2027.
The 2023 edition saw Playboi Carti, Travis Scott, D-Block Europe and 50 Cent appear across the weekend. 
And it 2022, Nicki Minaj, Cardi B, SZA and Megan Thee Stallion put on stellar performances.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group