It follows Tyla and Digga D dropping out the festival with no replacements
Wireless Festival has announced it will finish early on Sunday in time for the Euro 2024 final.
The Finsbury Park festival will start today (July 12), but following the news of last-minute dropouts Tyla and Digga D, the festival took to social media to announce its early closure.
Tyla cancelled her festival appearances and upcoming world tour due to a long-term injury. Digga D has not specified the reason for his cancellation, but the drill rapper was arrested on drug charges whilst on livestream back in May this year.
Now, Wireless will finish at 7pm on Sunday, which the festival stated was “to give you plenty of time to travel home to watch the EURO final England vs Spain match”.
Although details of full stage times are expected to be released later today, Doja Cat will still perform her full headline set as planned.
A post shared by Wireless Festival (@wirelessfest)
Last year’s Wireless Festival took place at Finsbury Park in July 2023. Travis Scott, Playboi Carti and D-Block Europe were named as UK-exclusive headliners. Other artists on the bill included Lil Uzi Vert, Headie One, Joey Bada$$, Lil Durk, Popcaan, Lola Brooke and Glorilla.
Attending last year’s edition of Wireless, NME wrote: “The disjointed scheduling luckily doesn’t halt all the fun as there’s almost always something new and exciting to discover. Guest appearances overshadow some sets and the crowd doesn’t cause as much havoc as we’ve seen before. There’s still love for the festival as it approaches its 20th anniversary, but it’s less prominent than it has been before.”
Wireless announced last year that they would be relocating to Finsbury Park after moving the iconic festival to Crystal Palace Park in 2021 following the pandemic.
There was an arrangement for the festival to take place at venues such as Hyde Park, Harewood House and the Queen Elizabeth Olympic Park on a year-by-year basis. However, this was changed following Haringey Council signing a five-year deal with Festival Republic, the promoter of Wireless. The move was made to raise “significant income’ for North London as well as boost the local economy.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.