PARIS, FRANCE – JANUARY 23: Ye attends the Kenzo Fall/Winter 2022/2023 show as part of Paris Fashion Week on January 23, 2022 in Paris, France.
Kanye West will not be the only recording artist in the family as his 10-year-old daughter, North West, will soon release her debut album. The album is still in the beginning stages, but a family friend says Kanye is "all in" on making his daughter a star.
"Everybody’s excited," Justin Laboy told TMZ of North's upcoming album. "Ye’s putting everything, all chips in on her – production, the best engineers. I think she’s got it."
North made the announcement herself during a Vultures listening party on March 10, according to a fan's video on social media.
"And I’ve been working on an album," she shared. "And it’s called Elementary School Dropout."
The project's title pays homage to Kanye's 2004 debut album The College Dropout. According to Laboy, North is featuring her friends on the project and records at least ten freestyles a day.
While the 10-year-old's first project is brewing, she has already made history in the music industry. She is the youngest artist to ever appear on the Billboard Hot 100 for her feature in Ye's "Talking" on Vultures. The song debuted at No. 30 on the Hot 100. She is also the youngest to ever appear on the Billboard's Emerging Artist chart as well.
While there's some excitement around North's budding music career, fans really want to hear what Kanye and Ty Dolla $ign have brewing for the Vultures sequel.  In no surprise to Ye fans, Vultures 2 did not drop on March 8 as previously announced.
In an alleged direct message between a fan account (@yefanatics) and Kanye, the rapper said that he and Ty Dolla $ign are still working on the project.
"Hi Ye. Will Vultures 2 be available today?" the fan account asked the rapper on March 8, to which he replied: "We in the lab."
According to Billboard, Ye and Ty played some songs at their Vultures 2 listening party, which included "Enemies," "Believin" featuring Project Pat, "Promotion" featuring Future, "Slide," "Dead" with Future and Lil Durk as well as "Field Trip/Venom" featuring Don Toliver, Playboi Carti and Lil Durk.
There has not been an announced release day for Vultures 2 at this time.
Hip-Hop is celebrating its 50th anniversary this year. While the genre is one of the youngest, its impact has been massive. The genre originated in the early '70s in New York in African-American communities in the Bronx. Hip-hop starts with the music: rapping, DJing, and freestyling. But those elements led to others, including breakdancing and graffiti art.
Hip-hop has been in the mainstream in ways that its founders never would have dreamed.
"When we started on this journey decades ago, we were often told, 'No.' No, you won't be able to leave New Jersey. No, if you rap, you can't sing. No, singers can't become actresses. No, actors can't also produce," Queen Latifah said to Entertainment Weekly in a statement as she is set to become the first female rap artist to be celebrated at the Kennedy Center Honors.
"To now be recognized amongst so many multi-hyphenates feels unbelievable, not for just me and my team, but for our community. I'm beyond grateful for this recognition."
Throughout this year, hip-hop has been celebrated in performances by some of the greats. At the 2023 BET Awards, there were performances by MC Lyte, Big Daddy Kane, The Sugarhill Gang, D-Nice, Warren G, Yo-Yo, Trick Daddy, Trina, Uncle Luke, Redman, Erick Sermon, and Keith Murray -- also known as "Def Squad," and more highlighted rap on Culture's Biggest Night.
Earlier this year, Questlove curated a hip-hop tribute at the 2023 Grammy Awards where Missy Elliott, Run DMC, Salt n Pepa, Public Enemy, Grandmaster Flash, Ice-T, Queen Latifah, Busta Rhymes with Spliff Star, Nelly, GloRilla, Lil Baby, and more took to the stage. That led to a summer tour featuring the Roots and LL Cool J where they were joined by different hip-hop legends at each stop on the tour.
If you have been a fan since the beginning or you've just begun listening, you'll learn more from these projects. Take a look at five documentaries on these hip-hop artists:
Biggie and Tupac is a full-length documentary on the lives and tragedies of the hip-hop icons, both of whom were taken from us far too soon. Besides footage of Biggie and Tupac, you will also see appearances from Snoop Dogg, Lil Cease, and more. You can stream Biggie and Tupac  on Amazon Prime Video.
Jay-Z is one of the best rappers ever. The New York native's 2004 documentary Fade to Black shows fans how he got started. At the center of this film is Jay-Z's sold-out Madison Square Garden concert in 2003... which, at the time, were supposed to be his final shows. There are appearances from his wife Beyoncé, Pharrell Williams, Kanye West and more. It took about 15 years for this documentary to be available to stream and it is worth the wait. You can stream Fade To Black on Tidal or Amazon Prime.
Jeen-yuhs: A Kanye Trilogy takes us back to where it all began for Kanye West: the Southside of Chicago. Kanye West's artistry has impacted hip-hop like no other, as his diverse skills in producing and designing put him in a league of his own. You can stream Jeen-yuhs: A Kanye Trilogy on Netflix.
Nas: Time Is Illmatic  takes a deep dive into Nas' iconic debut album Illmatic. In the New York native's documentary you will also hear accounts from Alicia Keys, Q-Tip, Busta Rhymes and Pharrell. You can stream Nas: Time Is Illmatic  on Peacock.
https://www.fuse.tv/v/eminem-count-me-in/b068fe5935e445f144177ad06023ac7b

Eminem has had quite a career in hip-hop and this documentary takes a look at many of his accolades. In 2022 he performed at the Super Bowl alongside Dr. Dre, Kendrick Lamar, Snoop Dogg, Mary J. Blige, and 50 Cent. He was also inducted into the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame last year for his contributions to hip-hop. You can stream Eminem: Count Me In on Amazon Prime Video.
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!