Killer Mike, Chance The Rapper, Tommy Richman, BNYX, Kay Flock and more also unleash new heat.

	Today is Friday, which means there are a ton of new releases to look forward to from some of your favorite Hip-Hop artists. To help you unwind and enjoy the weekend, check out VIBE’s picks of songs and albums you should hear and add to your soundtrack of weekend festivities.

Big Sean’s Better Me Than You feels like a comeback album. Four years passed since his last LP Detroit 2 and he succeeds in being one of the few rappers of late who have released a great project after a long hiatus. The raps are sharp and refined; in the past, where the highlights would be his punchlines and metaphors, here he excels at storytelling and displaying the complex duality of humanity. 

	






















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Kendrick Lamar Called "Hypocrite" For Performing With "Deadbeat" Playboi Carti After Dissing Drake		
			







	There are bops galore, like his flip of Usher’s Superstar on “Who You Are,” “It Is What It Is” featuring Gunna, and “Get You Back” featuring Cash Cobain. This album serves as a reminder of why he was one of the brightest stars in the blog era and why he has had such longevity. – Armon Sadler

	It’s time Doechii’s gotten her just due. The Florida native has simply been rapping circles around her peers and showcasing the breadth of her artistry via a consistent string of releases throughout the course of the year. On Alligator Bites Never Heal, Doechii’s new studio album, she delivers a smorgsaborg of impressive selections to choose from, which range from fiery lyrical spills to melodic-driven grooves. 

	“STANKA POOH”, the opening song on the project, finds her theorizing her demise in self-deprecating fashion, rapping, “If I died today, I’d die a bastard/ TikTok rapper, part-time YouTube actor” atop a mury backdrop produced by Devin MalikKal Banx.

	Subsequent heaters like “BULLFROG” and “CATFISH” captures Doechii schooling her lyrical peers, whereas “WAIT” is a breezy offering that finds the raptress in a languid zone. Alligator Bites Never Heal reaches a high point on “DEATH ROLL,” as the TDE artist reflects on the circumstances surrounding her fame and fortune. 

	“I contemplate how’d it ever get like this/ I contemplate how’d I ever get this rich/ Or get this bag/ I wonder what them labels see in a bi**h this Black,” she rhymes, conveying her unease regarding the isolation and uncertainty that can come with success.

	










	Running 19 songs in length, Alligator Bites Never Heal contains tracks that stand a cut above others, such as “PROFIT,” NISSAN ALTIMA,” “SLIDE,” and “BEVERLY HILLS,” but overall, the album is devoid of any overt blemishes. – Preezy Brown

A$AP Rocky’s “Tailor Swif” is his signature high-energy Houston bop with spirited delivery and attempted catchy punchlines. “Mary had a little lamb, but my mama need a GOAT.” This is one of the better records he has released of late, though it being indistinguishable from his early music makes it a bit underwhelming. 

	Production-wise, it is incredibly strong. Nice drum and snares, soothing flutes in the background, but a bit chaotic with the backing vocals coming in and out. Ultimately, this track doesn’t create much more hype for Rocky’s forthcoming album Don’t Be Dumb. But for the core fans, they got what they love from him. – AS

Killer Mike‘s latest single, “Detonator,” is a high-octane fusion of ferocious lyricism and cutting-edge production. Reuniting with Run The Jewels groupmate El-P, who crafts the track’s explosive beats, “Detonator” was inspired by the adrenaline-pumping world of Call of Duty: Black Ops 6. The song was first revealed during a Call of Duty NEXT livestream event, where Killer Mike’s intense energy and aggressive flow captivated fans. 

	“When Activision told me the theme of the game and what they were looking for I knew exactly who to call, plus I’ve been itching to rap on some El-P beats,” the Atlanta native explained of the collaboration. 

	This release marks his first since his critically acclaimed Michael & The Mighty Midnight Revival: Songs For Sinners & Saints, a companion piece to his Grammy Award-winning album, Michael, which dropped earlier this summer. “Detonator” showcases Killer Mike’s unyielding power as a lyricist, offering a raw and electrifying return to form. – PB











Chance The Rapper continued his streak of strong releases with “3333.” The soulful track is loaded with scintillating piano keys, a harmonious gospel chorus, and is signatures screeches. His flows are compact and collected. There is a poise that the Chicago rapper has shown lately which had been missing over the years. 

	It is unclear what has him so confident and motivated, but his approach to tracks feels reminiscent of his prime from the early 2010s. “3333” may not be as good as “Bad Boys 2,” but it is still a refreshing listen and creates even more intrigue as to what fans will receive when he finally unleashes Star Line. – AS

Tommy Richman continues to build on his streak of hazy party starters with “Thought You Were The One,” a track that finds him in a lovelorne zone while crooning over drum loops, synths and electronic keys. Following previous hits “Million Dollar Baby” and “Devil Is a Lie,” “Thought You Were The One” is unveiled on the heels of Richman’s debut album, COYOTE, being announced, which is slated to drop in late September and marks one of fall’s most anticipated releases. – PB

BNYX, Yeat, and Superheaven delivered a banger for the “vibes” crowd in “Go Again.” If you’re seeking otherworldly production, unintelligible lyrics, and rage, this is the track for you. BNYX continues to show why he is one of the best producers in this current era and subgenre of rap. 

	There is also something endearing about Yeat’s vocals and flows which both clash and sync with the chaotic beat. This track sounds like a Playboi Carti or Lil Uzi Vert feature would’ve put it in another echelon, but it is solid as is. Throw this in the win column for BNYX and Yeat. – AS











	“Fed Up” is a banger, through and through. Kay Flock’s dark, brooding vocals skate across the drill production and his “like” ad lib is an earworm that one has to really be listening to catch. Lil Tjay‘s higher-pitched vocals and flow switch present a nice contrast. They utilize a synth common to Pop Smoke records, adding a nice element of nostalgia to this record. 

	Kay Flock and Lil TJay should definitely work together more. The drill scene has been taken over by the sexy drill gang, but there is still a place for the angrier, more violent iteration. “Fed Up” is a win. – AS

	Having tempered its release with the warm-up singles “Haysoos” and “Ice Burg (Good Run),” Rasheed Chappell’s new album, NONSTOP: JFK>ATL, makes its arrival, as the New Jersey native delivers a strong body of work with quality that travels. Beginning with the introductory groove, “Atlanta Bound,” NONSTOP: JFK>ATL includes a host of highlights, such as “ATLegeance” and the reminiscent number “Momma’s House.” 

	Rounded out by “MADE,” a bruising tour de force that finds Chappell hitting on all cylinders, and “Shows Over,” on which he laments the trials and tribulations that come with life as an artist. While the track subtly hints at a possible departure from the game for Chappell, NONSTOP: JFK>ATL makes such a thought ill-advised, as there isn’t any question if he’s capable of delivering, only if he’s willing. – PB

	Doodie Lo’s latest single, “Tweakers,” is a dynamic showcase of chemistry and charisma, featuring standout verses from Detroit’s Skilla Baby and New Orleans’ Rob49. Each artist brings their own fiery energy to the track, with Skilla Baby highlighting their collective synergy, rapping, “Only the family can play with me, I tweak like Doodie Lo.”

	










	The accompanying video, directed by Justin Kim, complements the track with a vibrant display of the trio’s magnetic performances as they trade verses with effortless style. “Tweakers” is the latest glimpse into Doodie Lo’s highly anticipated album, What Made Me, which due out September 27th via EMPIRE.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.