The Houston rapper had a lot of love for Ye's G.O.O.D Music, whom he would later sign to. 

							By 

	Armon Sadler

Hip-Hop Reporter

Travis Scott is the internet’s current target for jokes after one of his alleged old college essays surfaced online. The 33-year-old rapper wrote about Kanye West‘s G.O.O.D Music label and its signees Kid Cudi and Big Sean.

	The Houston rapper attended the University of Texas at San Antonio before dropping out to pursue a full-time music career. In 2009, he seemingly wrote an essay about Ye and the label he would later sign to as a producer. “Good Music is known all around the world,” Scott wrote. “Rappers such as Big Sean and Kid Cudi are well-known rappers that had similar lifestyles but different messages. What they had in common carried them an opportunity to get sign to an multi-million dollar company called G.O.O.D MUSIC.”

	










	He gushed over Cudi and Sean’s courage to approach Ye through a myriad of typos. “Both of these rappers had enough courage to step up to the famous Kanye West and rap there heart which led them to instant success,” he wrote. “Even though these two moguls are sign to the same label and are part of the same music family there styles and there background are different but they were brought together by a beautiful sound we call music.”
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Ye's Former Manager Free Maiden Shoots Down Extortion Accusations		
			






Travis Scott's 2009 college essay about G.O.O.D Music, Kid Cudi & more trolled endlessly online pic.twitter.com/M3BXJCk8aU

	Neither Travis Scott nor the university have confirmed whether this essay is real or not, but internet users didn’t need the truth to let their jokes off. “This mf had no choice but to be a rapper he stupid as hell,” one fan wrote on social media. “College…?” one fan asked while another speculated that he wrote the essay five minutes before his class began. 

	While a major in English clearly wasn’t Scott’s forte, he seemingly manifested his future success with the contents of this essay. He signed with G.O.O.D Music in 2012 and has been one of Kanye West’s constant collaborators in the ensuing years. He also worked with Kid Cudi on numerous occasions and at one point, the duo even promoted a joint album which was later shelved.

	Scott’s relationship with Ye and G.O.O.D Music helped him to break through and become one of music’s biggest stars today. Most recently, he released his latest LP Utopia in July 2023. The album featured Drake, Bad Bunny, The Weeknd, Beyoncé, SZA, Future, Playboi Carti, and more. Utopia debuted at No. 1 on the Billboard 200 and maintained the top spot on the chart for four weeks. It has remained on the chart for 42 weeks, closing in on his 2015 album Rodeo which was on the Billboard 200 for 59 weeks. 

	










	Travis Scott also recently appeared on Future and Metro Boomin’s March 2024 collaborative album We Don’t Trust You. He was featured on “Type Sh*t” alongside Playboi Carti and “Cinderella.” In January, he joined 21 Savage on “Née-Nah” from his latest album American Dream. The 10-time Grammy nominee also joined Tyla on the remix to her popular record “Water” in November 2023 and “Aye” from Lil Uzi Vert’s June 2023 album Pink Tape. Listen to Utopia above. 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.