Inked newsletter
"*" indicates required fields
Δ
June 14th, 2024
Rich Forever, the trap trio comprised of Rich The Kid, Famous Dex and Jay Critch, are influential forces in their own right. But together, they are curating an undeniable niche in hip-hop to foster the genre’s creative evolution.
The super collective symbolizes fame, fortune and flexing, apparent in their lyrical content, drip and moniker. Sharing powerful chemistry as party starters with an artistic formula that is refreshing the architecture of rap groups, Rich Forever is focused on having a good time. Their latest installment from the Rich Forever series, Rich Forever 5 set to be released July 12 through Create Music Group, reinforces each member’s individuality in personality, attitude and star power while also delivering a cohesive raw energy sound. The Rich Forever collective further delves into expanding their broad appeal and flexing anthems. On the single “Rich & Reckless,” the crew highlights their melodic bars playful charm that exudes confidence, while the track “Big Dawg,” with its bouncy bass-heavy beat, offers listeners an ear full of braggadocio talk that speaks to their young legend status, inviting repeat listens. Cole Bennett, founder of the entertainment platform Lyrical Lemonade, directed the visuals for “Big Dawg,” capturing the cinematic essence of the guys’ laid-back yet animated and trippy personas. Rich The Kid, Famous Dex and Jay Critch have curated a body of bold work with experimentation and interpretation, allowing them to exhibit their artistry to its fullest potential. Looking to take the art form to the next stratosphere, this act is on a quest to live life to the limit; all gas and no brakes.
In 2017, Rich the Kid put a chokehold on the culture when he dropped the viral hit “New Freezer” featuring Kendrick Lamar and was credited as one of the early pioneers of his city’s trap scene. His stellar career includes a slew of wildly popular singles, in addition to iconic alignments with Lil Wayne, Young Thug, Kodak Black, Lil Tjay and Migos. His full-length 2018 debut, The World Is Yours, secured the number two spot on the Billboard 200. Fast forward to 2024 and he, along with Playboi Carti, yielded their first #1 single with “Carnival” from Ye and Ty Dolla $ign’s VULTURES 1, an album that also debuted at #1 on Billboard’s 200 and remained there for weeks. The single “Carnival” remained #1 on Spotify, Apple Music, Tik Tok and Billboard’s Hot 100 for weeks dethroning Beyonce herself becoming one of the most streamed hip hop songs of 2024.
Although Famous Dex hails from the south side of Chicago, the ambitious lyricist was heavily influenced by southern hip-hop. After finding some chart success with Dex Meets Dexter, his 2018 debut, he continued to grind it out releasing a flurry of mixtapes that kept his name circulating in the game. Famous Dex eventually signed with RFM and hit the Billboard Hot 100 chart with the A$AP Rocky collaboration, “Pick It Up.” In 2020, he dropped his second studio album Diana, in honor of his mother, which featured guest spots from Trippie Redd and Wiz Khalifa. A born and bred New Yorker, Jay Critch was considered a hometown hero during his initial rise on the music scene in 2017 even though he’s been fine-tuning his skills since the age of 14. He knows how to interpret the narrative of an east coast vibe setter with a distinct level of cool, which is why his buzz increased with every money-minded bar he dropped. The multi-gifted spitter has an impressive list of features under his designer belt including names like Cardi B, French Montana and A Boogie wit da Hoodie.
Excellent storytellers, each member of Rich Forever has a passion for their craft and admires one another’s artistic greatness. They are individually talented yet collectively unstoppable. Knowing how to hold the attention of their broad fan base, this accomplished team has only scratched the surface.
Inked Magazine caught up with Rich The Kid and Famous Dex in NYC and shot the two rappers for our latest digital cover.
Available July 12 – Pre-Save the new album Rich Forever 5 here.
Purchase official Rich Forever merchandise here.
Stagecoach 2025 delivered epic performances, unforgettable moments, and nonstop energy under the desert skies of Indio, California.
Coachella 2025 Weekend One delivered epic sets from Post Malone, Lady Gaga, Travis Scott, Billie Eilish, and more!
Inked Magazine’s 2024 Cover Girl competition winners strut their beauty and body art beachside. 
Input your search keywords and press Enter.