PinkPantheress isn’t really into albums.
The 23-year-old ‘Heaven Knows’ artist, is set to headline this weekend’s 2024 MLS All-Star Concert in Ohio alongside Marshmello.
She discussed her listening habits in a recent interview with Arshan Jawaid for Kids Take Over. Around 14 minutes into their conversation, Playboi Carti’s Die Lit and Whole Lotta Red albums were mentioned, leading PinkPantheress to highlight her preference for individual songs.
“I don’t listen to albums,” she said when asked which of the two she preferred. “I just listen to songs. That’s why when it came to my own album, I was like, ‘Do people care about tracklisting?’ I couldn’t believe it, you know. When I saw people review my album, some were like, ‘Oh, it’s a great album but the tracklisting doesn’t make sense.’”
‘Heaven Knows’, her debut studio album under Warner UK, features 13 tracks with a total length of 34 minutes, including the hit “Boy’s a Liar Pt. 2” with Ice Spice.
Brevity is essential to PinkPantheress’s creative process. In a recent interview for ABC News’ Prime Playlist series, she mentioned that her tendency to write short songs is the result of intentional experimentation. She believes a song “doesn’t need to be” any longer than two and a half minutes.
“Turn It Up,” her latest release, also adheres to this principle, clocking in at two minutes and 27 seconds.


PinkPantheress Isn’t Really Into Albums 
						was originally published on
						hot1009.com



									Former Turkey Leg Hut Owner Charged in Bar 5015 Fire								

									Listen Live								

									Shannon Sharpe Shares He Is “Electing To Step Aside From ESPN Duties” Amid Sexual Assault Lawsuit								

									[VIDEO] Tina Knowles Opens Up About Breast Cancer Diagnosis								

									Show Mom She Means The World! Enter The Big Mama Brunch Giveaway								

									Beyonce & Jay-Z Sex Tape On Yacht Leaked {NSFW}								

									Win $250 and Tickets to the 'We Them Ones' Comedy Tour May 2								

									Feelin' Lucky? Enter to Play 'Lucky Number Seven' and Win BIG!!								

					We care about your data. See our privay policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.