Following the sudden passing of Rich Homie Quan on Thursday (Sept. 5), numerous celebrities, athletes, and fans expressed their grief and shared tributes to the late rapper.
Jacquees and Boosie Badazz were among the first artists to pay homage on social media. "Rest in Peace my brother Rich Homie Quan. I love you for Life. #Richgang," tweeted R&B singer and Decatur, Georgia native Jacquees, who also shared a picture of the two at a party with the caption, “Legend.” Boosie Badazz tweeted, “Just talked to you bra #tipquan never go forget yo smile n the way you talked n of course yo music,” adding in a follow-up post, “We got some good ass memories together n that go always bring a smile to my face #restupquan we was cooking up some s--- too.”
Engineer Alex Tumay, known for his work with both Young Thug and Rich Homie Quan, also paid tribute. “One of the nicest people I ever worked with and a true artist. Absolutely crushing news. RIP,” he tweeted.
Playboi Carti and Quavo both shared tributes on their Instagram Stories, with Quavo posting a picture of Migos and Rich Gang from their early days, captioned, “May God be with us, never saw this being apart of our journey.”
Atlanta Hawks point guard Trae Young's post, which had over 2,000 likes and 56,000 impressions in nine hours, read, “The A lost a great Artist but an even better Person today… always check on your brothers man [broken heart emoji].” The Atlanta Hawks also shared a message, “Rest in power, Rich Homie Quan. A beloved member of our community and a powerful presence in Atlanta’s music world.”
Michigan State fans and alumni reflected on the impact of Rich Homie Quan’s song “Type of Way” during their 2013-2014 Rose Bowl season. Tony Lippett, a former Michigan State player, now in the NFL, wrote, “RIP Potna [prayer hand emoji]. You will be remembered 4Eva.” The Michigan State Content page posted a photo of Rich Homie Quan wearing a Rose Bowl Championship hat.
Deion Sanders Jr. also paid tribute, sharing a personal video of himself dancing to Quan’s music, writing, “Rip Rich Homie Quan.”
According to Billboard, Rich Homie Quan, born Dequantes Lamar, passed away on Thursday, Sept. 5. “On Thursday, 5 September 2024, the Fulton County Medical Examiner was notified by Grady Memorial Hospital of the death of Dequantes Devontay Lamar,” read a statement shared by the medical examiner.
Rich Homie Quan made his mark in 2013 with the breakout hit "Type of Way" and continued to gain fans with tracks like "Flex (Ooh, Ooh, Ooh)" and "Ride Out."
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!