The Michigan Daily

					One hundred and thirty-four years of editorial freedom				
The ideas, aesthetics and sounds introduced during the Soundcloud era (2015-19) and its aftermath have been instrumental in shaping both modern hip-hop and mainstream popular music. Driven by daring, aggressive production and penned with minimalist, hedonistic lyrics more intended to fit the beat than mean anything on their own, rappers who got their start on SoundCloud often rapidly shot to superstardom and embraced a unique mix of vintage fashion and haute couture. The thing that made the SoundCloud movement distinct, however, was the way music was produced and accessed. Anyone with a valid email address can post and listen to songs on SoundCloud for free, and with a pirated copy of Logic Pro and less than $100 worth of audio equipment, an industrious teenager with the right mix of talent and mischievousness can churn out musical innovation. 
While most of the SoundCloud era’s stars have either faded into irrelevance (Lil Skies, Lil Pump), become chart-topping streaming heavyweights (Lil Uzi Vert, 21 Savage) or tragically passed away (Juice WRLD, XXXTENTACION), few still actually post their music on the platform. In aggregate, they seem to have lost the brashness that rocketed them to fame. Well, everyone besides Playboi Carti. Releasing music only on rare occasions, the elusive Atlantan has cultivated both a unique sound and a fanatically loyal cult following. His 2020 Christmas present, Whole Lotta Red, is possibly the most important hip-hop album of the decade so far. So why does he hate dropping Music?
Three albums in seven years isn’t a terrible pace. But considering the many occasions on which he has teased a release date and proceeded to drop nothing, along with the treasure trove of leaked music Carti acolytes have made available online, any period of dormancy just feels longer. Come December 2023 — three years removed from WLR — the man who has made a career out of subverting expectations did just that. Using what was essentially a finsta (eat your heart out, Opium thugs), he released “A Different Day,” a tender, PluggnB-inspired autotune ballad. Unsure whether this was a snippet, single or simply a disappearing Instagram story, fans quickly made sure the song remained on the internet through file-sharing services like, say, Soundcloud. 
The second single, “2024,” released soon after on YouTube with an accompanying video. Featuring cars, experimental high fashion and coordinated dances in gas station parking lots, Carti growls breathlessly, shrieks like a banshee and confirms his album will be coming this year. This explicit confirmation (along with a music video, something traditionally considered more tangible) sent fans into a frenzy, and the leak factory churned into action again. This time, however, Carti and his team have devised an answer to the repeated violation of his creative privacy: No promotional singles have been released through paid streaming services, instead living on Carti’s finsta (@opium_00pium), YouTube and Soundcloud. 
Carti has released four more songs since, all on Instagram, each building more fan fervor than the last. The most recent, “KETAMINE,” sees Carti further embrace metal and industrial aesthetics. The track is built around a heavily distorted guitar, jumbled drums and frenzied chants from the man himself. 
This album rollout (if it ever comes) should be seen as both genius marketing and a warning to streaming services and leakers: The status quo is due to change soon, and artists like Carti are the vanguard of those aiming to secure a bigger cut of streaming revenues.  
Daily Arts Writer Ryan Brace can be reached at rcbrace@umich.edu.
Please consider donating to The Michigan Daily

Stanford Lipsey Student Publications Building

420 Maynard St, Ann Arbor, MI 48109



Edited and managed by the students at the University of Michigan since 1890

[ditty id=484978]