“I’m in a good mood today.”
These were the words from Travis Scott, just minutes into his weekend-closing set at ComplexCon 2024. And why wouldn’t he be? Even before stepping on stage on Sunday evening, Travis had already conquered the festival, which, in many ways, served as a tribute to him as one of the most influential figures in hip-hop.
The crowd was already hyped after Playboi Carti and Metro Boomin closed the first night of ComplexCon on Saturday evening. Travis Scott wrapped up the weekend in thrilling fashion. He took the stage with a design familiar to fans of Utopia—a minimalistic rocky terrain, with Travis positioned in the center on a high beam. From there, he could look over the thousands in attendance and command the crowd.
After spending the last year performing Utopia around the globe—capped off by an epic performance at MetLife Stadium—Travis’ ComplexCon set felt broader in scope. For nearly an hour, he delivered a set that touched on most of the different eras of his career, seamlessly moving between songs without breaking them into distinct segments. He expertly blended well-known arena bangers like “Butterfly Effect” with album cuts like “Skeleton,” creating a mix that was for the heads and also casuals.
Wearing a durag and long shorts, he came out immediately after Don Toliver’s set—there was no transition—starting with “Can’t Say” from Astroworld. He then followed up with the cult classic “Mo City Flexologist,” which was previewed in 2014 but officially released earlier this year.
The performance was frantic and ferocious. Lights flashed, flames erupted, and fireworks lit up the venue. He played “Fein” multiple times throughout the show—a couple of times near the beginning and again near the end—never fully committing to letting the song rock all the way through. It didn’t matter; each time it hit.
If anything, the weekend demonstrated just how deep Travis' influence is—not only on hip-hop, but on broader culture. You could see it in the crowd—an alien attending might mistake the backward swoosh as the correct Nike logo. And, of course, this was reflected in the event itself, with the "CactusCon" portion of the convention, which featured a mini stadium designed by Nike, as well as booths with some of his personal collection of cars, collaborations, and favorite brands. 
Travis was a constant presence throughout the weekend. From day one, when he rolled into Las Vegas in a convoy of cars, to Saturday, where he was spotted in the behind-the-scenes tents, to his late-night club appearance at Zouk after the concert—he was everywhere.
The “I’m in a good mood today” line wasn’t just a throwaway comment—it captured the vibe of the entire event. Travis thrives on intense emotion, and there was a mostly light, feel-good energy in the air during his set. This was perfectly encapsulated by the now-viral moment when Triple H came out with the "king of hardcore" belt, knelt, and presented it tom him. They then announced that Travis would be appearing on Raw on January 6th on Netflix.
The show closed with a couple of early Travis hits: “Antidote” and “Goosebumps.” He then brought out the Cactus Jack crew, including Sheck Wes and Toliver, for a celebratory performance of the posse cut "Gang Gang,” with the crowd going wild. After the final song, Travis walked off stage, dapping up fans in VIP as he left the event he helped buid.
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
music | BY Love & Hip Hop: Miami
ComplexCon 2024 Day 1 Recap: Celebs, Exclusive Drops, Performances, Conversations, and More
style | BY Mike DeStefano
The 10 Best Things We Saw at CactusCon: Rick Owens, Vetements, & More
music | BY Jaelani Turner-Williams
ComplexCon 2024 Day 2 Recap: Travis Scott, CactusCon, IShowSpeed, and More
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.