Ye’s album release party for Vultures 2 turned into a family affair when he brought his wife Bianca Censori’s sisters to the event.
Ye and Ty Dolla $ign’s party took place at the Delta Center in Salt Lake City, where paparazzi captured Angelina and Alyssia, Bianca's sisters, sitting next to her near the stage. There’s a woman seated between the sisters who TMZ  speculates could be their mother.
The appearance of the Censori women at the event suggests that rumors of tension between Ye and Bianca’s family may have been exaggerated. In March, the Daily Mail reported that Bianca's father, Leo, wanted a "sit-down" with Ye to discuss the revealing outfits Bianca is often seen wearing in public. The outlet also noted that during a recent visit, Bianca's mother found Ye's demeanor "intimidating."
"Bianca’s mom had to see for herself after Bianca told her family she has this under control," the insider said to Daily Mail. "This has been a wonderful opportunity for Alexandra to get to spend time with Bianca and assess the situation for herself."
While the event may have been a fun family moment, a dark cloud hangs over the project, as it might not stay available for long unless Ye resolves some financial issues.
On Instagram, Ye shared a screenshot of a text from his manager, John Monopoly, in which he discusses changes to the executive leadership at Atlantic Music Group and how it’ll affect Ye and Ty Dolla $ign’s new album.
"Co-head of Atlantic Julie Greenwald just called me," wrote Monopoly. "She just got fired." 
"She said the new head is not going to give us a grace period to handle Atlantic’s compensation," he continued. "She’s saying that if we don’t handle immediately Atlantic will issue take downs for both albums."
Ye commented on the screenshot, saying "This is what ‘they’ do to independent artists." He deactivated his account soon afterwards.
For now, Vultures 2 is available on Apple Music, Spotify, and other streaming platforms. The album features guest appearances from Young Thug, Playboi Carti, Lil Wayne, Kodak Black, Don Toliver, and Future.
style | BY Jaelani Turner-Williams
Ye Releases Mowalola WET Tank Recently Modeled by Bianca Censori
music | BY Jaelani Turner-Williams
Ye and Bianca Censori Enjoy Day at Disneyland With Yung Lean
music | BY Zach Dionne
LAPD Reportedly Investigating After Ye Punched Man Who Allegedly 'Physically Assaulted' Bianca Censori  (UPDATE)
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.