The BTS member's mini-album brought in more than 96% of the vote.

													By
												

	Ashley Iasimone


J-Hope‘s Hope on the Street Vol. 1 tops this week’s new music poll.

	Music fans voted in a poll published Friday (March 29) on Billboard, choosing the BTS member’s solo mini-album as their favorite new music release of the past week.

	Fans showed major support for J-Hope’s latest project, which won the poll by a landslide, bringing in more than 96% of the vote. Poll voters selected Hope on the Street Vol. 1 over new music releases by Beyoncé, MGK and Trippie Redd, Camila Cabello and Playboi Carti and more.






	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					BTS		
					






















	
		
					J-Hope		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	The six-track solo album, described in a press release as spanning a “diverse array of sounds and moods that showcase J-Hope’s musical prowess and depth,” features special guests including Jung Kook on “i Wonder,” and Benny Blanco and Chic’s Nile Rodgers on “Lock/Unlock.” Plus there’s a dance mix of “What If” with Jinbo the SuperFreak, and “NEURON” featuring Gaeko of Dynamic Duo and yoonmirae.

	












	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	







Hope on the Street Vol. 1‘s release was accompanied by a six-part docuseries (also called Hope on the Street) about J-Hope’s artistic roots and street dance background. The docuseries debuted earlier in the week on Prime Video. 




			Trending on Billboard		






	Trailing behind J-Hope’s mini-album on this week’s poll is Beyoncé’s Cowboy Carter album, MGK x Trippie Redd’s Genre:Sadboy EP, and Camila Cabello feat. Playboi Carti’s single “I Luv It.”

	See the final results of this week’s poll below. Check out Billboard‘s Friday Music Guide here to catch up with the must-hear releases of the week.

What’s Your Favorite New Music Release of the Week?
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.