Camila Cabello posed up a storm for one of her raciest videos yet as she danced blindfolded for awestruck fans.
The Fifth Harmony star shared a new live clip of her performing her new track I LUV IT, featuring Playboi Carti. While the crowd went wild, Camila strutted her stuff on stage surrounded by backing dancers who were similarly blindfolded with black fabric and crosses made of Band-Aids for eyes.
She slipped into a silver-grey gown which cut off at her upper thighs, donning leather gloves and matching boots as she effortlessly performed her choreography – despite not being able to see what was happening on stage.
READ MORE: Nicola Coughlan embraces her ‘perfect breasts’ in six-minute nude Bridgerton scene
READ MORE: Click for more brilliant Daily Star showbiz stories
All of her dancers held a silver leash which was connected to a robo-dog slightly off-stage, and whirled around Camila despite being dressed similarly to the Havana hitmaker.
Camila let her sleek blonde tresses fall all the way down to her waist, tucked under the blindfold – which she later removed to get a better look at the fawning crowd. In her Instagram caption, she admitted: “Couldn’t see but I could feel it.”
Fans went wild in the comments section, with X Factor twin duo Jedward repeating: “I love it!” as another fan giggled: “The robotic dogs left me GAGGED. You looked amazing. Such a fun performance.”
A third social media user penned: “I know you can’t see with the blindfold on, but you truly left no crumbs.” And somebody else said: “Always serving with perfection!”
Camila’s latest sultry show comes after she detailed the loss of her virginity at age 20, with ex boyfriend Matthew Hussey. She said the experience was “beautiful”, telling Dax Shepard on his Armchair Expert podcast: “That was my first relationship. It was late for my first time.
Want all the biggest Showbiz and TV news straight to your inbox? Sign up for our free Daily Star Showbiz newsletter.
“That was my first time having sex. First lovemaking was at 20, 21… it was literally lovemaking. It was beautiful.” She said Hussey’s job as a relationship coach “honestly made him a great partner”, explaining: “Really expanded my world because he wasn't in my industry too. It was like, 'Oh my God. Have you ever seen Anthony Bourdain: Parts Unknown? And have you ever seen Studio Ghibli films?' He just really expanded my references."
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.