By
Since they broke up in 2020, Iggy Azalea has been very open about her relationship with her ex-boyfriend and father of her child, Playboi Carti. In her new ad promoting Unreal Mobile, a company she co-founded, it appears she mocks Carti using a gothic-like actor with similar attributes to star across from her. 
The assumptions of Carti’s likeness quickly spread after Azalea shared the clip on her Instagram account on last Wednesday (August 21).  In the ad, a frustrated vampire calls Iggy’s ‘Unreal Mobile Hotline’ for help after being stuck drinking ‘unreal’ blood instead of the real deal. The vampire even mimics Carti’s well-known high-pitched baby voice and his “WHAT?!” ad-lib, only to find out he’s been overpaying for his mobile plan and should just “embrace the unreal.”
A post shared by Iggy Azalea (@thenewclassic)
Iggy and Playboy began dating in 2018. She gave birth to their son, Onyx, in 2020. Although Playboi Carti featured their son in his 2023 mini-documentary, Dear O, Iggy responded after the doc with a snarky tweet directed at her baby father, saying,  “It’s cool how you can fit damn near every visit into just one video [white heart emoji]. Talented!”
In July, Iggy spoke candidly about his involvement in their son’s life. On the Dinner’s On Me podcast, Azalea said she is a single parent.
Unreal Mobile is one of many ventures Iggy’s taken on since stepping away from music earlier this year. She’s also made waves in the crypto space, offering her $MOTHER token as a payment option with the phone company, and she’s become the highest-earning celebrity on OnlyFans, pulling in millions.
Iggy’s $MOTHER has been a huge success for the entertainer. The popularity has led to the launch of her podcast, “Mother Knows Best.” Azalea is one of the highest-earning talents on OnlyFans.
Are you a HOT 97 VIP?  Unlock exclusive, VIP Only access to the latest news, offers, contests, events, and more.  There is no cost to join for a limited time.
Δ
#1 for Hip Hop
Copyright 2024 Hot 97