Kanye West and Ty Dolla $ign's Vultures is set to drop next Friday (Feb. 9), and now we know which artists will be joining the duo. According to a t-shirt worn by North West, the eldest daughter of Ye, the upcoming project is packed with features. Future, Chris Brown, Quavo, Lil Durk, Young Thug, and more make an appearance on the album. North even has a spot on the 13th track, "Talking."
Kanye and Ty have delayed the album four times. Vultures  was first set to arrive on Dec. 15. It later got moved to New Year's Eve (Dec. 31), then Jan. 12 followed by the previously scheduled Jan. 19. Now, the project is set to be released in three separate volumes starting Feb. 9 with volume one. Volume two is expected on March 8, and the third on April 5.
Following the announcement of the volume dates, Ye went to Instagram and posted two 26-second trailers, which are soundtracked by the title track. The first one begins with a close-up of a purse, the zipper of which opens up to reveal a tongue. Inside the "body" of the purse, there are snippets of a clown, a man walking down an empty hallway, and several images of vultures. In the second trailer, Kanye is seen with a black cloak, and his shadow resembles a vulture's wings.
Take a look at the complete tracklist with features below:
1. "Everybody" (feat. Charlie Wilson)
2. "Back To Me" (feat. Freddie Gibbs & Quavo)
3. "Fuk Sum" (feat. Playboi Carti & Quavo)
4. "Time Moving Slow"
5. "Beg Forgiveness" (feat. Chris Brown)
6. "Do It" (feat. YG)
7. "Paid" (feat. Future)
8. "Timbo Freestyle"
9. "Slide" (feat. James Blake)
10. "Promotion" (feat. Future)
11. "Vultures" (feat. Bump J & Lil Durk)
12. "Love Love Love"
13. "Talking" (feat. North West)
14. "Hoodrat"
15. "River" (feat. Young Thug & Leon Bridges)
16. "Gun To My Head" (feat. Kid Cudi)
17. "Take Off Your Dress"
18. "Dead" (feat. Future & Lil Durk)
Hip-Hop is celebrating its 50th anniversary this year. While the genre is one of the youngest, it is not short on its impact on the culture.
The genre originated in the early '70s in New York in African-American communities in the Bronx. There are several aspects to hip-hop in regard to music making, such as rap, djing, and freestyling. Those created other avenues in the art form, such as breakdancing and graffiti art.
Hip-hop has been in the mainstream in ways that were never thought possible by its early adopters of the craft.
"When we started on this journey decades ago, we were often told, 'No'. No, you won't be able to leave New Jersey. No, if you rap, you can't sing. No, singers can't become actresses. No, actors can't also produce," Queen Latifah said to Entertainment Weekly in a statement as she is set to become the first female rap artist to be celebrated at the Kennedy Center Honors.
"To now be recognized amongst so many multi-hyphenates feels unbelievable, not for just me and my team, but for our community. The work the Kennedy Center does is immeasurable so I'm beyond grateful for this recognition."
Throughout this year, hip-hop has been celebrated in performances by some of the greats. At the 2023 BET Awards, there were performances by MC Lyte, Big Daddy Kane, The Sugarhill Gang, D-Nice, Warren G, Yo-Yo, Trick Daddy, Trina, Uncle Luke, Redman, Erick Sermon, and Keith Murray -- also known as "Def Squad," and more highlighted rap on Culture's Biggest Night.
Earlier this year, Questlove curated a hip-hop tribute at the 2023 Grammy Awards where Missy Elliott, Run DMC, Salt n Pepa, Public Enemy, Grandmaster Flash, Ice-T, Queen Latifah, Busta Rhymes with Spliff Star, Nelly, GloRilla, Lil Baby, and more took to the stage.
If you have been a fan since the beginning or you've just begun listening, you'll learn more from these projects. Take a look at five documentaries on these hip-hop artists:
Biggie and Tupac is a full-length documentary on the lives and tragedies of the hip-hop greats. Besides footage of Biggie and Tupac, you will also see appearances from Snoop Dogg, Lil Cease, and more. You can stream Biggie and Tupac  on Amazon Prime Video.
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt14867972/

Jay-Z is regarded as one of the best rappers to have touched a mic. The New York native's 2020 documentary titled The Story of Jay-Z shows fans how he got to where he is now. You can stream The Story of Jay-Z on Amazon Prime Video.
Jeen-yuhs: A Kanye Trilogy takes us back to where it all began for Kanye West: The Southside of Chicago. Kanye West's artistry has impacted hip-hop like no other as his diverse skills in producing and designing put him in a league of his own. You can stream Jeen-yuhs: A Kanye Trilogy on Netflix.
Nas: Time Is Illmatic  takes a deep dive into Nas' iconic debut album Illmatic. In the New York native's documentary you will also hear accounts from Alicia Keys, Q-Tip, Busta Rhymes and Pharrell. You can stream Nas: Time Is Illmatic  on Peacock.
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt24514002/

Eminem has had quite a career in hip-hop and this documentary takes a look at many of his accolades. In 2022 he performed at the Super Bowl alongside Dr. Dre, Kendrick Lamar, Snoop Dogg, Mary J. Blige, and 50 Cent. He was also inducted into the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame last year for his contributions to hip-hop. You can stream Eminem: Count Me In on Amazon Prime Video.
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!