Whether confirmed or not, everyone could have a twin out there somewhere. Glaring at somebody from afar because their face looked a little too familiar, receiving off-guard photos of a stranger who could be a "brother" or "sister," or having phones held up to someone's cheek due to a close resemblance of a friend are all signs that there could be a look-alike out there. As documented by the internet, rappers have plenty of look-alikes, too.
Whether it's regular everyday people, athletes or rappers, there's no denying that everyone has someone who looks like them. With billions of people on the planet, whether the evidence is spot on or comes with a Stretch-level reach, a doppelgänger roams the Earth for all of us, including some of your favorite rappers. Moreover, artists have "twins" on a more coincidental level, regardless of the person's occupation or lifestyle. Individuals can get tripped up over how much a person looks like their favorite rhymer and confuse the two based on their distinctive features.
Although some rappers may not see the resemblance, the comparisons are hard to deny. Some look-alikes even warrant a response from other artists who are either amused or shocked by their potential clone. Since these famous faces are often in the media, comparing them happens a lot more than one would expect. Social media platforms like Instagram and X, formerly known as Twitter, bring awareness to the hip-hop look-alikes out there, especially with mom vs. dad-type trends that pick up every few months.
So, considering the internet’s constant infatuation of pinpointing someone’s duplicate, XXL scoured through it to highlight a handful of rapper clones that will blow your mind. Take a look at them below.
Now presenting, as named by Twitter in 2020, Herb and Ferb. The "rap twin" in question here is MGE Buckz, an up-and-coming rapper from Chicago, Herbo's hometown. Apparently G Herbo didn’t know he had a long lost twin either. The former 2016 XXL Freshman rapper tweeted that his father has some explaining to do along with a photo of himself and MGE Buckz at an event Herbo held to help local children with school supplies.
The jokes really did write themselves when Twitter stumbled across this Kanye West look-alike. For days, rap fans on social media referred to this man as Kanye East, reworking song and album titles to fit the narrative of ’Ye’s "twin." From the first glance, it's clear why this guy picked up so much attention.
A Trippie Redd clone's popularity increased in 2020 because of the eerie similarities he had to the real deal. Big 14 himself didn't even try to deny the comparisons. Trippie fed into the joke and referred to his guy as his twin.
This guy resembles the Death Row legend Snoop Dogg so much that he now brands himself as the certified Snoop look-alike. He even snagged a picture with Uncle Snoop to provide a side-by-side visual of the two.
Tupac Shakur comparisons have to be taken with a grain of salt. Just because a bald Black man has an iced-out nose ring does not mean he looks like ’Pac, but this kid sure does.
Chance The Rapper's younger brother Taylor Bennett isn’t the only clone in the family. They apparently have another distant relative whom you can spot below. If you envisioned a "3" hat on him right now, you could hear the "igh" scream right out of the photo.
Not too long ago, Nicki Minaj gave birth to her first-born child, a son. But before she really had a kid, the Young Money rapper had sons in the rap game and an apparent daughter as well. This woman surely looks like Onika in her younger years.
This Chief Keef "twin" is spot-on. It's both laughable and amazing how much the two resemble each other. The person in this photo has likely had people run up to them, thinking that they're Sosa. Guarantee it.
This one comes in the form of a person who could be a relative of hip-hop's most revered rapper in the game. The woman pictured here smiling looks like she could pass as Jay-Z's sister. As tight as the rapper and Beyoncé's security is, bet she could sneak into the family reunion with no problem.
You have to have a certain type of swag to be compared to the fallen Pittsburgh MC Mac Miller. Or maybe the exact same face, like this Wendy's worker does. Rest easy, Mac.
This girl looks so much like Lil Wayne that if she recreated the "A Milli" music video right now, it would instantly go viral. She looks like she could pass as one of Wayne's children. Before Megan Thee Stallion ran off with the word, it's safe to say that this woman was the real Hot Girl to parallel Weezy.
This doppelgänger looked so similar to the City Girls' JT that people on Twitter couldn't distinguish the two at first. The Florida-bred rapper eventually caught wind of the comparisons and in a tweet-and-delete said people need to learn how to separate looks. It's hard to separate how similar these two look though.
Anyone who isn't lucky to have caught André 3000 out here playing his flute might be able to catch his fake son out here in these streets. 3 Stacks' son Seven has a look-alike "brother" out there.
While this guy doesn't bear a striking resemblance to DaBaby in his "before" picture, after cleaning up, there is no denying he could be a convincing stunt double for the South Carolina native. Baby on Baby.
Hip-hop can credit Meek Mill with the discovery of Offset's clone.
A man from France had Playboi Carti fans scratching their heads after a video from his TikTok Live went viral. The guy's facial features, including his nose piercing, resemble what the Opium Label founder wears to the fullest. This makes it hard to deny that the rapper might really have a twin.