By
Travis Scott brought out The Weeknd at his Sydney concert over the weekend to perform and acknowledge the icon for being instrumental early in his career by taking him on his first tour. 
In Australia, the duo performed their collaborations “Pray 4 Love” and “SKELETONS,” both of which have resonated deeply with fans. The latter is from Scott’s critically acclaimed ASTROWORLD album.
A post shared by The Weeknd News | Martin (@abelspost)
Scott and The Weeknd have a history of successful collaborations, with other notable tracks including “Wonderful,” “WAKE UP,” and their most recent hit “K-POP,” featuring Bad Bunny. The chemistry between the two artists was palpable on stage, and Scott made sure to give a heartfelt shoutout to his collaborators, saying, “Shoutout to my XO brothers. I love y’all for life.”
Following the Sydney shows, Scott’s tour will continue with two performances in Melbourne before heading to Brisbane and Auckland, New Zealand, on October 26 and 31, respectively. 
As for The Weeknd, he’s preparing to release his highly anticipated album Hurry Up Tomorrow later this year. Fans are already buzzing about the project, with singles like “Dancing In The Flames” and “Timeless,” the latter featuring Playboi Carti, already making waves. “Timeless” debuted at No. 3 on the Billboard Hot 100, and its accompanying music video has garnered over 9.6 million views on YouTube as of this writing.
Meanwhile, Travis Scott continues to solidify his place in hip-hop history. He was recently honored with the I Am Hip Hop award at the 2024 BET Hip Hop Awards. During his acceptance speech, Scott reflected on his journey in the music industry. He said:
“I come from this generation where they considered us nowhere near hip-hop. Every day, I try to push the sound. Coming in as a producer, nobody knew what I was trying to do, but I always had this idea. I had this vision, still to this day, to take the sound and elevate it to the next level.”
In addition to his tour and accolades, Scott recently celebrated the 10th anniversary of DAYS BEFORE RODEO by releasing the project on major streaming platforms in August. The release, which includes the much-anticipated vinyl copies, shot to No. 1 on the Billboard 200 chart, reaffirming his lasting influence and commercial success in the industry.
As Scott’s tour nears its conclusion, fans eagerly anticipate what’s next from the artist, whose vision continues to shape the sound of modern hip-hop.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
Δ
Are you a HOT 97 VIP?  Unlock exclusive, VIP Only access to the latest news, offers, contests, events, and more.  There is no cost to join for a limited time.
Δ
#1 for Hip Hop
Copyright 2024 Hot 97