If you were hoping for more Kendrick Lamar and Drake drama to spice things up, you might be out of luck. According to a longtime friend, Kendrick Lamar seems to be putting the beef behind him and focusing on other things. On Sunday (August 25), his longtime buddy Lil L/Euro Luxxk took to X and was asked if Kendrick would “splash” Drizzy soon. The response? “Nah, we leaving the Canadian alone,” Euro Luxxk said, adding, “Everybody just working at this moment so just stay tune[d].”
This exchange happened right around the time Drake appeared to send a subtle message to Kendrick. On his other Instagram account @plottttwistttttt on the same day, Drake shared a clip of former Detroit Pistons star Rasheed Wallace’s famous interview where he boldly guaranteed victory over the Indiana Pacers in game two of the 2004 Eastern Conference Finals.
“Y’all can put it on the front page, back page, middle page, wherever, headliners, column one or two—we will win game two,” Rasheed declared after the Pistons’ game one loss. Sure enough, his prediction came true as the Pistons went on to win the series and eventually clinch the Larry O’Brien Trophy by defeating a star-studded Los Angeles Lakers team.
Drake has been busy since his perceived defeat to Kendrick earlier this year, dropping tracks with Sexyy Red, Benny The Butcher, Gordo, Camila Cabello, and others. His 100 GIGS EP features collaborations with Young Thug, 21 Savage, and Latto, and he surprised fans with three new tracks: “Circadian Rhythm,” “SOD,” and “No Face” featuring Playboi Carti on his Instagram burner account @plottttwistttttt.
“SOD,” originally previewed by streamer Kai Cenat, sparked some drama when Lil Yachty tried to clear a sample but was denied unless the song was cleaned up to fit Mr. HotSpot’s religious beliefs. For the official release, Yachty was cut from the track entirely, and fans noticed he unfollowed Drake on Instagram, leading to speculation of tension between the two.
As for “Circadian Rhythm,” anyone following the ongoing beef between Drake and Kendrick Lamar might catch a connection to Lamar’s diss track “6:16 in LA.” There’s already buzz that Drake might’ve drawn inspiration from a line in “6:16 in LA,” where Kendrick raps, “Often, I know this type of power is gon’ cost / But I live in circadian rhythms of a shooting star.”
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!