Travis Scott performs at the 2024 Grammy Awards and debuts his new Jumpman Jack Nike Jordan Commercial.
On Sunday (Feb. 4), Travis Scott hopped on stage to perform three tracks from his lauded Utopia album during the 66th Annual Grammy Awards. Even though Travis walked away without a win for the night, LaFlame tore the house down at the Crypto.com Arena in Los Angeles.
The Houston native ran the room and got the crowd pumped in the videos below by delivering rousing renditions of "My Eyes" and "I Know?" before closing out with "Fe!n" alongside Playboi Carti, who wore a face mask during the performance.
As if Travis Scott's hyped-up set at the Grammy Awards wasn't enough, he debuted his new commercial for his Jumpman Jack Nike Jordan sneakers immediately following the performance. In the riveting TV ad below, Travis is seen rocking the fresh kicks in various high-impact settings including plummeting down a canyon after an explosion, doing tricks on a dirt bike in a city street and, of course, sitting atop a basketball hoop with a microphone in hand.
Travis Scott made his musical return following a five-year album hiatus to release his latest album Utopia last July. The album debuted at No. 1 on the Billboard 200 chart after moving close to 500,000 equivalent album sales, marking the highest first-week sales for a rap album in 2023. Utopia was up for Best Rap Album at the 2024 Grammy Awards along with Drake and 21 Savage's Her Loss, Killer Mike's Michael, Metro Boomin's Heroes & Villains and Nas' King's Disease III. Travis has previously been nominated for 10 Grammys in his career but has yet to bag a win.
Travis also embarked on the widely successful Circus Maximus Tour, which wrapped on Jan. 31 in Orlando, Fla. and featured a guest appearance from Kanye West who performed "Runaway," "All of the Lights" and "Father Stretch My Hands Pt. 1," "Vultures" and more.
Watch Travis Scott's lively performance at the 2024 Grammy Awards and the new Jumpman Jack Nike Jordan commercial in the videos below.