By 

	Tomás Mier


Rich Homie Quan‘s family is remembering the rapper with lots of love. On Monday, just days after his death at age 33, the “Type of Way” rapper’s family shared a poignant tribute.

	“On Thursday, September 5, 2024 the Lamar family lost our beloved son, brother, father and friend,” read the statement shared with People. “Known to the world as Rich Homie Quan, Dequantes Devontay Lamar was a proud native of the great city of Atlanta, Georgia and represented for the A as he and his music traveled across this globe.”

	“While he leaves us with an undeniable hole in our hearts, we are comforted by knowing his music and triumphant spirit lives on,” the statement continued. “Quan’s legacy will forever be cemented as a soundtrack to our lives. And for this, we are grateful.”

	Quan’s family ended their tribute by writing that memorial service details would be shared at a later date as they thanked everyone for their “kind words and support at this difficult time.”

Rolling Stone confirmed Quan’s death via a family member and the Fulton County Medical Examiner last week. His cause of death is still under investigation. 

	










	Dozens of fans and celebrities, including Quavo, Playboi Carti, and Lil Duval, shared tributes in honor of the rapper. “May God be with US never saw this being apart [sic] of our journey,” wrote Quavo on an Instagram story, sharing a throwback photo of Migos alongside Quan in the studio.





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Elon Musk: It Is ‘Outrageous’ to ‘Claim That I’m a Nazi’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Toby Keith's Horse Raced in the Kentucky Derby: How Did Render Judgment Do?		
	








	Jacquees wrote on X, “Rest in Peace my brother Rich Homie Quan. I love you for Life. #Richgang.” He later shared a photo of the two of them, captioned, “Legend.”

	Rich Homie Quan made his breakthrough in 2013 with “Type of Way” and YG’s “My N—a,” though he gained traction in his hometown of Atlanta in 2008 with “Stay Down.” When Birdman oversaw the supergroup Rich Gang, Quan became a standout on songs like “Lifestyle” with Young Thug, with whom he’d made the majority of 2014 mixtape Rich Gang: Tha Tour Pt. 1.
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.