By JACQUELINE LINDENBERG and JAMES CIRRONE FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  22:03, 1 October 2024   |  Updated:  22:57, 1 October 2024   
 52
View  comments
Rich Homie Quan's cause of death has been revealed nearly one month after his tragic passing on September 5 at age 34. 
The Type Of Way music artist died at his home in Atlanta - leaving his family both 'shattered and heartbroken.' 
According to a report from the Fulton County Medical Examiner in Georgia, per TMZ, the star died from an accidental overdose with a mix of several drugs in his system, including fentanyl, alprazolam, codeine and promethazine. 
THC (cannabis) was also found in his system - but the other substances had caused his shock death.
In the report, there were no signs of trauma on his body - and his passing was officially ruled an accident.  
Rich Homie Quan's cause of death has been revealed nearly one month after his tragic passing on September 5 at age 34; seen in 2016 in NYC 
The rapper passed away just one month before his 35th birthday. 
Shortly after his death, Rich Homie Quan's last moments were revealed from a frantic 911 call by his girlfriend. 
Amber Williams, who has two sons with the rapper, relayed that the rapper wasn't breathing, didn't have a heartbeat and began foaming at the mouth when she turned him over, according to the audio obtained by TMZ.  
The musician - whose real name was Dequantes Devontay Lamar - had been asleep on the living room couch since the night before and had never come to bed, according to Williams. 
Thinking he was still asleep from the night before, Williams said she placed a blanket over her boyfriend before getting her son off to school.
'Now, I just checked on him again because he never got up. I don't feel a heartbeat, I don't see him breathing,' she said.
The dispatcher had trouble hearing her, but once Williams confirmed that Lamar wasn't breathing, she sent paramedics right way.
The dispatcher then attempts to coach Williams through giving Lamar CPR, asking her to lie him down on his back on the floor.
According to a report from the Fulton County Medical Examiner in Georgia, per TMZ , the star died from an accidental overdose with a mix of several drugs in his system, including fentanyl, alprazolam, codeine and promethazine
THC (cannabis) was also found in his system - but the other substances had caused his shock death; seen in 2018 in L.A. 
'He is not waking up!' Williams said, distressed.
Lamar was pronounced dead at the scene - leaving behind his girlfriend and his four kids.
His family told TMZ they are 'shattered and heartbroken' by the sudden loss just a month shy of his 35th birthday.
He had been due to perform in his hometown in a few weeks at Nick Cannon's Wild N' Out alongside the likes of Wacka Flocka and Nardo Wick.
A representative from Fulton County morgue also confirmed the news of his passing last month at the time of his death - while online rumors of a drug overdose had been fueled by other musicians.
Fellow rapper, Playboi Carti, was among those to lead tributes to the late star, posting several clips of him on his Instagram stories.
Shortly after his death, Rich Homie Quan's last moments were revealed from a frantic 911 call by his girlfriend; seen in 2023 in Detroit 
On September 19 during Wild N' Out Live: The Final Lap Tour in Atlanta - music artists and family members paid tribute to the late Rich Homie Quan during the event; DJ Fresh and D.C. Young Fly seen above 
Lamar charted in 2013 with his single Type of Way which notched 50 on the Billboard Top 100 at its peak. He followed it up with Flex (Ooh, Ooh, Ooh) and Ride Out. 
He achieved further fame as part of the group Rich Gang, alongside Atlanta rapper Young Thug, as part of a Cash Money Records project. 
At the time, he was described by the New York Times as being part of the city's rising generation of rappers.
His latest single Ah'Chi saw him feature alongside rapper 2ChainZ.
Lamar was due to testify in the trial of his former bandmate Young Thug, real name Jeffrey Lamar Williams, who is accused of street gang activities.
Some of the late star's family members - including his father Corey Lamar and brother Rich Homie Dre - received a special donation in memory of Rich Homie Quan (seen above) 
On September 19 during Wild N' Out Live: The Final Lap Tour in Atlanta - music artists and family members paid tribute to Rich Homie Quan during the event. 
 DJ Fresh was seen posing backstage at the State Farm Arena wearing a shirt dedicated to the later rapper. 
He later took to the stage to perform a tribute alongside D.C. Young Fly during the concert. 
Some of the late star's family members - including his father Corey Lamar and brother Rich Homie Dre - received a special donation in memory of Rich Homie Quan.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group