Tyler the Creator’s iconic festival, Camp Flog Gnaw Carnival, was last weekend in Los Angeles, and I was forced to watch endless Instagram stories depicting my hometown friends living it up at Dodger Stadium while I bedrotted the weekend away. Lil Yachty began his CFG set with “Hate Me,” a song he recently dropped that features up-and-coming white rapper Ian; the same artist that fans claimed Tyler, the Creator dissed in both a radio interview and subsequent song just weeks ago.
“This white kid, regular caucasian man and he’s like mocking Future and Gucci Mane like rap music … In comparison to someone like a Mac Miller or an Eminem. Who it didn’t seem like they was mocking it, they had a genuine love for it,” he said when interviewed by Maverick Carter for SpringHill.
Tyler, the Creator’s supposed grievance with Ian and his style of music brings up a topic that has been popular recently: The phenomenon of white artists adopting a “Black” persona, then ditching it when they rise to fame. Many argue that artists were able to exploit and profit off of Black culture, especially in styles such as R&B and hip-hop, then abandon it for the music they truly wished to make that happens to appeal a lot more to white audiences.
For example, it’s almost ironic that Post Malone’s breakout hits featured artists such as 21 Savage and Quavo, bona fide rap stars. Now, one of his most successful songs, which he also seems to be the most proud of, is performed alongside Morgan Wallen, a white country artist who has been filmed barking the N-word.
Conversely, artists such as Ariana Grande and Pink have openly expressed their gratitude for their iconic Black mentors, Pharrell and Babyface. This impact is present in their music, and though they may not always create music in that style, they seem to place a significant amount of value in those eras of their career and recognize the role Black culture had in their success.
This goes back to Tyler the Creator’s claim that Mac Miller and Eminem’s rap careers are valid, and artists like Ian’s are not; they demonstrated clear passion for the art and respect for their predecessors, which makes all the difference. While I agree that this is what deciphers the fine line between appreciation and appropriation, I find that there are too many people that fly under the radar for artists to only single a few out.
Yeat, a rapper with features from Playboi Carti and Lil Uzi Vert, is white, too. His and Ian’s styles, to me, do not differ greatly. However, I rarely find Black people having an issue with Yeat’s music. In fact, I and many other people I knew thought he was Black. So is that what makes the difference? Black people love Bobby Caldwell’s music, but I can’t help but wonder if they would enjoy it so much if he sounded like a white man singing Black music, rather than an actual Black man.
The issue also seems to lie in the method used to implement these influences. Ian makes rap music in a style very similar to a myriad of Black artists that came before him, but in every other aspect of his life, he is a white man who is not trying to be someone he’s not. His typical wardrobe consists of white T-shirts and baggy blue jeans, and his voice doesn’t seem to take up a tone that doesn’t align with where he grew up.
Billie Eilish, on the other hand, loves to dress in what I believe Queen Latifah would wear if she was born in 2000, and has been known to use a “Blaccent,” enough to be called out by her own brother on an Instagram Live. But people justify this behavior by saying she dresses according to what’s “trendy” and is merely using African American Vernacular English like everyone else in Gen Z.
This issue becomes more serious when young people begin to take after these artists that they look to for what’s “cool.” In my very white and very suburban hometown where a country club lies on every street corner, I would find boys in my classes emulating whatever “vibe” they believed these musicians were giving off, which often included the use of racial slurs and microaggressions directed towards me and my Black friends. The countless amount of leaked videos depicting classmates singing the N-word in the comfort of their cars may not have always originated from this, but it definitely was at the source of more than one of these altercations.
Personally, I don’t care if white people want to make rap music and wear baggy jorts with Timberlands. Have at it! I think the issue is the ease at which they’re able to adopt and benefit from Black culture, a privilege that is not interchangeable. Artists such as Tyler, the Creator and Beyoncé venture into new genres and are still relegated to the R&B category at the Grammys, which is why I believe the former is so angered by Ian and his success. Ian gets to have his cake and eat it too: trying out trap music with the ability to abandon it without worry at any point. Black musicians don’t get the same grace.
We all know that Black people are the blueprint for everything, especially the music business, making a masterful playbook that every up-and-coming artist follows. It’s only fair that they are allowed to try out some new plays, too.
However, I don’t think we as a community should shun those that come into our space, as long as it is done with respect and acknowledgment, which is why artists like Lil Yacthy cosign Ian’s music, and people like me buy tickets to his concerts. All music can be loved and appreciated by anyone, but it should come with high regard for those that inspired it, too.
Esi writes the Friday column on being a Black woman at UC Berkeley. Contact her at eotoo@dailycal.org, the opinion desk at opinion@dailycal.org — or follow us on X.
We're an independent student-run newspaper, and need your support to maintain our coverage.
Join our weekly newsletter!
CHECK OUT OUR MOST RECENT PRINT EDITION
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: