Tyler, the Creator performs during the the first weekend of the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival at the Empire Polo Club on Saturday, April 13, 2024, in Indio, Calif.Amy Harris/Invision/AP
Camp Flog Gnaw Carnival returns to Los Angeles on November 16-17 at Dodger Stadium. The event, which celebrates its 10th anniversary this year, has sold out quickly, leaving many fans wondering how they can still secure tickets. Although all original passes are now gone, there are still ways to attend the highly anticipated festival.
For 2024, Camp Flog Gnaw is offering three ticket options: the General Admission pass, VIP pass and Super VIP pass. All three are valid for the full two-day event.
If you missed out on the initial sale, you still have a chance to buy tickets through authorized secondary market platforms such as Vivid Seats, SeatGeek and StubHub.
Here’s a look at the best price available (including fees):
General Admission
VIP
Super VIP
Prices and availability are noted at the time of publishing and are subject to change.
The 2024 Camp Flog Gnaw Carnival is packed with some of the biggest names in music, including Tyler, the Creator, who will be debuting tracks from his highly anticipated new album, “Chromakopia,” which released on October 28.
Other major performers include Playboi Carti, André 3000, Erykah Badu, Denzel Curry, Kaytranada, Schoolboy Q, Blood Orange, Sampha and more. A special tribute to the late MF DOOM will also take place, with an FM Mood performance curated by his estate. See the full lineup below.
Alongside the performances, there will be carnival rides, games and food vendors.
If you’re unable to attend Camp Flog Gnaw, Tyler, the Creator is hitting the road in 2025 for his “Chromakopia: The World Tour.” The 60-date tour kicks off in February, and tickets are available through Vivid Seats, SeatGeek and StubHub.
A post shared by Camp Flog Gnaw Carnival (@campfloggnaw)
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices