7.0
Genre:
Rap
Label:
Epic / Freebandz / Republic / Boominati Worldwide
Reviewed:
March 27, 2024
Future and Metro Boomin are wistful for the days when rap regularly had moments, the kind of moments that had you FOMO-racing to your computer. Nothing was worse than being out of the loop. Remember when Nicki Minaj blacked out on “Monster”? When Funk Flex lost his mind during his premiere of Kanye and Jay-Z’s “Otis”? When Kendrick started a civil war with “Control”? When Drake and Meek Mill were at each other’s necks? When Future dropped his mixtape-run victory lap Dirty Sprite 2 and shot to the moon? Those days were fun. With their vengeful, event album We Don’t Trust You, Future and Metro seek to recapture that essence by creating a moment of their own.
And who better to orchestrate an event than two of rap’s essential hitmakers of the last decade teaming up for what is billed as their first official joint album—even if the heads know that it is really DS2. Just the sight of their names alongside each other is enough to bring back memories of “Radical,” “Thought It Was a Drought,” “Mask Off,” or any of their other smashes. Though, as far as Future’s collaborators go, I would have rather heard his album with Nard & B or DJ Spinz or Mike WiLL Made-It, producers who helped to shape his druggy trap blues but have never gotten the chance to flesh that out. A Future and Metro album has no choice other than to be a supernova, so We Don’t Trust You is much safer and more conservative than I imagine any of those would be. The only room to tread new ground is by going bigger and glitzier.
Metro has been headed down that path for a while, tinkering with the cinematic evolution of his Southern trap roots. There was the glossy 2022 solo album Heroes & Villains, which felt like his audition to curate the music of a superhero movie. Six months later he did exactly that with the heavily polished soundtrack for Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse. That shine bleeds into the production of We Don’t Trust You; smooth and spotless and heavy on showy beat switch-ups and orchestral touches. For example, “Young Metro” builds up to a synth explosion that booms as pristinely as a Hans Zimmer score.
That’s fine for Hollywood music intended to blast from the loudspeakers at amusement parks, but with production that has a trap foundation, the blemishes, the kinks, the idiosyncrasies, even if purposeful, are everything. Metro was a hitmaker who always got weird with it: the fuzzy 808s on “I Serve the Base” hit like a firestorm, the synths on “Wesley Presley” are like alien transmissions. In fact, some of the coolest Atlanta rap of the last year, such as Ken Carson’s A Great Chaos, is rough, messy, and influenced by the controlled havoc of old Metro. Here, the beats aren’t drastically different from what he would have done eight or nine years ago—you could picture Slime Season Thug on “Slimed In” or Savage Mode-era 21 Savage on “GTA”—except for the fact that it feels like they’ve been hosed down with sanitizer.
At least Metro weaves in the extravagance way more naturally than the wannabe Kanye albums out there (hi, Utopia and 2093). The switch from slow and moody to uptempo and flashy in a snap on “Ice Attack” is fun enough, elevated by a showstopping Future verse where he’s bragging about his diamonds and throwing words like “banoodles” out there for the hell of it. The church-bell-driven roar of “Type Shit” is a standout, and the few seconds of Future and Playboi Carti trading slurred bars as the beat fades is transcendent. Strongest are unfussy deep cuts, like “Fried (She a Vibe),” one of those eerie strip club on a weekday afternoon joints Future and Metro are masters at. Or “Ain’t No Love,” where Zaytoven’s ominous church organs and flutes show up and you start wondering why this just isn’t Beast Mode 3.
For what it’s worth, Future sounds jazzed-up, which isn’t always the case nowadays. He’s not all Seven Dwarfs wrapped into one like he once was; throw on Hndrxx and he’s pissed off, sad, feeling himself, hating himself, flexing, melting down, at the same time, all the time. Now he’s less interested in the whys, though his life remains a self-indulgent blur of drugs and sex. Refreshingly We Don’t Trust You sheds the played-out supervillain act of I Never Liked You in exchange for decently vivid kingpin bars, even if I’d rather just go fire up Astronaut Status or Streetz Calling for that.
Pivotally, despite less singing and character work, Future still nails that sleazy, sinister atmosphere that only he can pull off. For instance, on the first half of “Magic Don Juan (Princess Diana)” he sounds like he’s on day three of a bender as he spits, “Got that sniff on me, that white shit like Tom Brady.” That seediness is injected in the album intro where he’s vaguely muttering in the shadows about fake friends like he’s about to go on a Charles Bronson-style revenge mission, as it slowly becomes more clear that he’s chatting shit about Drake.
The thing that is supposed to cement We Don’t Trust You as the kind of unforgettable, zeitgeist-defining rap moment that doesn’t happen anymore are the subliminals about Future and Metro’s breakup with Drake. (College campuses in 2016 would be heartbroken.) That seems to be the motivating force behind why Future’s tongue is more venomous than usual and the album is packed with bite-sized clips of a wrathful, heelish Prodigy monologue. Other than the intro, Future leaves the real grimy work to a sourpuss appearance from Kendrick. Over Metro’s solid flip of West Coast digital funk jam “Everlasting Bass,” Kendrick throws a few warm-up jabs at Drake (and J. Cole, much less important). “Motherfuck the big three, nigga, it’s just big me,” he yells, addressing Cole’s idea that the trio are the three pillars of modern rap. A declaration of a war of words and sass. But it’s hard to let go of the fact that I would have cared so much more about this hip-hop soap opera a decade ago, the last time it would have felt deeper than bored rich guys bickering for attention and streams. The timing is off.
The same goes for We Don’t Trust You. None of it’s bad, sometimes it’s good, but why now? Maybe because nostalgia for the last two decades of Atlanta trap is on the uptick, as those who grew up with the groundbreaking subgenre look for comforting retreats from the uncertain and unpredictable and very online future of rap. In the last few years we’ve already seen Tyler, the Creator in his quest to prove his rap bona fides gesture toward the spirit of old Jeezy and T.I. mixtapes with DJ Drama tags; Westside Gunn, the ultimate hip-hop revivalist, toss DJ Trap-A-Holics drops on his last album. Even a pop star like Camila Cabello is on the hunt for some vintage cool points by interpolating Gucci Mane. Future and Metro don’t even seem so sure themselves of what the world wants from them—that could be why they’ve hedged with a second joint album that is weeks away. So instead with We Don’t Trust You they take the easy way out by evoking past memories rather than building new ones. Understandable because remembering the old days is pretty sweet, well, until it hits you that they’re gone.
More From Pitchfork
Events
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Pitchfork may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
CN Entertainment