Ye and Ty's sequel arrives about six months after Vultures 1. 

													By
												

	Michael Saponara


	Oh my God, they’re back again. Kanye West and Ty Dolla $ign have returned to deliver their Vultures 2 sequel. The joint LP hit streaming services after plenty of uncertainty early Saturday (Aug. 3).






	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Kanye West		
					






















	
		
					Ty Dolla $ign		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	The sequel arrives about six months after the first Vultures, which topped the Billboard 200 chart in back-to-back weeks. That marked the first time West held the top spot for more than a week since Watch the Throne.





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	







Vultures 2‘s landing sets up another busy month for Ye and Ty Dolla $ign. They’re set to host a pair of listening experience parties in South Korea and Taiwan.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	Details of the Taiwan venue and ticketing situation are not yet known, but like the South Korean Vultures event, LeGrand is handling promotion duties as the organizer.

	Ye and Ty Dolla are slated to hit up South Korea’s Goyang Stadium for a Vultures listening party on Aug. 23 — two days before coming to Taiwan.

	The 16-track project boasts Vultures leftovers such as “Slide” and “Time Moving Slow.” Ye and Ty invite a plethora of guests into the mix to execute their vision, with appearances from Playboi Carti, Don Toliver, Lil Wayne, Future, Young Thug and more.

	“Slide” hit streaming services first, which was followed by a Friday night (Aug. 2) livestream of the project on YouTube before Vultures 2 eventually began surfacing on streaming platforms.

	Kanye and Ty are still riding high off the success of Vultures anthem “Carnival,” which hit No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 in March. 

	Ty Dolla $ign told Billboard in July that V2 was finished but awaiting a proper rollout. 

	“We got all the songs. Basically it’s just like, ‘How can we get it there? How can we go bigger than the first album?’” he said. “Certain people will probably expect you to just do the same exact sound. But that sound’s already out.”

	Stream Vultures 2 below.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.