The first single from The Weeknd’s upcoming ‘Hurry Up Tomorrow’ has been released.
Published on
By
The Weeknd has released “Dancing In The Flames,” the first single from his forthcoming album Hurry Up Tomorrow. The accompanying music video, directed by Anton Tammi and director of photography Erik Henrikkson was shot entirely on an iPhone 16 Pro, as was the single’s cover art and promotional photography. The video was previously teased earlier this week at Apple’s “It’s Glowtime” event. Hurry Up Tomorrow is available for preorder now.
Watch this video on YouTube
Hurry Up Tomorrow marks the culmination of a trilogy that began with 2020’s After Hours and 2022’s Dawn FM. The entire trilogy has taken an existential journey in the form of an unending night out, and serves as a possible conclusion to the project known as The Weeknd. “The album I’m working on now is probably my last hurrah as The Weeknd,” the artist, born Abel Tesfaye, told W Magazine last year. “This is something that I have to do. As The Weeknd, I’ve said everything I can say.” In the weeks leading up to the release of “Dancing In The Flames,” the singer also shared cryptic clues on social media. “I look in the mirror and feel both old and new, stuck in limbo and unable to move,” a post from his Instagram read last week. “I still haven’t faced myself.”
If this is the final hurrah for The Weeknd, it’s shaping up to be a great one. Last weekend, the singer took the stage in Sao Paulo, Brazil, for a sold-out show that was streamed to millions more on YouTube. Joined by surprise guests Playboi Carti and Anitta, the performance trended in 25 countries around the globe, including the United States, where it was the highest trending music performance. Ahead of the performance, The Weeknd also was featured on the cover of Billboard Brazil, and the accompanying story and photos garnered so much traffic that they briefly crashed the magazine’s website. By practically any conceivable metric, The Weeknd is one of the most popular artists across the entire globe.
Order The Weeknd’s Hurry Up Tomorrow now.