By ASHLEIGH GRAY FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  03:44, 1 June 2024   |  Updated:  23:20, 3 June 2024   
 34
View  comments
Camila Cabello was seen on the move in Los Angeles ahead of the weekend.
The 27-year-old singer-songwriter — who recently dropped a music video with Lil Nas X — was clad in a high-cut black bodysuit from Alo Yoga.
The piece showed off her cleavage and exposed the sides of her toned midriff.
Cabello, who hails from Cuba, layered a fitted black shrug on top and she sported baggy gray sweatpants.
Her casual and cool look was punctuated with a pair of white HOKA sneakers.
Camila Cabello was seen on the move in Los Angeles ahead of the weekend
The 27-year-old singer-songwriter — who recently dropped a music video with Lil Nas X — was clad in a high-cut black bodysuit from Alo Yoga
Cabello's long blonde hair was styled in a single braid that flowed down her back.
The pop star added a thick black headband and left her face-framing bangs out at the front.
She wore stud earrings and appeared to skip makeup as she stepped out in Burbank with a big blue water bottle.
The canister served as a moving advertisement as it had the title of her forthcoming album C, XOXO printed on it in silver font.
It comes after the entertainer opened up during an interview with Dax Shepard on The Armchair Expert podcast.
In the sit-down she confessed to losing her virginity to Matthew Hussey at age 20. 
The former Fifth Harmony star described the experience as 'beautiful.' 
'That was my first relationship. It was late for my first,' she admitted. 'That was my first time having sex. First lovemaking was at 20, 21. It was literally lovemaking. It was beautiful.'
Her bodysuit showed off her cleavage and exposed the sides of her toned midriff
Cabello's long blonde hair was styled in a single braid that flowed down her back
Camila is Billboard's latest cover star
Earlier this week the megastar was revealed as Billboard's latest cover star.
She discussed her new album, which comes out June 28, and working on the project's first single I LUV IT with rapper Playboi Carti.
'I feel like this whole album is like signed C, XOXO because it’s signed by me — from me to you,' she shared.
Elsewhere in the chat, she noted that this is her 'new era' and that everything started 'with the music' and 'songwriting.' 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group