"Carti is like the [new] Wayne now," Lil Novi said.

							By 

	Preezy Brown

Hip-Hop Reporter

Lil Wayne‘s son believes that Playboi Carti is the new Lil Wayne, and the greatest rap artist in Hip-Hop. 

	Weezy’s 15-year-old son, Neal, who raps under the name Lil Novi, recently sat down with Flophouse Atlanta for an interview. During the conversation, Lil Novi was asked who he feels is the greatest rapper of all-time, to which he responded by first naming his father before singing the praises of Playboi Carti.

	“Obviously, my dad,” Lil Novi said, albeit while seemingly alluding to Carti having overtaken that spot. “But for me, I’d say like because Carti is like the Wayne now. So yeah, Carti.”

	The teenager would go on to defend his answer upon skepticism from the host regarding Carti’s claim to being among rap’s modern greats. Lil Novi pointed to Carti’s success as a commercial artist and demand as a touring draw as evidence of his stature among the culture’s elite. “If you really like think, he’s there,” he added. “He’s reached that level. He’s done crazy numbers.”

	










	Lil Novi’s choice of Playboi Carti as his current G.O.A.T. and his comparison of the rapper and Lil Wayne garnered a mixed reaction upon his interview surfacing on social media, with fans of both Weezy and Carti weighing in with their own opinions. Some expressed their disbelief that Lil Novi would liken Carti to his father, with one user writing, “How could he listen to his dad then Carti and determine he behind his dad?”
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Kendrick Lamar Called "Hypocrite" For Performing With "Deadbeat" Playboi Carti After Dissing Drake		
			







	Another user surmised that Lil Novi likely isn’t as much of a fan of his father’s music as the general public, but mentioned him in his answer out of respect for his legacy. “I can almost guarantee he doesn’t listen to his dad. He doesn’t share the same hype we have, he just knows his dad is a titan in the industry.”

	Other commenters seemed to agree with Lil Novi listing Carti as his personal favorite, as he’s a more resonant artist to younger rap fans, while Lil Wayne and others’ music may be considered dated to the current generation. 

	Lil Novi, whose mother is singer Nivea and bears an eerie physical and vocal resemblance to his father, is looking to follow in his footsteps, as the aspiring rapper has released multiple songs on social media and other platforms.

	Watch Lil Novi speak on Lil Wayne and Playboi Carti below.

	









Lil Wayne's son, 15 year old rapper 'Lil Novi' says that the greatest rapper of all time, besides his dad, is Playboi Carti"Carti is like the Wayne now… hes reached that level"– via Flophouse Atlanta Youtube pic.twitter.com/yN6DBJNCNh
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.