Manage your account
Kanye West and Ty Dolla $ign are bringing Vultures 1 to Paris.
On Saturday (Feb. 18), Ye and Ty announced through social media that they will present their new joint album to fans at Paris’ Accor Arena on Sunday, Feb. 25.
More from Billboard
Kanye West & Ty Dolla $ign Announce Two ‘Vultures 1’ Listening Events in Italy
Beyoncé Reveals Chopping Off Her Hair for a Pixie Cut in 2013 Was an Act of Rebellion
Usher Reflects on Slapping Nicki Minaj's Butt at 2014 MTV VMAs: 'I Shouldn't Have Smacked Her'
The duo’s newly announced “listening experience” follows previously announced events scheduled in Italy. Earlier in the week, West and Dolla $ign revealed they would play Vultures 1 for concert-goers at the Milan Forum (Feb. 22) and Bologna Unipol Arena (Feb. 24).
West and Ty delivered their anticipated Vultures 1 album last weekend and the project is vying for the No. 1 slot on the Billboard 200 albums chart, which would mark Ye’s 11th chart-topper. The set was originally supposed to debut on Feb. 9 after a Chicago listening event, but ultimately trickled out (with a false start or two) on streaming services over Feb. 10.
The 16-track Vultures 1 features appearances from big-name collaborators like Travis Scott, Playboi Carti and Chris Brown (though none are actually credited on the feature-less tracklist), as well as a guest vocal from Ye’s 10-year-old daughter North on “Talking.”
Vultures 1 marks the first project for West since his string of hate speech and antisemitic remarks, which resulted in companies such as Adidas and Def Jam distancing themselves from the 46-year-old rapper. It’s also his first album since the release of 2021’s Donda, which won a pair of Grammys the following year, most notably best rap song for “Jail.” As for Ye and Ty, their collaborations date back to Ty’s “Ego Death” (2020), Ye’s “Everything We Need” (2019), “Real Friends” (2016), and “Only One” (2014).
In addition to Ye and Ty’s listening event at Chicago’s United Center on Feb. 8, the pair hosted a similar experience at New York’s UBS Arena on Feb. 9. The duo is also scheduled to headline Rolling Loud California on March 14.
See Ye’s Paris listening event announcement on X below.
Best of Billboard
Janet Jackson's Biggest Billboard Hot 100 Hits
H.E.R. & Chris Brown 'Come Through' to No. 1 on Adult R&B Airplay Chart
Anne Wilson's 'I Still Believe in Christmas' Crowns Christian Airplay Chart