Iggy Azalea says she is the one and only parent to her son.
The rapper sat down with Modern Family actor Jesse Tyler Ferguson for a new episode of his Dinner’s on Me podcast published on Tuesday.
While reflecting on her experience as a single mother, the 34-year-old revealed that she is not in a co-parenting situation for her son Onyx, whom she welcomed with Playboi Carti, 28, in June of 2020.
Four months after Onyx was born, Iggy announced her breakup with Carti and her intentions to raise the child on her own.
"I'm very much a single mother, I'm very much the only parent," said Azalea at the 24:50 mark in the video below. "No disrespect, but I am not co-parenting, really. That's just the reality of it. It's 24/7."
Azalea spoke on the importance of having a "village," which she says consists of her mother, Tanya, who raised Iggy as a single mother herself. The "Fancy" rapper also says she began to work with a life coach two to three times a week to figure things out post-breakup and when the entertainment world was largely shut down by the COVID-19 pandemic.
"It's helped me so much in every which way of my life. That's been really my biggest help. But with my mom, the way that she's really like helped me so much, just by being there," she said. "Sometimes it can't even be put into words, and I'm still like that as an adult, where I'm not even calling for advice but I just I'm calling to tell you, 'Please get on a plane, because I don't even need you to say anything I just need you to sit in the corner of the room I'm in,' and somehow it helps."
Elsewhere in their conversation, Azalea revealed that her son is currently fascinated with music and is beginning to write some of his own songs.
"He's been writing songs lately, which terrifies me," Azalea confessed. "I'm like 'It's fine, it's fine, he's four. I really don't want you to be an artist, don't go in the industry, no.' But you know I have to support whatever he wants to do and he is four, it'll change a million times over."
Azalea also says that Onyx loves watching his mother’s music videos, particularly her 2014 single "Black Widow" featuring Rita Ora. She did not mention if the four-year-old enjoys any hits from his estranged father, Carti.
Iggy and Carti reportedly began their relationship in 2018, two years before the arrival of their son. Azalea accused the Whole Lotta Red rapper of cheating in a series of now-deleted tweets after he did not spend Christmas with his son.
music | BY Alex Ocho
Playboi Carti Teases New Music During Festival Set: ‘I Promise You the Album Is Coming'
music | BY Joshua Espinoza
Iggy Azalea Explains Why She Left 'Volatile' Playboi Carti Relationship
music | BY Trace William Cowen
Iggy Azalea Speaks Out After Tory Lanez Sentencing Letter Revealed, Says She ‘Never Intended to Publicly Comment’
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.