By SONIA HORON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  23:56, 4 February 2024   |  Updated:  06:14, 5 February 2024   
 58
View  comments
Kanye West was pictured wearing a white Halloween hockey mask once again, as he stepped out for a star-studded bash at Harriet's rooftop bar in Los Angeles on Sunday.
The rapper, 46, channeled horror villain icon Jason Voorhees in the Halloween mask, under which he wore a black balaclava.
He completed the look with a black leather jacket and matching pants, as well as thick black gloves and boots.
Kim Kardashian's ex-husband was joined by a number of famous pals, including Wiz Khalifa, DaBaby, YG, Ty Dolla $ign, and Will.i.am. 
He was also spotted wearing the same mask earlier in the day, during an outing with wife Bianca Censori, and on Friday to son Saint's basketball game. 
Kanye West was pictured wearing a white Halloween hockey mask once again, as he stepped out for a star-studded bash at Harriet's rooftop bar in Los Angeles on Sunday 
The rapper, 46, sported a black balaclava under the Jason Voorhees reminiscent mask. He completed the look with a black leather jacket as well as thick black gloves and boots
Meanwhile Wiz, 36, showed off his trendy style in a grey hoodie, oversized jeans and very chunky white boots.
He accessorized with gold chains and a pair of grey-rimmed sunglasses.
Will.i.am, 48, looked cool as ever in a black hoodie under an oversized black blazer and pants.
The Black Eyed Peas frontman added a pop of color to his outfit with large pink sunglasses.
DaBaby, 32, went shirtless under a black and white motorcycle jacket and matching pants.
The Suge hitmaker finalized the outfit with a sparkling chunky diamond chain.
YG, 33, donned a short-sleeve black and white plaid shirt and black gloves. He completed the looking white shimmering metallic pants.
Ty Dolla $ign, 41, sported an all-black look and accessorized with a number of chains. 
Kim Kardashian's ex-husband was joined by a number of famous pals, including Wiz Khalifa, 36, who showed off his trendy style in a grey hoodie, oversized jeans and chunky white boots
Will.i.am, 48, looked cool as ever in a black hoodie under an oversized blazer and pants. The Black Eyed Peas frontman added a pop of color to the look with large pink sunglasses
DaBaby, 32, went shirtless under a black and white motorcycle jacket and matching pants. The Suge hitmaker finalized the outfit with a sparkling chunky diamond chain
YG, 33, donned a short-sleeve black and white plaid shirt and black gloves
He completed the looking white shimmering metallic pants
Ty Dolla $ign, 41, sported an all-black look and accessorized with a number of chains
On Sunday, Kanye was seen wearing two Halloween masks — a Michael Myers mask and a Jason Voorhees hockey mask.
He was pictured out in Los Angeles with Bianca after filming a music video with Playboi Carti and Luka Sabbat.
They took a break from filming as they hopped into the West's Toyota MegaCruiser to meet up with Travis Scott at his kids Stormi and Aire's joint birthday party.
The rapper was seated in the front with his wife, 29, driving while Carti and Sabbat sat in the back of the vehicle.
His architect designer wife was dressed in an interesting outfit consisting of a white bodysuit and hooded, clear raincoat.
This comes ahead of West's album release as Vultures: Act 1, his collaborative project with Ty Dolla $ign, is expected to drop later this week.
The first edition, which has been postponed multiple times since a live-streamed listening session in Miami late last year, is slated for February 9.
The second volume is expected for March 8, and the following will drop on April 5.
He was seen posing with YG and pals
YG gave DaBaby a friendly hug inside 
The rappers were pictured striking a pose together 
They appeared to have a blast at the bash
Vultures is West's first album since he was entangled in a string of controversies — most notably condemned for his offensive and antisemitic rants.
His new album is being self-released.
The controversial star has since issued a public apology to the Jewish community in a 40-minute apology video, which Censori 'pressured' him to do.
He previously posted a written apology in Hebrew for his string of offensive outbursts.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group