In a recent video, Ty Dolla $ign shows how Apple Music is not promoting Kanye West and Ty’s Vultures 1 album or its songs on their home page despite "Carnival" being No. 1 on the Top Songs chart.
On Sunday (March 3), a video surfaced of a since-deleted clip Kanye West posted on his Instagram Story. The video shows Ty Dolla $ign scrolling on his phone on the Apple Music home page. He points out how Ty and Ye's joint album, Vultures 1, or its songs are not being promoted on Apple Music's home page. In the visual, which can be viewed below, Ty Dolla scrolls through Apple Music's front page on his smartphone and shows there is no sign of his Vultures 1 album.
Then the rapper-crooner proceeds to access Apple Music's chart section and navigates towards the Top Songs chart to reveal their rowdy track "Carnival" featuring Rich The Kid and Playboi Carti has reached No. 1.
Before the video ends, Ye and Ty Dolla can be heard shouting, "Ha!"
Although Ty Dolla $ign didn't mention why he believes Vultures 1 is being omitted from Apple Music's front page and charts, his video suggests that the music game might be rigged for certain artists.
Ty Dolla $ign's video aside, Vultures 1 has been very successful for the rap duo so far.
The rollout for the their joint album featured multiple live listening events in various cities. According to a Billboard report, published on Feb. 29, Ye and Ty's Chicago and New York listening events each grossed around $2.4 million. The European listening events—held at Milan Arena on Feb. 22, Unipol Arena in Bologna, Italy on Feb. 24, and Accor Arena in Paris on Feb. 25—were not disclosed. However, Billboard estimates that these concerts sold a similar number of tickets to the corresponding U.S. events. The music publication didn't mention a total for the Miami and Las Vegas listenings.
Billboard estimates that their listening events earned them over $12 million.
Check out Ty Dolla $ign showing Apple Music not promoting the Vultures 1 album despite "Carnival" being No. 1 on the Top Songs chart below.