By 

	Steven J. Horowitz

Senior Music Writer

Nicki Minaj, Travis Scott and Playboi Carti are set to headline Rolling Loud Europe, scheduled to take place from July 5-7 in Ebreichsdorf, Austria.

	The event, which will take place near Vienna at the venue Rancino, will also feature a lineup of artists from all over the globe. Stateside stars include Ice Spice, Gunna, Offset, Sexyy Red, Chief Keef, Ski Mask the Slump God, Lil Tjay, Don Toliver, Flo Milli, TiaCorine, Destroy Lonely and Anycia.





	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					Horror Overkill: Too Many Scary Movies Set for 2025 Theatrical Releases		
			














	
		
					Robert De Niro Shares 'Love and Support' for His Daughter Airyn After She Comes Out as Transgender: 'I Don't Know What the Big Deal Is'		
			








	The fest will also welcome acts from the United Kingdom including K-Trap and Unknown T, as well as worldwide musicians Money Boy, Gola Gianni, Ufo 361, Pashanim, Reezy, Shirin David, Rondodasosa and Fresh.

	










			Popular on Variety		






	“We couldn’t be more excited to return to Europe,” says Rolling Loud co-founders Matt Zingler and Tariq Cherif. “We’ve been blown away by the passion of the fans at our European shows, and we know our first show in Austria is going to keep the energy going.”

	Rolling Loud has staged numerous global festivals during its decade-long tenure, including events in Canada, the Netherlands, Portugal, Australia, Germany and Thailand. The festival will return to Thailand from Nov. 22-24, and circle back to Miami on Dec. 13-15.

	Most recently, the festival swung by Inglewood, CA last month, boasting headliners including Minaj, Post Malone and Future and Metro Boomin. The event got off to a rocky start with an added date dedicated to Kanye West and Ty Dolla Sign, who simply stood on stage while their latest collaborative album, “Vultures 1,” blared through the soundsystem. But the rest of the fest made up for it, with Minaj giving an impassioned, condensed version of her set from the current Pink Friday 2 tour.

	Tickets will be available to the general public for Rolling Loud Europe starting on Friday, April 12 at 6 a.m. ET.
The Business of Entertainment