The Chicago legend is still in the midst of his 'Vultures' era as well.

							By 

	Armon Sadler

Hip-Hop Reporter

	Ye, formerly known as Kanye West, is notorious for announcing multiple projects at a time and not delivering on all of them. The 47-year-old artist recently shared a new single and announced a forthcoming solo album while continuing his Vultures era. 

	The 24-time Grammy winner hosted a Vultures listening at the Wuyuan River Stadium in Haikou, Hannan, China, and had some news to share with the attendees. “I got a new album coming out,” he said while playing a new record. “The album is called Bully and this song is called ‘Beauty And The Beast.'” On “Beauty And The Beast,” the Chicago artist sings about having “fresh new tires” and admits he’s attempting to manage his emotions better.

	










	“It’s been a long time coming/ Fresh new tires, I’m still runnin’,” he softly croons on the track, which he posted on his Instagram. “It’s a few things I’m overcomin’/ But the checks still clear, still think about it every night and day/ Try to stay away to keep my audience up/ Don’t take this as disrespect, I’m sitting here trying to redirect/ I’m thinkin’ ’bout it every night and day/ Try to stay away, to keep my audience up/ Don’t take this as disrespect, I’m still here in a trifecta.” The production is downtempo, a departure from the energy of his Vultures series, and the ideal canvas for Ye to be more vulnerable. Check out the song and an accompanying visual below. 
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Ye's Former Manager Free Maiden Shoots Down Extortion Accusations		
			






A post shared by Ye (@ye)
A post shared by Toure (@toureshow)

	Journalist Touré revealed that Ye hosting his listening party in China was not a random decision, but rather he has chosen a slightly nearby Asian country as the hub to create his new album. “Kanye is now living in Tokyo and living in a hotel hard at work on his next album Bully,” Touré shared. “He’s recording the album in the hotel room. Like, all the machines are set up in the hotel room. It’s a concept album and he plans to be the only producer on it.” 

	He pointed out how the Donda artist typically works with a team of producers and writers who help him turn his “big ideas” into music but this venture is different. “This time, Kanye is gonna make this pretty much by himself,” he added. “A fresh chapter in his life because in Tokyo he can be who he wants to be.”

	










	There is currently no set release date for Bully and, knowing the polarizing artist, this could either drop next month or in a few years. Either way, he has kept his fans fed with the first two editions of his Vultures trilogy of collaborative albums with Ty Dolla $ign. The first came out in February and was highlighted by the Billboard chart-topping “Carnival” featuring Playboi Carti and Rich The Kid. The second album was released in August. Listen to both below.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.