The album is due to arrive next week 
Takeoff is set to posthumously feature on Kanye West and Ty Dolla $ign’s upcoming album ‘Vultures 2’.
The late Migos rapper contributed a verse to the pre-existing song ‘Let Me Chill Out’, which also includes appearances from Rich The Kid and NBA YoungBoy.
Rolling Stone confirmed the collaboration’s inclusion on the album after West said that ‘Vultures 2’ would be released on May 3. According to the outlet, a source described the Takeoff team-up as a “highlight track” of the collection.
Takeoff has only been posthumously featured on the songs ‘Patty Cake’ and ‘Back Where It Begins’ from Quavo‘s 2023 album ‘Rocket Power’.
Quavo, Takeoff’s uncle, explained around the time of the record’s release that he wanted to keep Takeoff’s unreleased music “very, very sacred”. He added: “Knowing him, he’d want his shit right.”
West worked with Takeoff and Migos on ‘We Did It Kid’ on ‘Donda 2’ (2022). Following Takeoff’s death, West shared two images of himself with the group. “Love forever,” he wrote.
Takeoff showed his support for West in one of his last interviews. “Shout-out to Ye,” he told Billboard. “You hear me, y’all stop fucking with my boy.”
The Migos star, real name Kirsnick Khari Ball, was shot and killed in Houston, Texas on November 1, 2022. He was 28 years old.
In 2021, Migos responded to the rumours that they almost signed to Kanye West‘s GOOD Music label in 2016.
The second instalment of the ‘Vultures’ trilogy was originally due on March 8, with a third scheduled to follow on April 5.
In February, West and Dolla $ign released their long-awaited debut collaborative LP ‘Vultures 1’ – which features verses from the former’s daughter North West, YG, Playboi Carti, Freddie Gibbs and more.
In a two-star review, NME said that the collection was “mired in misogyny” and “dogged by degrading lyrics and messy mixes”.
It added: “Such misogyny is hardly new in hip-hop – or either artists’ catalogues or the broader musical landscape in general – but that doesn’t make it any less detestable.”
In other news, Kanye West is reportedly “dead set” on setting up a ‘Yeezy Porn Studio’.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.