For rap fans of a certain age, the exemplar of a superlative year is DMX's 1998. In a year not short on hip-hop classics, the rapper rose above the crop with not one but two A+ albums released seven months apart. Future may never release a project quite as paradigm-shifting as It’s Dark and Hell Is Hot—few artists can—but when we look back on 2024, we’ll have to talk about the Atlanta wizard with a DMX-esque reverence.
Future’s been on prolific runs before: in the annals of hallowed contemporary rap mythology, the creative surge from late 2014 to summer 2015 that birthed the mixtapes Monster, Beast Mode, 56 Nights into the album DS2 is the stuff of legend. But there’s something extra impressive about a 40-year-old rapper going into his fourteenth year hitting a stride to drop 59 songs in one calendar year, where at least 40 of them are genuinely pretty fucking great.
Earlier this year, Future finally did what fans had been dreaming of for years and locked in with Metro Boomin, one of his most potent collaborators. The union yielded a bounty that still feels made up: two full-length projects, each indulging in the two different lanes Future has been peerlessly innovating for the last decade, trap and avant-garde R&B. The beats were some of Metro’s most lush and inventive to date, the bars were closer to Future’s peak than most of his last few projects, and his melodies even sharper. Even if they hadn’t set the stage for the World War I of rap beefs, we’d still be talking about both albums in any credible Best of the year conversations.
Now, fresh from a tour with Metro, Future isn’t content to ride the year out with some rest. Today he released Mixtape Pluto, a slight palette cleanser that is by design less adventurous than the Metro albums, but nevertheless keeps his hot streak alive and unprecedented. The intention behind the tape is set from its title and accompanying album art: this is Future aiming for a return to his Atlanta street roots, as underlined by depicting the late great Atlanta pioneer Rico Wade’s dungeon house, the home base for the last three decades of paradigm-shifting southern music stretching back from Future to Outkast.
There’s nothing as titanic as “Like That” or layups like “Type Shit,” but that’s kind of the point. Wisely, Metro doesn’t appear—there is such thing as overkill—and Future instead re-teams with early era producers like Southside and Atlanta trap staples like Wheezy and ATL Jacob for a reset of sorts. The tracks feel lightweight, in most cases barely exceeding two minutes long or less. There are no features or radio-ready hooks. This is Future back in the gym hoisting training shots up a month after winning the chip, asserting that he doesn’t need a Kendrick Lamar or Playboi Carti verse to keep his foot on the rap game’s neck.
And still a Future in third gear focused only on keeping it grimy and loose is still a problem. Mixtape Pluto catches a stride around its midpoint with the contemplative “South of France,” that essentially doesn’t let up for the rest of the project. Only the Wizard can come up with songs that are just inherently cool from start because they’re titled shit like “Surfing a Tsunami” and then back it up with bars like “Fuck depressed, I'm really depressed cause my lawyer didn't go and buy the yacht.” He’ll reflect in awe on how far he’s come just to reaffirm that he’s still too hood to ever get caught up by Hollywood shit, instead focusing on how his mere presence is a flex with the outlandish statement that he “made my hoe faint.”
Mixtape Pluto peaks with a new instant classic in the pantheon of Sad Future tracks: “Lost My Dog,” which starts with a gut punch of raw emotion—“Lost my dog to fentanyl, his body couldn't absorb it”—and doesn’t let up from there.
Future’s boasts are generational—again, he made his hoe faint—but the pain behind deceptively simple lines like “Poppin opioids, just trying to relax/Thought I was done with it, then got the news about you/All it made me wanna do is relapse” and “We share the same pain… should've knew he wasn't happy”... that’s what helped this guy rise above the crop as a true auteur at the height of the 2010s and that’s why we’re still talking about him now. Few of his peers can communicate the constant tension between trauma and success as evocatively over something cinematic from Metro or gutter from Southside. As he says elsewhere on Mixtape Pluto: “Went thru the lows, now I’ma go cop a boat.” The tsunami surfing continues.
More From GQ
Connect
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. GQ may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices