By JAMES CIRRONE FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  01:01, 6 September 2024   |  Updated:  10:01, 6 September 2024   
 10
View  comments
The distraught girlfriend of late rapper Rich Homie Quan could be heard in the harrowing moments after his death during a frantic 911 call.
Amber Williams, who has two sons with the rapper, relayed that the rapper wasn't breathing, didn't have a heartbeat and began foaming at the mouth when she turned him over, according to the audio obtained by TMZ.
The 34-year-old musician, real name Dequantes Devontay Lamar, had been asleep on the living room couch since the night before and had never come to bed, according to Williams. 
Thinking he was still asleep from the night before, Williams said she placed a blanket over her boyfriend before getting her son off to school.
'Now, I just checked on him again because he never got up. I don't feel a heartbeat, I don't see him breathing,' she said.
Amber Williams, left, is pictured with Rich Homie Quan and their young child.
The dispatcher had trouble hearing her, but once Williams confirmed that Lamar wasn't breathing, she sent paramedics right way.
The dispatcher then attempts to coach Williams through giving Lamar CPR, asking her to lie him down on his back on the floor.
'He is not waking up!' Williams said, distressed.
Lamar was pronounced dead at the scene on Thursday. He leaves behind his girlfriend and his four kids. 
His family told TMZ they are 'shattered and heartbroken' by the sudden loss just a month shy of his 35th birthday.
He was due to perform in his hometown in a few weeks at Nick Cannon's Wild N Out alongside the likes of Wacka Flocka and Nardo Wick.
A representative from Fulton County morgue also confirmed the news of his passing.
Online rumors of a drug overdose have been fueled by other musicians, but his family is yet to confirm a cause of death.
An autopsy has been schedule for Friday, People reported.
Rich Homie Quan was found dead at age 34, with many paying tribute to the star
He was found dead at his Atlanta home, with rumors online suggesting he suffered a drug overdose
Fellow rapper Playboi Carti was among those to lead tributes to the late star, posting several clips of him on his Instagram story. 
Lamar charted in 2013 with his single 'Type of Way' which notched 50 on the Billboard Top 100 at its peak.
He followed it up with 'Flex (Ooh, Ooh, Ooh)' and 'Ride Out'. 
He achieved further fame as part of the group Rich Gang, alongside Atlanta rapper Young Thug, as part of a Cash Money Records project.
At the time, he was described by the New York Times as being part of the city's rising generation of rappers. 
His latest single 'Ah'Chi' saw him feature alongside rapper 2ChainZ. 
Lamar was due to testify in the trial of his former bandmate Young Thug, real name Jeffrey Lamar Williams, who is accused of street gang activities.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have been moderated in advance.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group