The Atlanta rapper has been teasing his third album 'I Am Music' for years, but it still does not have a release date
Playboi Carti is set to play his upcoming album in its entirety during his set at Rolling Loud Miami in December.
The Atlanta rapper has been teasing his third studio album, prospectively titled ‘I Am Music’, for several years, and has said it will be released before the end of the year.
Now, it appears that he will be playing the record in full when he plays Rolling Loud Miami on December 15. Carti’s collective Opium posted on Instagram on Wednesday (November 27): “Miami ten year anniversary – I Am Music will b played – Kant wait to see yal MFs nah fr”.
A post shared by @opium_00pium
Carti is headlining the third night of the Miami festival, with Future and Travis Scott topping the bill on the previous two nights.
Tariq Cherif, the co-founder of Rolling Loud, wrote on X on Wednesday: “Was on FaceTime with Carti last night for like 2 hours. Bro played me some fiiiiiire from the album. I Am Music is about to be a classic. Rolling Loud Miami debut. Movie! And he’s sorry about Thailand. Shit happens but we move on. Let’s goooooo!”
Was on FaceTime with Carti last night for like 2 hours. Bro played me some fiiiiiire from the album. I Am Music is about to be a classic. Rolling Loud Miami debut. Movie! And he’s sorry about Thailand. Shit happens but we move on. Let’s goooooo!
— Tariq (@TariqCherif) November 27, 2024
THANK GOD I BOUGHT MY TICKET!!! THIS WILL BE MY FIRST TIME SEEING CARTI OMGGG pic.twitter.com/83tjufZg66
— Ken (@kennethwrii) November 27, 2024
Carti had been due to headline Rolling Loud Thailand and Wireless Festival Middle East, but was forced to cancel both appearances at the last minute, due to “travel issues”.
Carti did, however, play at Tyler, The Creator’s festival Camp Flog Gnaw last week, where he performed his recent singles ‘Backr00ms’, ‘2024’ and ‘EvilJordan’, as well as ‘Timeless’, for which he was joined by The Weeknd.
That un-billed performance came two months after the duo live debuted ‘Timeless’ at The Weeknd’s one-off livestream event in São Paulo, Brazil to showcase his new era. They also performed a cover of Carti and Travis Scott’s Top Five Billboard hit, ‘FE!N’.
‘I Am Music’ is expected to include those songs, as well as his latest single ‘All Red’, which arrived in September. His last full-length was 2021’s ‘Whole Lotta Red’, which NME awarded three stars, saying: “There’s no getting away from the fact that at 24 tracks long, there’s not a lot of variety on ‘Whole Lotta Red’, and the biggest take away here is perhaps that perennial rap fan favourite: less is most definitely more.”
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.