Filed under:
And Keith Lee is bringing his local favorites
When brands like Supreme and Nike’s Air Jordan drop new products, fans of the streetwear brands clamor to buy the limited-time merchandise. Miles Canares, co-founder of the Family Style Food Festival, sees the modern phenomenon of popular restaurants as similarly exciting. “Food is a fast-growing section of pop culture,” says Canares. “The scene is reminiscent of streetwear with independent people making their own products out of a 500-square-foot space.” 
It’s an outlook that led to creating Family Style — a food festival born in Los Angeles that partners hot restaurants with popular brands. For the first time, the fest will be held in Las Vegas as part of the music and pop culture ComplexCon event. The Family Style Las Vegas line-up will bring together local chefs, restaurants, and brands including Shang Artisan Noodle, Lotus of Siam, One Piece Cafe, Milpa, Pink Box Doughnuts, and others. Eminem’s Mom’s Spaghetti will be there with Detroit’s Supino Pizzeria. Chicken sandwich destination Howlin’ Rays will make its first appearance outside of Los Angeles. And Las Vegas food influencer Keith Lee gets his own section of the festival, featuring some of his favorite Las Vegas restaurants.
The participating restaurants will have food for sale — as well as merch. Brands like Pharrell Williams’ Billionaire Boys Club and Vandy the Pink are designing specialty products for Las Vegas restaurant brands. Entrance to the fest comes with tickets to ComplexCon, which kicks off with Playboi Carti and Travis Scott on November 16 and 17. 
The multi-level Chandelier at the Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas is rethinking its cocktail program, dedicating each floor to its own style of drinks. The Cosmopolitan’s head of mixology, Gedeon Tsegaye, designed classic cocktails for the first floor, with drinks like a play on the Sazerac with a touch of Jamaican rum and chocolate bitters. The second level goes all-in on bubbles with drinks like the They Not Like Us, a carbonated mango mai tai with turmeric, orgeat, and Manzanilla sherry. And wandering onto the in-between level — Level 1.5 — will take visitors onto a higher energy floor with drinks that skew more playful. Here, the Sakura features clarified lime juice and a vermouth foam. In addition to the new menus, the bar still offers signature drinks and mocktails on every floor.  
The residence and retail development, Origin at Symphony Park, will break ground later this year with the Cello Tower — the first residential high-rise in Las Vegas in more than 15 years. Aspire Coffee House, the cafe in Skye Canyon, is the project’s first tenant. At 32 stories high, the new building will tower over downtown Las Vegas at its home near the Smith Center. Both the tower and the new Aspire location are scheduled to open in 2026.
Summerlin’s fast-casual Flower Child restaurant is taking its vegetable-centric sensibilities to Henderson. With a robust menu of vegetarian, vegan, and gluten-free options, Flower Child will open with a new building at the District at Green Valley Ranch on November 12, serving dishes like chicken yakisoba noodles, steak with charred onion and horseradish yogurt, gluten-free macaroni and cheese, and kale salads daily from 11 a.m. to 9 p.m. 
While watching the Las Vegas Raiders take on the Cincinnati Bengals on Sunday, sports fans can ride the high or endure the lows with a chicken sandwich from David Chang’s Fuku. Now open at the stadium, Fuku serves spicy fried chicken on sandwiches, as well as saucy tenders and waffle fries. It’s the latest in Chang’s Las Vegas portfolio, joining Momofuku Noodle Bar and Bang Bar located in the Cosmopolitan.
Sign up for our newsletter.
Check your inbox for a welcome email.
Oops. Something went wrong. Please enter a valid email and try again.
Sign up for our newsletter.
Check your inbox for a welcome email.
Oops. Something went wrong. Please enter a valid email and try again.