By SAM JOSEPH SEMON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  17:22, 16 May 2024   |  Updated:  20:59, 16 May 2024   
 8
View  comments
Camila Cabello made quite the impression while stepping out of Mr T in Hollywood on Wednesday night.
The 27-year-old performer wore an all-black outfit that included a sleek leather zip-up jacket worn on top of a multi-pocketed skirt, which showed off her toned legs.
The singer - who recently opened up about struggles in her love life - also wore a pair of knee-high leather boots with buckles.
She completed her outfit with chic sunglasses.
Cabello's brightly dyed blonde hair remained free-flowing and cascaded onto her back and shoulders while she stepped out.
The songwriter's outing took place just a few days after she shared several photos and videos from a night out with Lil Nas X on her Instagram account.
Camila Cabello made quite the impression while stepping out of Mr T. in Hollywood on Wednesday night
The Havana singer and the 25-year-old rapper were seen while visiting a club and performing for its guests in the videos included in the post.
Cabello went on to share a photo that showed Lil Nas X, born Montero Lamar Hill, lying down on a stretcher while she gave a concerned look to an off-screen individual.
The singer opted for a shining leather bodycon dress and dual-tone boots for her night on the town.
The Old Town Road rapper stood out while wearing a graphic-printed long-sleeve top and heavily distressed jeans.
Cabello and Lil Nas X recently collaborated on the track He Knows, which made its debut earlier this month.
The song will be included on the former's upcoming fourth studio album, entitled C, XOXO.
The first single from the record, entitled I Luv It, featured vocals from rapper Playboi Carti and was released this past March.
The performer spoke about her song during an interview on The Zane Lowe Show, during which she stated that she did not want to restrain herself as an artist while working on her track.
The 27-year-old performer wore an all-black outfit that included a sleek leather zip-up jacket worn on top of a multi-pocketed skirt, which showed off her toned upper legs
The songwriter's outing took place just a few days after she shared several photos and videos from a night out with Lil Nas X on her Instagram account
Cabello went on to share a photo that showed Lil Nas X, born Montero Lamar Hill, lying down on a stretcher while she gave a concerned look to an off-screen individual
Cabello and Lil Nas X recently collaborated on the track He Knows, which will be included on the former's upcoming fourth studio album, entitled C, XOXO
'I do feel like I'm a weirdo, and that's the music that I love, and that's the music that I feel the most proud of making,' she said.
Cabello went on to speak about working with producers Jasper Harris and El Guincho, with whom she had established a solid rapport. 
'I think the three of us were able to just keep it in this bubble of like...we're just going to do what we think is fire,' she said.
C, XOXO is currently scheduled to make its official debut on June 28. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group