Kanye West is continuing to celebrate the success of Vultures 1, which he released independently via YZY.
He and Ty Dolla Sign sat down with Big Boy TV, where the Donda rapper continued his “fuck you” tirade from earlier this week.
“At this point, fuck every label, fuck every contract, fuck any type of phone calls,” he said. “We No. 1. It's fuck everybody, you better not bring your bitch around."
When Big Boy asked what they think the next two installations of Vultures will do, West responded, "It's gonna be more fuck you's,” followed by him and Ty laughing.
In another clip from the conversation, the host asked about Yeezy distributing a round of “fuck yous” after the Vultures 1 track, “Carnival” went No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100.
“That’s the exhale,” Ye said. “The exhale, like, 'I would like to thank'—I ain't thankful. It’s fuck everyone up out this bitch. Like can’t nobody tell me shit,” he added, as he began to sing the intro from his Graduation album cut, “Can’t Tell Me Nothing.”
On Monday, West celebrated the success of “Carnival” by saying “fuck you” to a handful of people, including Drake, Adidas, and “every Christian that watched me have my kids taken out of my control.” Kanye did shout out his “Carnival” collaborators Ty, Playboi Carti, and Rich the Kid for their chart achievement.
The Drake shot in particular is due to the Her Loss rapper "taking [Lil] Durk right at the beginning of the Vultures [rollout].” Drizzy recently added Durkio to some of the final dates of the It's All a Blur – Big as the What? Tour with J. Cole. Durk featured on Ye and Ty's Vultures 1 title track.
music | BY Zach Dionne
Kanye Says 'F*ck Drake' and Plenty Other Enemies While Celebrating "Carnival" Hitting No. 1
music | BY Eric Skelton
You're Using the Term 'Industry Plant' Wrong
music | BY Zach Dionne
YesJulz Responds After Being Fired by Kanye: 'F*ck an NDA. Sue Me' (UPDATE)
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.