By
Beyoncé controlled the world with her country music debut. The excitement surrounding Queen Bey’s new album caused other stars to rearrange their releases. Throughout the week in hip-hop, many of the biggest names returned under the radar. 
This week was jam-packed with new music outside of the rodeo. From Kodak Black’s return to A Boogie stomping competitors to G Herbo prioritizing, here is a list of new music you might have missed. 
Snoop Dogg & DJ Premier Link Up “Can U Dig That”
The Doggfather prepares for his upcoming tour with a new golden age collaboration. Snoop’s signature lingo over Premier’s traditional production makes for an outstanding release. “My manager and I launched our label TTT (To The Top), and we decided to call Snoop as one of my first album collaborations.  Snoop recorded a demo of the song, and it went into my vaults unfinished,” DJ Premier professed.  “Fast forward, our initial plan for an album changed, and we decided to just release singles.”
Killer Mike & Blxst “Exit 9”
With his anticipated tour taking off, Michael freshened up his Grammy-winning album with its latest promotion featuring the West Coast hitmaker. Mike’s “Down By Law” tour hits the road this Summer. 
Playboi Carti & Camila Cabello Are Fashionably Late Wit “I Luv It”
The long-awaited collaborations surface with appreciation. It’s the pop-meets-hip-hop collaboration we didn’t realize was necessary in 2024. The latest addition to Carti’s incredible run of new music that includes collaborations with Future, Ye, and more.
Wanmor Wants To Be “Alone With You”
R&B’s newest sensation has released a soulful cover of Tevin Campbell’s classic “Alone With You.”The quartet brings their style and energy to the R&B classic, delivering a confident and charismatic performance.
Key Glock Supercharges “Let’s Go” With Alok Remix 
The Memphis rap star switches it up with the dance-ready remix. Glock proves he’s never afraid to leave his comfort zone to embrace a new fanbase. It won’t be long before we see Glock at an EDM festival near you.
That Mexican OT “Kick Doe Freestyle”
The freestyle pays tribute to Texas’s rap scene. The new mixtape focuses on a slower, warped, and haunting sound that has been popular in the state for decades. This lyrical flex makes the campaign for 2024’s best new artist tougher. 
YG Teck & Babyface Ray “Not Enough”
The Fourth Quarter‘s single, an Ebro co-sign, showcases the rising star’s trendy style with an impactful guest verse by Babyface Ray. The new collaboration involves fans to either revisit or explore the latest mixtape.
Kodak Black Makes Believers Out Of “Non Believer”
Yak’s newest single solidifies that his legal drama is a thing of the past. This tribute honors the artist’s devoted fanbase who support him through thick and thin. The track is a great lead to his upcoming album. 
A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie Crush The Buildings As “Steppas”
The Highbridge superstar delivers his signature melodic sound while asserting his toughness as one of NYC’s strongest. In the visual, he stormed the city like Snoop Dogg and the Dogg Pound in the 1990s to make his presence felt. He returns to the forefront of New York Hip-Hop ready to reclaim his throne. 
Spice 1 & Conway The Machine Enjoys “Crumbs With Bums”
The Bay Area legend and Buffalo rap star’s collaboration is a must-hear hit for backpackers. The song’s raw and uncut lyrics showcase the legend’s eternal presence in the culture.
G Herbo Changes The “Subject”
After putting legal battles behind him, the Chicago rap star sets the record straight and pays tribute to his longevity in a black-and-white visual. This marks the beginning of a new era for the artist as the first release from their upcoming project. 
Mozzy Shows Us His “Jaded” Side
The Sacramento rapper bares his soul and the weight of the streets on his shoulders on his new single, anticipating the release of Children of the Slums. The Eric Bellinger-featured heartbreaking anthem expresses overcoming personal demons while bearing the burden of a community.
SI Money Is Ready To “Sake Sumn”
The Love & Hip Hop Atlanta star just wants women to have funds, fun and shake a little sum’n sum’n. The debut single combines empowerment with extravagance as the multi-millionaire embarks on a new career.
Playboy Fresh Seizes The Moment With Heartbreak Tape Deluxe
Before his Euro trip with Eric Bellinger, the rising star’s album expands on the emotional depth and sonic diversity of the original, showcasing the artist’s raw vulnerability and unique style. The album’s popularity rapidly grows as fans discover its authenticity and emotional depth, making it a beacon of hope for many.
AZChike Is Chizzle
After an impressive guest appearance on Blue Lips, the buzzing L.A. rap star seizes the moment with 13 new songs that introduce newfound fans to his trendy sound. While Blue Lips provided a sample, Chizzle served a five-star meal. 
Buddy Reminds Us Of His Greatness With Don’t Forget To Breathe
The album features 12 songs that encourage listeners to pause, reflect, and appreciate the present moment. The former Pharrell protege’s carefree demeanor champions mindfulness and self-care. Among the featured artists include Smino and BJ The Chicago.
Devin Malik Puts On A “Canadian Tux” To Introduce Himself
He’s been a valuable asset behind the scenes for many top names in the industry. Recently, he stepped into the spotlight and boasted about his consistency in fashion amidst changing girlfriends and seasons. The video showcases his eccentricities as he brings the chill of the Great White North to sunny Southern California. It’s definitely a new mosh pit anthem.
Krown Vic & Big Flock Are At The Door Of Greatness For “Knock Knock”
Inspired by the Biggie classic, Vic and Flock rush the Kidd Slopes production like a lucrative home invasion with Ocean 11 storytelling. DMV reignites a run to the top of popularity with these two undeniable stars leading the way. 
Bella Dose Dives Deep In “Agua”
On tour, the Bilingual quartet’s fun song is just in time for Spring Break and Summertime vibes. At the pool party or nightclub, you’ll enjoy this song all night long. Bella Dose got next up for the next big thing.  
Are you a HOT 97 VIP?  Unlock exclusive, VIP Only access to the latest news, offers, contests, events, and more.  There is no cost to join for a limited time.
Δ
#1 for Hip Hop
Copyright 2024 Hot 97