Everyone’s seen the headlines: ComplexCon is moving to Las Vegas for 2024, taking over the Las Vegas Convention Center from Nov. 16-17. Travis Scott will serve as the official artistic director, bringing his Cactus Jack creative collective to design the convention floor, while headlining the Sunday night concert alongside Playboi Carti. In addition to that, for the first time ever, Family Style Food Festival will be at ComplexCon, providing eats and merch from the best restaurants in the country. ComplexCon has always been the nexus of style, sneakers, art, food, pop culture, and innovation, but even by that standard, “CactusCon” is set to be next level.
With the new location and marquee talent set, it’s time to look a little closer at what ComplexCon has in store. Here’s a preview of some of the event's biggest activations, most covetable sneaker collaborations, and sickest merch.
Nike is back at ComplexCon with three massive installations in Las Vegas, including the Nike Air Max 1000 experience, the Cactus Colosseum, and a Nike x Lil Yachty space.
At ComplexCon, Nike will unveil its new 3D-printed Air Max 1000. Manufactured with Zellerfeld, the new shoe updates the Air Max 1 silhouette with a futuristic construction and design. The Air Max 1000 booth will also go deep on Nike Air technology, giving attendees a look at its history and future, as well as a chance to win a pair of the new sneakers.
The Cactus Colosseum celebrates the launch of Travis Scott's Nike Zoom Field Jaxx. It will combine the worlds of street soccer, sneakers, and community, playing host to a soccer kit customization studio, a retail space full of limited-edition merch, and a soccer pitch where skills competitions and scrimmages will kick off daily.
Lil Yachty and the Concrete Boys will also bring something unique to ComplexCon, presenting the rapper's new Nike Us Force 1. Their activation will offer fans the opportunity to test their strength by busting open concrete blocks to unlock exclusive prizes and merch. A lucky few will even be able to win Lil Yachty’s unreleased Nike Us Force 1.
Nike will also tease upcoming Nike x Stash Air Force 1 and Air Max 95 silhouettes at ComplexCon and will drop a Kids of Immigrants Air Max Sunder at that brand's Together Gallery installation.
ComplexCon always thinks “outside the booth.” The Emirates NBA Cup Center Court activation only adds to that legacy. On Nov. 16 and 17, Complex and the NBA will showcase a full-sized replica of the 2024 Emirates NBA Cup Semifinals and Championship court, where they’ll host basketball challenges, a red carpet photo op with the official NBA Cup trophy, panels boasting premier surprise guests, and meet and greets with NBA legends. Head over to the court to see what’s up, take a pic, catch a panel, or to buy Bristol Studio x New Era x Emirates NBA Cup Limited Edition gear and Playa Society WNBA merch.
Until the past few days, the ASICS x Hidden collaboration had been kept mostly under wraps. A couple mysterious videos for the “Prehistoric Technologies” capsule collection appeared on Instagram, teasing an ASICS running shoe and what look to be a windbreaker and pants. Then on Wednesday, Nov. 13, Hidden went a bit further, posting a full look at its ASICS Gel Venture 6 Shield runner in a white/wasabi colorway. We’re still not sure what the booth looks like, but the shoe already has sneakerheads chattering. Visit the ASICS x Hidden activation to get the full picture, then grab the shoe if you can.
As long as you’re drinking responsibly, there’s nothing like feeling that ComplexCon weekend energy while sipping a cocktail and perusing the latest drops from the biggest names in fashion, music, and culture. As the Official Tequila Sponsor of ComplexCon 2024, Espolòn is here to elevate the experience. Espolòn will have a bar outside at Family Style, as well as a booth on the convention floor where attendees can find the tequila, grab merch and see custom sneakers made by Dexter the Creator and rapper Álvaro Díaz
Hellstar is as popular as it gets right now. The label that's known for its hard-to-get hoodies, tribal graphics, all-over prints, and baggy clothes is bringing a grip of apparel and accessories to a hidden nightclub-style booth at ComplexCon. But perhaps the highlight of the weekend will be the highly-anticipated Hellstar CAPSULE 11: NEW TESTAMENT collection, which features rhinestone-embellished jackets, hoodies, and shorts, as well as graphic tees and oversized cargo pants. Hellstar will also drop collaborative merch with Howlin’ Rays chicken joint at the Family Style Food Fest. Don’t expect these items to last long. Cop while you have the chance.
ComplexCon always leaves attendees wanting more. For those wanting to turn up late night on Saturday, Nov. 16, Adidas Originals will hold you down. The sneaker giant will host a concert at Drai's Nightclub featuring Gunna in an experience you won’t want to miss.
Adidas Originals will also be flooding ComplexCon with talent representing its Adizero Aruku shoe. That list of names is also still secret, but look out for major sneakerheads and even pro athletes to pull up to the biggest weekend in culture and sneakers.
A Bathing Ape is one of the undisputed titans of streetwear, and it’s still doing amazing things more than 30 years after its founding. At Complexcon, BAPE will set up shop in a logo-covered booth surrounding a custom-wrapped race car bearing the number 93, a reference to the year the company was founded. BAPE aficionados can visit to snap a photo with the car, cop BAPE T-shirts, and more.
At other conventions, free merch is hit or miss, but ComplexCon is built different. There, attendees can scoop free merch designed by the best in the biz. That’s definitely true at the Chase Freedom x Awake NY booth. Convention goers will be able to pick up a custom tote designed by Angelo Baque. To make things better, when attendees use their Chase Freedom Credit Cards at the ComplexCon Shop, they’ll receive a free gift in addition to the usual 5 percent cash back in bonus categories. To round out the ComplexCon weekend, Chase will also host a conversation between Baque and Noah Callahan-Bever of Idea Generation, where they’ll discuss style and innovation, providing insight and value for attendees.
Multi-talented artist and designer Jae Tips has been killing it with his recent Saucony collaborations. The Bronx native will bring two ultra-limited colorways of Jae Tips x Saucony Matrix sneakers to ComplexCon, releasing them from a multi-colored booth adorned with his signature pop art flowers. These will go fast, so make sure you get there soon.
Jameson Black Barrel is the Official Whiskey of ComplexCon. True to that title, the label will fully be bringing it at the Las Vegas event. Its outdoor trailer bar at the Family Style Festival is slated to feature drinks, whiskey education, and a line of custom, limited merch, including overshirts, tees, and totes. Even better, Jameson Black Barrel will host an exclusive Sunday night after party at Zouk Nightclub.
“World changing” is an overused term, but it applies to Salehe Bembury and what he’s done in the footwear game. While his accomplishments are many, there’s just something about his ongoing Crocs collaboration that embodies his unique perspective, combining playful verve with emotional depth. Pull up to ComplexCon this weekend to see what he has in store. Word is this collab will make you glow.
Hot on the heels of sponsoring the Complex Pro-Am at the Wynn Golf Club on Thursday, Nov. 14, Lexus will be right back at it, popping up at ComplexCon. The Lexus booth will offer a curated selection of Malbon Golf apparel, along with three giveaways each day.
This might just be one of the coolest booths at the convention, and for good reason. If you’re a fan of ComplexCon’s artistic director Travis Scott and his production style, Native Instruments is giving you the chance to replicate his vibe or create your own. The music production powerhouse will feature a fully equipped booth with their MASCHINE device, allowing you to sample, produce beats, melodies, and much more. Any producer or creative looking to explore the art of music-making won’t want to miss this booth.
Chips Ahoy! has big news this fall. In October, the cookie maker announced the release of its new Chips Ahoy! Big Chewy Cookie in three flavors, including Chocolate Chip, Chocolatey Brownie, and Chocolatey Caramel. To celebrate, Chips Ahoy! will be on-site at ComplexCon with a custom merch capsule including certain special items designed in collaboration with Big Sean Don Life. Come through to sample a Chips Ahoy! Big Chewy Cookie for yourself and look for something to wear home.
Seoul label Thug Club offers a distinctive take on streetwear, injecting its designs with equal doses of biker-style grit and elevated luxury. At ComplexCon, expect a minimalist booth displaying its signature leather jackets, bombers, baggy denim, and graphic hoodies.
At ComplexCon, Rockstar Energy Drink will be offering attendees a chance to win elite prizes by competing in Pop Culture Trivia games. There will be six games each day in categories like sneakers, fashion and streetwear, collectables and art, music, and sports and gaming, where winners can go home with items including: Jordan 1 Retro Low OG SP “Fragment x Travis Scott” sneakers, Apple AirPods Max, an Xbox Series X 2TB Disc Drive in galaxy black, or KAWS x Supreme skateboards. If you know your stuff, stop by the booth for a chance to win big.
Pleasures casts a wide net when it comes to collaborators, but always seems to catch something good. At ComplexCon, expect the streetwear brand to build on that history. This weekend, Pleasures will drop a limited collection of embroidered, creeper-style Clarks, as well as an racing green colorway of its Pleasures x Mad Frenzy Spiked Shoes.
New Era can trace its history back more than 100 years. With that kind of legacy, now’s the perfect time for the company to try something, well, new. Enter Brand New Era, a label designed by Dao-Yi Chow, the recently anointed creative director and vice president of the label. Brand New Era is the company’s first foray into apparel, offering jerseys, outerwear, workwear, trousers, and of course, caps.
On Sunday, Nov. 17, Westside Gunn will come through the Brand New Era booth to drop a collab between Brand New Era and his Fourth Rope Brand, which will include exclusive 5950 hat styles, hoodies, and T-shirts. Attendees will also have a chance to grab an exclusive collaboration fitted hat designed by Spike Lee, and create their own with the Rit Dye x MLB x Brand New Era customization kit.
The booths at ComplexCon are creative triumphs unto themselves. That’s certainly the case with the Interscope Capitol Records booth, which will be record-shaped, with design motifs that recall the iconic Capitol Records Building in Hollywood. Hit the booth to take in the architectural design, then cop some music via physical media.
Oakley eyewear has been everywhere lately, and come this weekend it will be at ComplexCon. The sunglasses maker and purveyor of techy sneakers will host a booth packed with archival pieces and releases of some of its most unique eyewear from the past, including the MUZM Mars x Metal Leather, Over the Top, and X Metal Romeo & Juliet. Definitely roll by to see what they have in person.
ComplexCon will host a true talent as Jeff Hamilton brings his beloved luxury leather jackets to the convention floor. Over the past couple decades, the legendary designer has been part of major cultural moments across sports, music, television, and more—and a few of these highlights will be on display throughout his booth. Step in to experience history and cop an authentic Jeff Hamilton piece.
The early reactions to Gladiator II have been epic. Word is Denzel Washington delivers a powerful performance and Ridley Scott does his thing yet again, resulting in an exciting, action epic underscored by a sophisticated story. Plus, the helmets, weapons, and armor in the film just look sick. At ComplexCon, you can see for yourself, with a Gladiator II screening that will include a custom T-shirt, collectable gold coin, and exclusive popcorn bucket. Keep an eye out for a Gladiator II ComplexCon screening signup link coming soon from Complex.
Takashi Murakami's Ohana Full-Bloom slides are a global phenomenon. He famously dropped his Ohana Full-Bloom collaboration with BLACKPINK on Complex Shop earlier this year. Now he’s back with Ohana Full-Bloom sandals in Lapis Blue and Aquarius at ComplexCon. Swing by the Takashi Murakami Ohana Full-Bloom booth to grab a pair of slides and take in its pop-art-meets-Japanese-minimalism design.
Chase Payment Solutions won’t have a booth at ComplexCon, but it will be everywhere, so to speak. That’s because it’s hooking up your favorite ComplexCon brands with Chase Payment Solutions Packs, featuring Chase Card Readers and Card Reader Bases With Built-In Charging Stations, which will make purchases and checkouts seamless and easy. A win-win for brands and attendees alike.
Artistry will be front and center at ComplexCon as “Uzumaki” Cepeda of Uzumaki Gallery presents an exclusive installation on the convention floor. The first-generation American artist of Dominican heritage is known for her dreamlike, vibrant work, which you can witness at this booth firsthand. Cepeda will be creating a retro-inspired living room using faux fur elements, inviting attendees to get lost in the beauty and nostalgia of her unique vision.
Right after ComplexCon concludes, the holiday season kicks off. Get in the spirit by visiting the Red One booth on the convention floor. It will feature a toy drive, along with a retro holiday portrait experience decked out with Red One props, and even a hidden portal to a North Pole toy store in the booth’s back room. The holidays have never been quite this hype.
The WWE experience is unlike any other. Before it brings the promotion’s larger-than-life production to Vegas for WrestleMania 41 next year, it will be touching down at ComplexCon. Get a chance to recreate an entrance from your favorite WWE superstars through a major LED stage similar to the ones that grace our screens every Monday and Friday on RAW and Smackdown. Attendees will also get to meet Undisputed Champion Cody Rhodes, Women’s World Champion Liv Morgan, Bianca Belair, Montez Ford, Rey Mysterio, Jey Uso, and CM Punk.
Fanatics
TAKASHI MURAKAMI + DODGERS SHIRT BLUE
Fanatics
TAKASHI MURAKAMI + DODGERS SHIRT WHITE
Fanatics
TAKASHI MURAKAMI + DODGERS SHIRT BLACK
Takashi Murakami
Takashi Murakami + MLB World Tour Tokyo Series 2025 Surippa Ohana Cubs
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.