The performance will come one day after he releases his sixth studio album, Hurry Up Tomorrow.

													By
												

	Heran Mamo


The Weeknd announced Wednesday (Nov. 27) that he will perform a one-night-only show at the Rose Bowl in Pasadena, Calif., on Jan. 25, to celebrate the release of his sixth studio album, Hurry Up Tomorrow, which he announced earlier will drop the day before the show via XO and Republic Records.

	According to the press release, the concert will feature never-before-seen production, and the stage will take over the entire floor of the stadium. 

	The Canadian-Ethiopian superstar (real name Abel Tesfaye) has been performing songs from Hurry Up Tomorrow at different stadium shows around the world this fall. He debuted the first three singles — “Dancing in the Flames,” “Timeless” with Playboi Carti and “São Paulo,” featuring Anitta — and more during his one-night-only show at the Estádio MorumBIS in São Paulo, Brazil, in September before he took the stage at Las Vegas’ T-Mobile Arena for the 2024 iHeartRadio Music Festival. In October, he performed at Melbourne’s Marvel Stadium and Sydney’s Accor Stadium in Australia.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	Tickets for his Rose Bowl stadium show will be available starting Monday, Dec. 2, at 10 a.m. PT on his website. A select number of premium tickets will be available exclusively for purchase by Cash App Visa Card customers via an exclusive ticket offering presented by Cash App. Starting Monday, Dec. 2, at 10 a.m. PT, Cash App Visa Card customers can unlock access to the exclusive premium tickets by using the first nine digits of their Cash App Visa Card to access the exclusive ticket sale and completing the purchase using their Cash App Visa Card. Cash App Visa Card customers will also receive an instant 20% discount on all official merch purchased onsite with their Cash App Visa Card.

Vibee, the music-led destination experience company, is the exclusive VIP Experience & Hotel Package partner for The Weeknd’s Rose Bowl concert. Packages include premium concert seats with the option of a two-night stay at a range of L.A. hotels. Vibee guests will also receive preferred access to the Lounge Experience and merch collections ahead of the concert. VIP packages offer priority entry to the Rose Bowl and Lounge Experience, exclusive L.A. nightlife access, ground transportation to and from the venue, a commemorative gift kit and more. Vibee’s hotel packages are currently available to purchase on Vibee’s website and The Weeknd’s website. VIP concert packages will also be available starting Monday, Dec. 2, at 10 a.m. PT as part of the general onsale.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.