ComplexCon will take place in Las Vegas for the first time on the weekend of November 16, and there’s plenty of reasons to be excited about the two-day experience. Travis Scott will serve as the artistic director and has worked with his Cactus Jack collective to create CactusCon, a special area of the convention floor featuring a curated assortment of brands, exclusive merch, and more. There will also be headlining music sets from Playboi Carti and Opium on the first night, and Travis on Sunday night to close out the jam-packed weekend.
Another highlight of the festivities will be this year’s Brands to Watch section. Entering its fifth year, the program is our way of spotlighting emerging brands making waves in the industry, or those who we believe are about to. Past installments highlighted brands such as Basketcase, Curves by Sean Brown, Juliet Johnstone, and many more.
This year’s crop of talent consists of four labels from around the world: Anthony Calydon, Ciriaco, Jackson Napier, and San San Gear.
Anthony Calydon hails from Paris and has developed a cult following with his sweatsuits featuring ribbed knit details inspired by his love for superheroes. Ciriaco was born in the Bronx and designs colorful handbags like the crescent moon-shaped Ashley that are poised to be the next it-bags. Jackson Napier is a Chicago-based designer whose fresh takes on hoodies and cargo pants perfectly blend streetwear with functionality. Lastly, San San Gear will be bringing its maximalist, techwear-influenced pieces all the way from Seoul. Each brand will have its own booth in the designated Brands to Watch section to sell some of its most popular items, as well as exclusive designs only available at ComplexCon.
Take a glimpse at each brand below. And if you still haven’t, secure your ComplexCon tickets, including both VIP and general admission options, here.
Fanatics
TAKASHI MURAKAMI + DODGERS SHIRT BLUE
Fanatics
TAKASHI MURAKAMI + DODGERS SHIRT WHITE
Fanatics
TAKASHI MURAKAMI + DODGERS SHIRT BLACK
Takashi Murakami
Takashi Murakami + MLB World Tour Tokyo Series 2025 Surippa Ohana Cubs
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.