By MARY MRAD FOR DAILY MAIL AUSTRALIA 
 Published:  03:26, 11 February 2024   |  Updated:  14:02, 11 February 2024   
 11
View  comments
Iggy Azalea didn't hold back as she made a savage dig at her ex-boyfriend Playboi Carti on Saturday.
The Fancy hitmaker, 33, took to Instagram to share a racy video of herself wearing lingerie while posing in a bathroom.
One person reacted to the post by joking that Carti, real name Jordan Carter, was recently pictured in a similar outfit.
'Yo BD [baby daddy] out here in the same outfit,' the follower commented.
'Well, who wore it better?' Iggy responded.
Iggy Azalea, 33, (pictured) made an outrageous swipe at estranged baby daddy Playboi Carti after blasting his parenting skills
It comes after Iggy recently took to X to reveal what she really thought of Carti's parenting style towards their three-year-old son Onyx.
A fan posted a video montage capturing the American rapper spending time with his son to show what a good dad he was.
However, Iggy was having none of it and didn't mince words when revealing what she thought of the clip.
'It's cool how you can fit damn near every visit into just one video. Talented!' she shot back.
The Fancy hitmaker took to Instagram to share a racy video of herself wearing lingerie while posing in a bathroom
Many of Iggy's fans were quick to jump to her support and said the video did not reveal the full story of Carti's parenting skills. 
'I think that video shows five occasions. How old is Onyx now?' one follower wrote, while a second person added: 'Three years of visits in one vid.' 
'He barely sees his son.' a third person chipped in. 
In 2022, Iggy - real name Amethyst Kelly - revealed that she's 'not even remotely on good terms' with her rap star ex-boyfriend.
The blonde bombshell clapped back at claims that the rapper in XXL Magazine that he 'took care of her and their son Onyx'.
One person reacted to the post by joking that Carti, real name Jordan Carter, was recently pictured in a similar outfit. It was likely in reference to this paparazzi photo which was allegedly taken of Carti 
'Yo BD out here in the same outfit,' the follower commented. 'Well, who wore it better?' Iggy responded
The blonde beauty also said that they have no 'direct contact' because he treats her like 's**t' in an array of now-deleted tweets.
Iggy wrote on social media at the time: 'Take care of me? Lmaooooo let's not get carried away now. I laughed. A lot.'
She added, 'You've been mislead. I don't f**k with a man I'm not even remotely on good terms with claiming he pays my bills. I pay my bills.
'Secondly, saying nice things for an interview sounds great but in real life he talks to me like s*** so badly I had to stop all direct contact.'
Iggy split from Carti in October 2020 after two years of dating, four months after their son Onyx was born.
It comes after Iggy recently took to X to reveal what she really thought of her Carti's parenting style towards their three-year-old son Onyx

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group