Source: Courtesy / AEG Presents
Tyler, The Creator continued his huge week with another gigantic announcement. Continue reading to find out exactly what it is.
The two-time Grammy award-winner has announced a 2025 world tour in support of his forthcoming album CHROMAKOPA, which is set for release this coming Monday, October 28th. Promoted by AEG Presents, CHROMAKOPIA: THE WORLD TOUR will feature special guests Lil Yachty and Paris Texas and spans North America, Europe, the United Kingdom, Australia and New Zealand over the course of 2025. Tickets go on sale on Friday, November 1st at 10AM local time in each market at HTTP://CHROMAKOPIA.COM.
The tour’s announcement comes on the heels of Tyler sharing “Noid,” the first full single and music video from CHROMAKOPIA featuring Ayo Edibiri. Check it out below!
American Express is providing Card Members access to Amex Presale Tickets for shows in North America, Australia, New Zealand, UK and select European markets, available for purchase HERE before the general public on-sale beginning Tuesday, October 29, while supplies last. This is one of the many entertainment benefits American Express Card Members can access across the arts, theater, sports and music through Amex Experiences. American Express Card Members will also have access to purchase exclusive merch at select venues across the tour.
Tyler shared the news of the world tour with yet another fire teaser video. The Instagram post also includes the tour’s full itinerary.
While the tour doesn’t start until next year, fans won’t have to wait that long to see the Los Angeles native. The rapper’s beloved festival, Camp Flog Gnaw Carnival, is back next month! This year, Tyler will be joined by Playboi Carti, Erykah Badu, André 3000, Earl Sweatshirt, Faye Webster, Blood Orange, Sampha, Sexyy Red, Denzel Curry, Yves Tumor, Doechii, and more.
It’s officially Tyler, the Creator season!

Related Tags


									Let's Get It: Jeezy Announces The 'TM:101 Live' Tour, A Black Tie Symphonic Experience								

									A Soul-Infused Celebration: Charlie Wilson, Babyface, K-Ci Hailey & El DeBarge Join Forces For The 'Uncle Charlie's R&B Cookout' Tour								

									Tina Knowles Reveals Beyoncé Chose Between Jay-Z & Another Man								

									Samira Wiley Won’t Return For 'The Handmaid’s Tale' Sequel								

									Malia & Sasha Obama Step Out In Style For Destin Conrad’s Listening								

									Blue Ivy & Rumi Steal The Show At The Cowboy Carter Tour Opening Night								

									Serving Family, Faith & Fashion: Keke Palmer & Kandi Burruss Amongst Celebrities Who Celebrated Easter This Year [Gallery]								

									Beyonce nude pictures naked video sextape								

						This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and
						Terms of Service apply.
						

					We care about your data. See our privacy policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.