Today's Digital Daily	
			



	
			Today's Digital Daily	
			

The singer received two nominations for Wednesday's music industry awards show.
Senior Digital News Writer

Camila Cabello embraced a bevy of ornate detailing in her strapless dress for the 2024 MTV VMAs red carpet in New York City on Wednesday. The “I Luv It” singer paired a black veil with intricate lace details to her dress for the music industry awards show.

	Cabello opted for a look courtesy of Tony Ward’s fall 2024 couture collection. The strapless dress included a fitted silhouette for a defined waist and slim skirt. All over the dress were intricate beads and patterning that gave the gown an illusion effect atop nude fabric.

	Along with the dress, Cabello wore a black veil with lace detailing on the trim that cascaded past her arms. The L’Oréal Paris spokesperson accessorized her look with layers of necklaces, which featured a cross motif. Although Cabello spent the summer rocking blond tresses, her hair was a raven black hue. 

	










			You May Also Like		






	Cabello’s look was curated by stylist Katie Qian, who also worked with singer Tyla on her viral 2024 Met Gala look.

	Lebanese-Italian fashion designer Ward’s pieces have been worn by other A-list stars over the course of the past year. Janelle Monáe styled one of the designer’s looks for the NFL Honors in Las Vegas last February.

	Monáe wore a mirrored minidress from the designer, which made its runway debut as part of Ward’s spring 2024 couture collection. 

	Cabello is nominated for two 2024 MTV VMAs. The singer received nominations for Best Trending Video for her song “I Luv It” featuring Playboi Carti and she’s nominated for Best Pop artist. 

	The MTV VMAs recognize the year’s best music videos, artists and songs. Megan Thee Stallion makes her hosting debut during the 2024 ceremony, held at the UBS Stadium in Elmont, New York on Sept. 11. Katy Perry will receive the honorary Video Vanguard Award, while performers include Sabrina Carpenter, Lenny Kravitz, Eminem and Karol G.
Sign up for WWD news straight to your inbox every day
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
WWD and Women's Wear Daily are part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All Rights Reserved.