September 10, 2024
Entertainment, Spotlight, Top Headlines, Topstory, VSU Spectator
Leave a comment
1,847 Views 
On Thursday, Sept. 5 the rap music community lost artist, Dequantes Devontay Lamar, who was known professionally by his stage name, Rich Homie Quan.  
Lamars’ death has saddened and astounded the rap and hip-hop music community as he was only 34 years old. The circumstances of his death are still being investigated, and the exact cause of death will not be determined until further tests are concluded.
The artist who was an Atlanta, Georgia native, began his music career in 2011 and made his debut in 2013 with his hit single “Type of Way.” Lamars’ single made its way to the Billboard Hot 100 list which led to continuous hits shortly after the success of his first single. 
Lamar established his footing in the trap music subgenre.  Many artists paved the way for artists such as Lamar to carry the torch and bring a modern flair to trap music. Artists such as Gucci Mane, T.I., and Jeezy are well-known pioneers in the trap music culture. 
Although his music was popular in the 2010s, he has not been given the homage and recognition for his contributions to the modern sound of trap music beyond the Southern region that he so rightfully deserves.  
Young Thug, Migos, and Future are all respectfully named artists who come to mind when many think of trailblazers in the modern trap music culture. However, Rich Homie Quan bestowed his own unique flair in which he was a melodic dynamo and yet his name is not mentioned as commonly. 
Over the years, the rapper collaborated with many talented big-name artists including Gucci Mane, YG, Jeezy, Migos, Meek Mill, Travis Scott, Nicki Minaj, and Lil Wayne. 
Lamar also produced music through the rap collective known as Rich Gang, in which artists Young Thug and Birdman were jointly apart of alongside Lamar.
Many artists have paid tribute to Rich Home Quan on social media platforms following his sudden death. Artists such as Lil Boosie, Playboi Carti, and Quavo have shared posts honoring the rapper.  
Rich Homie Quan has inspired many young artists to follow their dreams and to do it in a way that honors and celebrates where they come from through their work. 
Not only the South, but Atlanta has produced many talented individuals who have made history and are forever known as legends in their home state and beyond. Rich Homie Quan is one of them.  
Nonetheless, Rich Homie Quan was an Atlanta icon, legend and modern trap music trailblazer who will always be remembered and honored in his community as well as in the rap and hip-hop music culture. 
Written by Kennedy Hill, Entertainment Editor. Photo courtesy of People Magazine.
Tags #VSUSpectator Kennedy Hill Spectator VSU
April 30, 2025
April 30, 2025
April 30, 2025
Story and photo by Jenna Arnold, Editor-in-Chief. The recycling committee announced a return for the ...
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
 Notify me of follow-up comments by email.
 Notify me of new posts by email.
Δ