The song will be featured on Cabello's upcoming album 'C,XOXO.'

													By
												

	Rania Aniftos


	Camila Cabello is continuing the rollout for her upcoming album, C,XOXO, and the superstar took to Instagram on Wednesday (May 8) to announce a new collaboration with Lil Nas X titled “He Knows.”






	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Camila Cabello		
					






















	
		
					Lil Nas X		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	“SHE’S A PROVOCATEUR, DANCEFLOOR CONNOISSEUR,” she captioned a close-up photo that was seemingly taken at the Met Gala earlier in the week, in which Lil Nas X is seen embracing Cabello with a perfectly manicured hand complete with acrylic nails and sparkling jewels. In the caption, Cabello noted that “He Knows” will be arriving on Friday (May 10).

	












	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	







	See the announcement post here.


			Trending on Billboard		






	On Monday (May 6), the pop star took to social media to announce her fourth solo album, C,XOXO, alongside the cover art which features a shot of the “Havana” singer with her recently dyed blonde hair, licking a blue lollipop and looking into the camera. In the caption, she reveals that the project arrives on June 28. See the post here.

	The former Fifth Harmony member’s new project will be the follow-up to her April 2022 LP Familia, which reached No. 10 on the Billboard 200 upon its release. The record featured singles “Don’t Go Yet” and “Bam Bam” with Ed Sheeran, which peaked at Nos. 42 and No. 21 on the Billboard Hot 100, respectively.

	Earlier this year, Cabello introduced her new album era with the Playboi Carti-assisted “I Luv It,” which samples Gucci Mane’s “Lemonade” and finds her interpolating Rihanna.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.