AMARILLO'S #1 HIT MUSIC STATION
UPDATE (June 17):
Bridgeview Police Chief Rick Mancha informed local Chicago news outlet Patch that there was no riot at Lyrical Lemonade's Summer Smash Festival on Sunday (June 16). The festival attendees were instead evacuating the stage outside the stadium following an intense thunderstorm around 5 p.m. that day.
“We sought assistance from outside agencies,” the police chief said in a statement after receiving 911 calls from businesses near Summer Smash. “However, we soon discovered that the crowds were just kids getting out of the rain. We released the assist units as they were not needed.”
Chief Mancha said a fight involving a water bottle was the cause. "A plastic water bottle fight broke out," he added. "Much like a water balloon fight."
A local Neighborhood Watch and Information Facebook group had a festival goer post that there were only a handful of people causing issues at Summer Smash.
Original Story (June 17):
Attendees at Lyrical Lemonade's Summer Smash festival in Chicago reportedly caused a riot after the festival was briefly evacuated due to weather over the weekend.
On Sunday (June 16), festival attendees at The Summer Smash, put on by music video director Cole Bennett of Lyrical Lemonade, were briefly evacuated due to weather conditions. However, the event continued as scheduled following the delay. During the evacuation, it was reported that Bridgeview, Ill. police had to respond to a riot near the festival's Seat Geek Stadium venue at 7000 S Harlem Ave. The riot allegedly included around 4000 people, but appeared to be quelled after around 30 minutes, presumably when fans were allowed to return to the festival.
Videos from the festival shared on TikTok show frustrated fans dismantling barricades as they were being asked to leave, while other videos showed trash cans and barricades being thrown at concertgoers.
XXL has reached out to the Bridgeview Police and Summer Smash for more information.
Thankfully, fans were able to return to the festival to catch Chief Keef's epic homecoming performance on Sunday evening. During Sosa's first performance in the Chicago area in over 10 years, he was finally able to run through his hits including "Faneto," "Love Sosa" and "Don't Like."
The last time Chief Keef performed in Chicago was in 2012 at Lollapalooza. Since then, Keef was ultimately blacklisted from performing in the city after then-Mayor Rahm Emanuel called Keef an "unacceptable role model" whose music "promotes violence."
The three-day Summer Smash festival also included performances from Travis Scott, Playboi Carti, Kodak Black, Lil Yachty, Wacka Flocka Flame, Big Sean and many others.
See videos of Summer Smash's alleged riot below.