Home » Artist Interviews
Skaiwater is an artist like no other.
The young star has been co-signed by some of the biggest names in music like Lil Nas X, PinkPantheress and Anycia.
They can be feminine-presenting, sporting long bedazzled nails, a crop top and dance moves with their hands on their hips like Lil Uzi Vert, but they have consistently said they like women. Despite the appearance, the music falls under the hyperpop category, which is essentially video-game like sounds associated with pop music mixed in with the hard 808s of hip-hop. The rapping on hyperpop are usually autotune-filled melodic rhyming in the cadence of hip-hop.
At first glance, especially after wearing an Atlanta Braves hat in the music video for “rain” the Playboi Carti-influenced artist looks and sounds like they’re from Atlanta, but they’re actually from the United Kingdom.
Before their performance in Atlanta on May 25, Skaiwater spoke to rolling out about their career and who they are.
What do artists like Playboi Carti and Lil Uzi Vert mean for artists like yourself, Bear1Boss and Teezo Touchdown?
I feel like it’s the natural evolution of music going forward.
I think it was very important for them to take it to a mainstream level where people get booked at festivals. S– like that. I think we’re in a space where I don’t think rap could’ve ever been in, or at least as big as [hyperpop] is right now within rap.
When did you come to the realization you wanted to go by they/them?
Probably like two years ago, but I think it was always just a question.
I think once I was able to leave home and meet different types of people, I got educated on different things. I mean, I was given explanation on how it should be. I was given an an explanation on a “label.”
After leaving home, I have way more than education on pronouns, terms and s— like that.
Do you use an American accent in your music?
I think it depends on the song, to be honest.
Yeah, I think it depends on the song.
You got Karrahbooo in her R&B bag in one of your latest singles. That’s a pocket we’ve never heard her in before, what was the song-making process like?
Making the first part of it was way back. It was like the last summer time.
I was more in like R&B vibe type s—. But once Karrahbooo got it, it kind of gave a bigger picture. It made more sense because I put it out like a month after she sent it.
What was one co-sign you were surprised by?
RiFF RAFF.
RiFF RAFF? That’s insane. He’s a legend.
I was like, “What the f—, n—-?”
What makes “rain” such a great song?
That was really one of the last songs I made before I was finishing my project.
I actually wasn’t going to put it out. It was really just a song I had in my phone. Every time I played it, people f—ed with it. The last time I got that reaction was with “#miles,” so I was like, “Let me put this out.”