The dates include a slot at London’s Tottenham Hotspur Stadium
Travis Scott has announced details of a new UK and European tour. Find ticket details below.
Titled the ‘Utopia: Circus Maximus tour’, the new run of tour dates see the rapper head across the pond to celebrate the release of his record-breaking album ‘Utopia’, and arrives on the heels of his sold-out run of shows across North America.
Set to take place across this summer, the dates kick off with an opening night at the GelreDome venue in Arnhem on June 28, before continuing throughout July with stops in Krakow (2), Zurich (4), Nice (6) and Antwerk (9).
From there, two UK shows are lined-up – one of which is set at Tottenham Hotspur Stadium, and will mark his largest UK headline show to date. The London show is scheduled for July 11, and will be followed by a stop at the new Co-Op Live arena in Manchester two nights later (July 23).
The shows wrap up with five more shows across Europe, including stops in Prague, Cologne, Milan and Hamburg. The last show of the tour will take place at Deutsche Bank Park in Frankfurt on July 27.
Tickets will go on sale Friday (May 10) at 10am local time. Visit here to buy tickets and check out a full list of dates below.
Travis Scott performs at the Mercedes-Benz all new G-Class Los Angeles star-studded world premiere held at Franklin Canyon Park on April 23, 2024 in Beverly Hills, California. (Photo by Gilbert Flores/WWD via Getty Images)
JUNE
28 – Netherlands, Arnhem @ GelreDome
JULY
2 – Poland, Krakow @ TAURON Arena
4 – Switzerland, Zurich @ Hallenstadion
6 –France, Nice @ Allianz Riviera
9 – Belgium, Antwerp @ Sportpaleis
11 – UK, London @ Tottenham Hotspur Stadium
13 – UK, Manchester  @ Co-op Live
16 –Germany, Hamburg @ Barclays Arena
18 – Czech Republic, Prague @ O2 Arena
20 – Germany, Cologne @ RheinEnergieSTADION
23 – Italy, Milan @ Ippodromo SNAI La Maura
27 – Germany, Frankfurt @ Deutsche Bank Park
‘Utopia’ arrived last year and soon became the biggest-selling hip-hop release of 2022 – spending four weeks at the top of the Billboard Top 200 and gathering over 50 billion streams globally. It was also named as the most streamed album in its first week in 2023 by Spotify, and Apple Music confirmed the biggest first-day streams of an album in 2023.
It was given a three-star review by NME, who described it as having a “lofty concept”, but “shaky execution”.
“By going back to the sound of his early work, Scott steps back into the gargantuan shadow of his mentor, Kanye West,” it read. “Whereas ‘Astroworld’ was the perfect theme for Scott’s music – we’re going to a theme park! – in trying to navigate a lofty concept like finding utopia, his ambitions have led him back to someone who was far more formidable at it.”
In more recent news, at the start of the year the rapper joined forces with Playboi Carti at the 2024 Grammys, coming together to deliver a destructive performance of ‘Fein’.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.