The sequel was originally supposed to arrive on March 8.

													By
												

	Michael Saponara


	Ye — formerly known as Kanye West — has confirmed a new tentative release date for Vultures 2, the sequel to his and Ty Dolla $ign’s collaborative album. 

	Ye has been one to change his mind with the wind when it comes to release dates, but West revealed on Justin LaBoy’s The Download podcast that Vultures 2 is slated to arrive on May 3. It had originally been slated for March 8.





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	





		Explore	

















	
		
					Kanye West		
					


See latest videos, charts and news



See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	“It’s coming out May 3, yeah,” Ye declared. May 3 has long been the rumored release date even going back to March when West’s DMs were accidentally leaked with a Baby Keem fan page while Ye thought he was messaging the real artist Baby Keem. 

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	West will face stiff competition to earn another No. 1 album this time around on the Billboard 200. Dua Lipa’s Radical Optimism is scheduled to land on May 3, and Taylor Swift’s The Tortured Poets Department most likely isn’t going anywhere either. 

	Ye and Ty Dolla independently released Vultures 1 on Feb. 10 via YZY, which debuted atop the Billboard 200 with 148,000 album-equivalent units sold in the first week. 

	With the No. 1, Ye earned his 11th leader and Ty solidified his first. The project — Ye’s first since his string of antisemitic remarks and controversies — also spawned the No. 1 Hot 100 hit “Carnival” featuring Rich the Kid and Playboi Carti. 

	Yeezy had been laying low on the music front in recent weeks, but returned with a splash while hopping on an unofficial remix to Future, Metro Boomin and Kendrick Lamar’s “Like That.” The explosive remix — which finds Ye taking shots and J. Cole and Drake — isn’t on streaming services, but was re-uploaded to Ye’s YouTube page on Wednesday (April 24). 

	Elsewhere in his chat with LaBoy, West revealed that the “elimination” of Drake inspired him to hop on the remix. “[Future] called me and I went to the studio and laid that. We went through the creative process of adding the chords and called the Hooligans out in London to get on the joint,” he explained. “Everybody was very, very energized about the elimination of Drake.”

	Watch the LaBoy interview clip below. 
VULTURES 2 • MAY 3 pic.twitter.com/hmBndqgXbP
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.