Fans are convinced Drake is hinting at the next round of his beef with Kendrick Lamar. On Sunday, August 25, the "SOD" rapper uploaded more fresh content to his 100 Gigs website. While promoting the latest content dump on his finsta, Drizzy alluded to the number 2. In his Instagram Stories, he pointed out the newly added folders begin with "2.0," and he posted a video of his two OVO owl chains. In one now-deleted story, Drake posted a clip from former Detroit Pistons star Rasheed Wallace’s famed interview in which he declared his team would defeat the Indiana Pacers in game two of the 2004 Eastern Conference Finals.
“Y’all can put it on the front page, back page, middle page, wherever, headliners, column one or two — we will win game two,” Sheed accurately predicted. Fans think Drake used the aforementioned clip and his other posts to tease the next round of his rap battle with the pgLang co-founder. In addition to all his new content, the 37-year-old artist also added his three surprise songs "Circadian Rhythm," "SOD" and "No Face" featuring Playboi Carti to his "new" folder along with his previously released three-pack. On his new Carti collaboration, fans think Drake addressed the artists who turned on him during his beef with K.Dot like A$AP Rocky, Future and Metro Boomin. He also warned people about his plans to turn the tables on them. “Quick, swap that s**t out, and I came back reloaded," Drake raps. I’m just so happy that n***as who envied and held that shit in got to finally show it/I’m over the moon, yeah, we’ll see you boys soon/I’m spreadin’ my wings, I hop out cocoon/I’m studio trappin’, I’m locked in the room, what?”Drake fired his warning shots a few months after Kendrick Lamar garnered plenty of success with his hit "Not Like Us." The Compton rapper has been out of the public eye since he took his victory lap at "The Pop Out" concert and dropped the diss track's music video in June. While there's no word on K.Dot's next move, it's clear that Drake is charged up and scheming once again.