Could I Am Music be around the corner?

													By
												

	Michael Saponara


	Instead of being on the receiving end, Playboi Carti is giving out a gift for all of his fans on his 29th birthday. Carti unleashed his first song to hit streaming services since 2020 with the blood-stained “All Red” on Friday (Sept. 13). 






	
	
		
					Explore		
	





		Explore	

















	
		
					Playboi Carti		
					


See latest videos, charts and news



See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	Carti surprised fans when rumors began circulating about a single potentially arriving. Shortly after being posted to YouTube, “All Red” indeed made its way onto DSPs. 





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Mase Wants Fans to Vote If He Should Attend Diddy's Trial		
	



	05/02/2025	







	“THIS 1 FOR YAL, I CANT LIE,” Carti wrote on his Opium label’s Instagram page. 

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	The Atlanta rapper reconnects with frequent collaborator F1lthy, who provides the chaotic production. “Upside-down cross tat’ on my neck, shut ’em up, uh/ The Bentley is parked outside, my vibe tryna go for a ride/ I put VETEMENTS right on her thighs, I put the mask on ’cause I be fried,” he raps. 

	Carti is no stranger to mixing up his vocals and he dropped the pitch of his voice once again here. Some compared his flow on “All Red” to sounding similar to Future. “Playboi Carti was definitely inspired by Future on “ALL RED” crazy how much influence Future has on all these rappers,” one fan wrote. 

Another said: “All jokes aside that new Carti sound like future.”

	There are finally some signals of Playboi Carti’s much-delayed I Am Music album being on the horizon. He posted various vinyl covers for the project to his Instagram and directed fans to his website.

	Carti’s webstore is selling digital albums along with merchandise bundles, but there’s no release date and it’s only promised to arrive before October 2025. 

	PBC t-shirt bundles are available for $50 while pre-orders for the I Am Music hat and hoodie bundles are on sale for $65 and $100 plus fees, respectively. 

	“All Red” is Carti’s first streaming release since 2020’s Whole Lotta Red. Although he’s released a handle of singles to his YouTube page in the last year such as “Backr00ms” with Travis Scott, “2024,” “Evil J0rdan,” “Ketamine,” “H00dbyair” and “Different Day.”

	Playboi Carti was honored at Billboard‘s 2024 R&B/Hip-Hop Power Players event in NYC last week with the artist of the year award. 

	He made a rare public appearance to accept the accolade. “I wanna thank my momma, I wanna thank God,” he began his speech. “Thank you Billboard — this my first award. Very happy to be here. R.I.P. Rich Homie Quan. ATL in the building. Shout-out to the whole New York. I love y’all. Thank you.”

	










	Listen to “All Red” below. 
A post shared by @playboicarti
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.