By 

	Tomás Mier


	The second installation of Vultures is here. On Saturday morning, Kanye West and Ty Dolla $ign — under their supergroup alias ¥$ — stayed true to their word and released Vultures 2, filled with collaborations with Future, Lil Wayne, Young Thug, Kodak Black, Playboi Carti, Lil Baby, and more.

	The 16-song sequel also boasts guest appearances by Don Toliver, Desiigner, 070 Shake, CyHi, Lil Durk, and Kanye’s kids Chicago and North West, who stop by on the Vultures 2 track “Bomb.”

Rolling Stone previously revealed that the album could include a posthumous collaboration with Takeoff on a track titled “Let Me Chill Out.” It also features Rich the Kid and NBA Youngboy, and was teased to be a “highlight track” on the record. However, when the album arrived August 3 following a months-long delay, “Let Me Chill Out” was not on the track list.

	West confirmed in an interview with Justin LaBoy on The Download that the album would come out on May 3. It’s the second of three promised Vultures album by the two megastars, after  releasing Vultures 1 in February.

	










	West announced Vultures 2 in early March, sharing the cover art featuring a masked Ty Dolla $ign wearing a black leather jacket and an image of his brother Big TC, who is serving a life sentence for a murder he says he didn’t commit. (The duo was initially set to release on March 8.)





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Elon Musk: It Is ‘Outrageous’ to ‘Claim That I’m a Nazi’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Toby Keith's Horse Raced in the Kentucky Derby: How Did Render Judgment Do?		
	








	The first Vultures, which dropped Feb. 10, featured appearances from Quavo, Travis Scott, Chris Brown, Mike Tyson, Playboi Carti, and a posthumous verse from Nipsey Hussle. It also spawned the Hot 100 No. 1 “Carnival” alongside Carti and Rich the Kid. West led the album’s production, but featured production credits from Swizz Beatz, JPEGMafia, and DJ Camper, among others.

	“Vultures is a serviceable record. The production, in typical post-My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy fashion, is sparse,” read a Rolling Stone review of the first LP. “While it won’t be confused for a masterpiece, it shows that West is still good at being a producer. He puts Ty Dolla $ign in position to sound as bubbly as he’s been since the Obama era.”
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.