ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
INDIO, CALIFORNIA - APRIL 17: The Weeknd performs onstage at the Coachella Stage during the 2022 ... More Coachella Valley Music And Arts Festival on April 17, 2022 in Indio, California. The Weeknd and Anitta both hit a new high on Billboard's World Digital Song Sales chart with "São Paulo" which climbs from No. 5 to No. 2 this week. (Photo by Kevin Mazur/Getty Images for ABA)
The Weeknd is barreling toward the release of his new album Hurry Up Tomorrow, though the set still doesn’t have a release date. The superstar has thus far dropped three singles from the project, and he’s delivering them in rapid succession… which suggests that fans might not have to wait much longer before they get to hear—and watch—the film/full-length hybrid.
The most recent single from Hurry Up Tomorrow is "São Paulo," which arrived on October 30. The tune sees The Weeknd teaming up with Brazilian musician Anitta for an electronically-leaning cut that has new, special meaning for the Canadian powerhouse.
"São Paulo" debuts on four Billboard charts this week, and it launched on another three last time around. It rises on all of those tallies it hit just a short time ago, reaching new highs, and even managing to bring The Weeknd to a position he’s never seen before on one list.
The Weeknd soars to No. 2 on the World Digital Song Sales chart this week. "São Paulo" marks his first win on Billboard’s ranking of the bestselling “world” tracks throughout America. Every time the track improves its standing, the Grammy winner’s loftiest placement ever on the purchase-only roster becomes more impressive.
"São Paulo" debuted on the World Digital Song Sales ranking last period at No. 5. In its second turn on the tally, it climbs to the runner-up rung, kept back by just one slightly better-selling cut. Japanese hip-hop duo Creepy Nuts (yes, that’s their name) returns to the summit with “Otonoke,” which has now led the charge for three nonconsecutive weeks.
Anitta has reached the World Digital Song Sales chart before, but "São Paulo" still ranks as her biggest hit. In fact, the track is her only cut to make it to the top 10—and the ranking only features 10 spaces these days, after Billboard shortened it not long ago. Back when the tally included 25 slots, Anitta placed four other songs somewhere on the list.
"São Paulo" is the third official single taken from Hurry Up Tomorrow, following “Dancing in the Flames” and “Timeless” with Playboi Carti. Both of those tunes are still present on a number of Billboard charts this week, and they are on the rise on several of those lists, especially the radio rosters.