Posted in: NBC, Peacock, TV | Tagged: Chappell Roan, saturday night live, snl
With an interesting Instagram tease and being the musical guest, could we be getting new music from Chappell Roan on this weekend's SNL?
Normally, we don't start talking about the upcoming edition of NBC's Saturday Night Live until Wednesday. But with this being the milestone 50th season, don't expect a whole lot of things to be "normal." With this weekend marking the last new show until after the November 5th U.S. POTUS election, we have John Mulaney on tap to host, with music sensation Chappell Roan debuting as the musical guest. But Roan already has folks wondering what could be going down this week – and it may or may not have to do with SNL. In an Instagram post from a few days ago, Roan posted images of five Polaroids with one word on each image – reading "She Gets The Job Done." Before noting that what we were seeing in the images was their merch, Roan wrote this as the caption: "This is a clue. Just let that sink in." Could we be looking at a possible announcement that a new studio album is on the way, a follow-up to 2023's The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess? Could we see Roan debut a new track during SNL? Over the course of the year, fans have learned that the artist's new tracks will include some ballads, a mid-tempo rock track, and even a country song.
Don't forget that on Monday, November 4th, at 10 pm – NBC will be rolling out The 2024 SNL Election Special (also streaming on Peacock), looking back at the long-running sketch comedy and music series' long legacy of hard-hitting political humor. Now, here's a look at Roan's Instagram post dropping the clue that has fans throwing around all kinds of theories. Let's see if we get an answer before the weekend and maybe something new on SNL on Saturday night:
A post shared by ･ﾟ: *✧ Chappell Roan ✧*:･ﾟ (@chappellroan)
Back in May, the word went out regarding early plans to celebrate the milestone 50th season of Saturday Night Live. The network confirmed that there will be a "celebratory weekend" that wraps up on Sunday, February 16th (from 8-11 p.m. ET), with a live, primetime special. Now, thanks to an interview he had with The New York Times at the end of Season 49, we're learning some additional details on what's ahead – and Michaels's thoughts on those rumblings about his retiring after Season 50.
Along with the primetime special on February 16th, music producer Mark Ronson and Michaels will produce a "homecoming" of sorts at Radio City Music Hall on the Friday of that weekend. In addition, it was noted that musician and producer Questlove (The Roots) is co-producing a documentary for the anniversary season spotlighting the impact that SNL had had on music and culture, and Morgan Neville (Steve! (Martin): A Documentary in 2 Pieces, Won't You Be My Neighbor) is producing five documentaries focusing on both Michaels and the long-running late-night sketch comedy/music series. As for those rumblings that the 50th anniversary will also be his last hurrah, Michaels is basing that decision on how he's feeling and not committing to anything. "I'm going to do it as long as I feel I can do it," he shared. "But I rely on other people and always have."
Heading into Season 50, SNL said goodbye to Punkie Johnson, Molly Kearney, and Chloe Troast – and hello to new featured players Ashley Padilla, Emil Wakim, and Jane Wickline. In addition, Marcello Hernandez, Michael Longfellow, and Devon Walker were promoted to the main cast. The long-running late-night sketch comedy series is executive-produced by Lorne Michaels, with Liz Patrick directing and SNL alum Darrell Hammond announcing. Broadcasting from Studio 8H in Rockefeller Center, Saturday Night Live is produced by SNL Studios in association with Universal Television and Broadway Video.
Enjoyed this? Please share on social media!