Chappell Roan cancelled her shows at All Things Go Festival in NYC and Maryland this weekend. is shown here performing during the Bonnaroo Music & Arts Festival on June 16, 2024, in Manchester, Tennessee.Amy Harris/Invision/AP
Chappell Roan has quickly become one of the most in-demand musical acts in the world. That meteoric rise to fame has taken a toll on the 26-year-old’s mental health, and is part of the reason she dropped out of this weekend’s All Things Go festival in New York and Washington, D.C.
Roan announced she was dropping out on Friday, just a day before the weekend-long event kicked off at Forest Hills Stadium in Queens and Merriweather Post Pavilion in Columbia, Maryland. She was set to appear in New York on Saturday and Maryland on Sunday.
“I apologize to people who have been waiting to see me in NYC & DC this weekend at All Things Go, but I am unable to perform,” Roan wrote in an Instagram story. “Things have gotten overwhelming over the past few weeks and I am really feeling it. I feel pressures to prioritise a lot of things right now and I need a few days to prioritise my health. I want to be present when I perform and give the best shows possible. Thank you for understanding. Be back soon.”
We support you Chappell Roan pic.twitter.com/LmNgwY2MlP
All Things Go’s official Twitter account posted a supportive message announcing Roan’s departure from the event.
“We’re heartbroken to announce that Chappell Roan will no longer be performing at this year’s festivals. While we know how much you were looking forward to the performances, it’s important to remember that health and well-being always comes first,” the message read. “All Things Go strongly supports artists prioritizing their well-being and we ask our community to rally around Chappell Roan with love and understanding. Let’s continue to show the world that music fans support not just the art, but the artists themselves.”
This isn’t the first time Roan has addressed how her mental health has been affected by her rise to fame. At a Raleigh show in June, Roan began to cry and told the crowd “I think that my career is going really fast and it’s really hard to keep up.” In a recent interview with British music and culture magazine The Face, Roan said fame feels “just abusive” at times and that she would seriously consider leaving the industry.
Roan’s decision to not perform has been met with mixed reactions from fans. Many are supportive of Roan, who has been open about how fame has affected her mental health.
the way people are so committed to misunderstanding everything chappell roan has said and done over the last several weeks… im not shocked by her decision to pull out of All Things Go and i just hope she’s okay.
Others were less understanding, and were frustrated she would drop out of the festival so soon before it was set to kick off.
I don’t understand why everyone is babying Chappell Roan. She is a 26 year old woman, performing is her literal job. If you did that at a regular job you’d get a disciplinary because it’s UNPROFESSIONAL and inconsiderate of the fans
The cancellation follows Roan’s latest news-making social videos, where she confirmed she’s voting for Kamala Harris in the upcoming presidential election, despite having previously said she would not endorse either candidate. Her lack of endorsement also fueled backlash from her largely liberal fanbase.
Roan’s next scheduled performance is Tuesday in Franklin, Tennessee. Her next major festival appearance is Oct. 6 at Austin City Limits in Texas. She’s also booked to play “Saturday Night Live” for the first time Nov. 2.
• ‘No, I’m not voting for Trump,’ says pop star whose election comments sparked a firestorm
• World’s hottest pop star hints at leaving music industry over ‘dangerous’ side of fame
• Indie band ‘incredibly disappointed’ to cancel more tour dates because of singer’s vocal problems
Our journalism needs your support. Please subscribe today to NJ.com.
Jeremy Schneider may be reached at jschneider@njadvancemedia.com and followed on Twitter at @J_Schneider and on Instagram at @JeremyIsHungryAgain.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices