It’s finally here after an (impatient) wait, Spotify Wrapped has been released and this year’s listening habits have been exposed.
Whether you’re a top 0.1% listener of your favourite artist or somehow the Glee cast is still making your Wrapped, the annual tradition brings music lovers together.
Unsurprisingly, Taylor Swift dominated both Apple Replay and Spotify Wrapped once again to be crowned as the number one artist on both platforms.
While female pop artists have filled the top songs and albums, it turns out they’re also our favourites when it comes to nostalgia tracks.
Of all the songs released before 2004, Sophie Ellis-Bextor’s iconic Murder on the Dancefloor was the most streamed in 2024.
Saltburn may have put the track back in our collective conscious but the undeniably catchy tune took on a life of it’s own after the film’s release.
The 45-year-old singer said of her song: ‘Murder on the Dancefloor was a key change song for me. I still love singing it…[being] swept along with this new wave, it’s serendipity.’
It even climbed all the way back up the charts to number two earlier this year, matching it’s peak position on original release.
Thanks to the popularity of the song, Sophie’s entire discography saw a 241% boost as people rediscovered the hitmaker.
Following Sophie’s incredible year, Natasha Bedingfield’s Unwritten came in second with a 227% uplift in streams for her entire backcatalogue.
Fleetwood Mac’s Dreams and Everywhere took third and fourth place for the top nostalgia tracks — a well deserved position for an iconic group.
Coldplay rounded out the top five with Yellow — yes that song is over 20 years old — after their huge Glastonbury headliner slot earlier this year.
Throwback tracks Linger, Everybody Wants To Rule The World, Don’t Stop Believin’, and No Scrubs all got a huge number of streams this year.
Eminem rounded out the nostalgia top 10 but it wasn’t Real Slim Shady, Lose Yourself or even Rap God taking the crown; it was Without Me. 
As for modern artists, in 2024, we’ve been obsessed with female pop singers with the likes of Sabrina Carpenter, Billie Eilish, Chappell Roan, and even Rihanna all securing a nod.
Globally, Taylor racked up 26.6 billion streams on Spotify alone to claim the top spot while her latest album, The Tortured Poets Department, also secured number one.
However, the top 10 most popular albums had a little curveball as Taylor’s Lover secured number nine in the UK, despite being five years old.
To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web
							browser that
							supports HTML5
								video
Up Next
Likely enjoying a nice boost from the Eras Tour, Lover was her first studio album released after splitting from her original label and is the mammoth tour’s opening era.
Her re-released album 1989 — a fan favourite — also made it into the most streamed list, securing fifth in the UK and sixth globally.
The announcement comes days before her mammoth world tour finally draws to a close, the real test will be whether can Taylor keep this title next year once the Eras Tour is over.
As for the other top artists of the year, Drake appears to have won his battle with Kendrick Lamar (at least on Spotify) and slid into second place after the 34-year-old megastar.
Shockingly, despite his numerous controversies and Vultures 2 critically flopping, Kanye West — now called Ye — was the third most streamed artist this year.
Globally he’s down at eight but possibly the UK’s pull for nostalgia means Power and The Life of Pablo are still pulling in big numbers.
Case and point: Rihanna somehow was the eighth most streamed artist despite not releasing music in almost a decade.
We can’t help but wonder if a certain popular TikTok edit of Tom Blyth in The Ballad of Songbirds and Snakes to Breaking Dishes has something to do with Rihanna’s popularity this year.
Meanwhile over on the indie and alternative side of things, Oasis were kept out of the top spot by Arctic Monkeys who also secured four of the most listened to tracks.
The 1975, Florence and the Machine, Gorillaz, Radiohead, and Franz Ferdinand all got a look in on both the top artist and top song lists.
As for albums, after The Tortured Poets Department came another unsurprising reveal with Sabrina Carpenter’s Short n Sweet in second.
The cheeky album was followed by the more mellow Stick Season by Noah Kahan in third and Billie Eilish’s Hit Me Hard and Soft in fourth.
Chappell Roan, Benson Boone, Olivia Rodrigo, and Ariana Grande all scored huge top 10 albums with most also securing a top-streamed song too.
While it may have been the meme of the summer, Charli XCX’s Brat did not land in the top 10 across artist, album, or song lists — it seems having a brat summer didn’t actually mean we were listening.
Despite being the most listened-to artist, Taylor also didn’t make it into the top 10 for most streamed songs this year.
That crown was not even taken by Sabrina’s Espresso which became the song of the summer, instead, Stick Season is the most streamed song of the year.
Newcomer Benson’s Beautiful Things and Hozier Too Sweet took the third and fourth spaces, both having enjoyed popularity on TikTok earlier in the year.
Lose Control by Teddy Swims, Billie’s Birds of A Feather, and Chappell’s breakout hit Good Luck, Babe can also thank their viral moments for boosting streaming numbers.
Not Like Us also got a shoutout as one of the most viral songs of the year — it was after all viral enough to prompt legal action from Drake.
Spotify has ramped up the Wrapped experience this year with some new personalised features such as your music evolution playlist.
This will show how your taste and mood has shifted throughout the year and will also include new songs for you to continue to expand your library.
There’s also now a ‘longest listening streak’ which reveals how long you listened to your favourite artist in one go — Swifties will undoubtedly be locked in for that one.
Got a story?
If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.
Arrow
MORE: Iconic 00s punk band axe tour dates last minute due to frontman’s illness
Arrow
MORE: The UK’s most mispronounced words of 2024 — from espresso to Shein
Arrow
MORE: Crowd left in ‘tears’ when 00s popstar shaves off trademark long hair after 24 years