Co-owner Austin Howard of ATD Event Services, which manages shows at the Westfair Amphitheater, looks forward to Chappell Roan's sold-out show at the fairgrounds. Howard was working with a team to set the stage for Roan's concert on October 3. 
Chappell Roan’s music blew up this summer, but that’s not keeping her from playing one last amphitheater show.
A part of “The Midwest Princess Tour,” Roan’s stop at the Westfair Amphitheater Thursday at 8 p.m. marks nearly the end of her tour before hitting the Austin City Limits Music Festival.
Roan exploded in popularity this summer with songs such as “Good Luck, Babe!” and viral performances from Coachella and Lollapalooza.
"You know, I think that it's very clear that there's a lot of big things on the horizon for Chappell Roan and her team,” said Austin Howard, co-owner of ATD Event Services. “I expect to see her moving into bigger venues like (Omaha's CHI Health Center Area) or (Lincoln, Nebraska's Pinnacle Bank Arena), especially with her commanding the crowd at all her other festival performances this year.”
Workers from ATD Event Services raised metal trusses on the amphitheater’s stage Wednesday morning, a line of portable toilets took shape along the perimeter and barricades were placed around an on-site home where Westfair Operations Manager Brandon Vorthmann lives.
ATD Events employees deploy the stage at Westfair Amphitheater in Council Bluffs on Wednesday, Oct. 2, 2024, a day before Chappell Roan’s arrival.
“It’s a pretty good-sized venue, but it can also feel quite cozy,” Vorthmann said about Westfair’s scalability — hosting small-time artists to worldwide popstars.
Fans have already gathered in online forums, sharing plans, ticketing and venue information.
Multiple users on Reddit posting on r/chappellroan said they’re bringing handmade bracelets to share — one specific person saying they’ve got “about 150 Pink Pony Club bracelets to give out on Thursday!” Others have shared concerns about parking, citing past experiences and the two-lane highway that leads out of Council Bluffs towards the fairgrounds.
Howard said that the capacity for the event is 11,000, but Westfair’s bowl can sometimes fit up to 25,000 people.
“We feel that an 11,000-person cap for concerts, especially events like this, is the safest route for people being comfortable, being able to get into the facility and enjoy themselves,”  said. “Pushing it anywhere beyond that I feel could be irresponsible and it would be better off for everybody if you know there's room to move around.”
Signs already line Highway 6 near Westfair reading “Expect delays, event traffic Thursday.”
Organizers hope to squash concerns fans have about the parking situation.
“The highway coming into the event space is definitely one of the limiting factors,” Howard said. “We worked really close with the with the local authorities, and we put together a larger parking event staff than we've ever seen out here before.”
Howard said that previous sold-out shows have had around 10 to 15 people on staff for parking. Roan’s fandom has caused organizers to agree on a larger 40-person team.
Vorthmann shared some tips for concert attendees.
“If you can, get here early. If you can't get here early, carpool and if you can’t carpool, just have patience,” Vorthmann said. “It's if you've ever experienced a show out here, a big show out here, you know that traffic can be difficult. It's a one lane highway each way and, unfortunately, you can't control that.”
The west parking lot will open at 8 a.m. and the north lot will open at noon. The Westfair gates to the vendor village will open at 2 p.m. on Thursday and “at least 10” food vendors will be ready to serve concertgoers, Vorthmann said. Ride share drop-off will be at the grounds eastern entrance off Highway 6.
“To my neighbors, just have patience. I understand. I sympathize. Trust me, I live here,” Vorthmann said.
The Westfair Amphitheater sits empty a day before Chappell Roan on Wednesday, Oct. 2, 2024.
Get local news delivered to your inbox!
Reporter
Co-owner Austin Howard of ATD Event Services, which manages shows at the Westfair Amphitheater, looks forward to Chappell Roan's sold-out show…
It's been a busy year in southwest Iowa. 
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.