ByJim Ryan
ByJim Ryan,
 Contributor. 
Chappell Roan performs to one of Lollapalooza's biggest Grant Park crowds on day one at Lollapalooza ... More '24. Thursday, August 1, 2024 at Grant Park in Chicago, IL
“My god, I’m so thankful that cloud just moved over us!” said 15 year old, Australian guitar phenom Taj Farrant on stage Thursday as Lollapalooza kicked off in Chicago, promptly summing up the internal dialogue of thousands of concertgoers amidst only temporary relief.
While an occasional breeze off Lake Michigan did occasionally present itself, Thursday was nevertheless a sweltering one in the Windy City, with temperatures pushing 90 degrees on an afternoon where high humidity levels made severe weather a lingering potential threat throughout the day.
Despite rain before gates opened Thursday morning at 11 AM local time in Grant Park, somehow Lollapalooza mostly missed isolated storms.
Hozier performs on day one at Lollapalooza. Thursday, August 1, 2024 at Grant Park in Chicago, IL 
Clouds which appeared particularly menacing began to move in from the west over Grant Park in the moments before English singer and rapper Labrinth took to the T-Mobile main stage on the south end of Grant Park - but it never did more than drizzle, with Labrinth’s set taking place uninterrupted as Lollapalooza remained free of evacuations on day one in Chicago despite the forecast.
Known globally for its electrification of blues music, Farrant was an early highlight on day one in Chicago, showcasing the artform magnificently during a quick 30 minute set on the Kidzapalooza stage.
“It’s funny. Because I don’t really listen to a lot of blues outside of when I’m playing it,” said Farrant backstage following the scorching set. “I listen to a lot of music that’s here. So, it’s cool to get to see some artists I recognize that’s not in the blues community.”
.
He played it on stage Thursday though, taking fans on a run through the blues rock canon.
Opening up with Hendrix via Thin Lizzy guitarist Gary Moore’s take on “Red House,” Farrant tackled Texas axeman Stevie Ray Vaughan next, laying waste to “Tightrope.”
“Well, hello everybody!” said Farrant Thursday on stage at Lollapalooza. “Thank you for coming out today to see me. It means a lot.”
Backed by a tight three piece band, Farrant and company revisited the great guitar state of Texas, offering up their own, slightly sped up take on Eric Johnson’s beautiful “Cliffs of Dover.”
Taj Farrant performs on day one at Lollapalooza. Thursday, August 1, 2024 at Grant Park in Chicago, ... More IL
Scheduled to open for Chicago blues legend Buddy Guy in Milwaukee later this month, Farrant recently released his latest single ahead of a forthcoming album drop.
“My dad initially showed me Gary Moore and stuff. But I kind of went into it more myself. He knew about it and now I’ve taught a lot to him about the blues so it’s pretty cool,” said Farrant of his earliest exposure to the genre. “I’ve gotten the chance to open for Buddy. I did one show a couple of days ago. He’s a really cool dude. Just really sincere. And he’s all about the blues!” said the young guitarist. “‘I Give Up’ is the latest single. It’s just come out. But we just finished my album and it’s getting released August 28.”
Elsewhere, Missouri-born songwriter and pop star Chappell Roan was the talk of Thursday’s live performance slate, offering up a set for the ages that’s liable to be examined throughout the weekend if not the foreseeable future, attracting without question one of the single largest crowds in Lollapalooza’s 20 year history as a Chicago destination festival.
Chappell Roan performs on day one at Lollapalooza. Thursday, August 1, 2024 at Grant Park in ... More Chicago, IL
“At every party, we're the party, shaking our asses / Making out, while the world collapses,” sang Roan triumphantly during “Super Graphic Ultra Modern Girl.”
While her face paint conjured up the experimental mental image of David Bowie, Roan’s Lollapalooza set embraced a pro wrestling theme, with a ring present on stage as the star emerged in a pink and blue luchador mask, owning the runway as she headed south through Hutchinson Field into the massive throng, one which aerial photos have revealed stretched from the festival’s south main stage through Grant Park and across Balbo Avenue toward the city’s iconic Buckingham Fountain, nearly a mile long stretch.
The roar let out by the incredible crowd as Roan appeared was impressive, drowning out the earliest moments of opener “Femininomenon.”
“Can you believe it, Lollapalooza?” she asked rhetorically midway through “Naked in Manhattan,” from the Lollapalooza stage, one of the only moments of early banter actually audible over the massive outcry.
Chappell Roan performs on day one at Lollapalooza. Thursday, August 1, 2024 at Grant Park in ... More Chicago, IL
“Thank you! We’re gonna sing some off The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess!” said Roan excitedly, referencing her 2023 debut album as she set up “Love Me Anyway.”
U.K. neo soul singer Olivia Dean wrapped up a one hour performance on the IHG Hotels stage moments before Roan got started on the nearby T-Mobile main stage, performing to another extremely large early Thursday audience.
“I saw Chappell Roan! Wow. Lucky day for me. That was absolutely unbelievable. And I want to see Lizzy McAlpine as well,” said Dean Thursday afternoon backstage following both performances. “This is my first time at Lollapalooza. I got in last night. But it feels like the same day. I feel quite dazed and confused right now.”
Olivia Dean poses backstage following a performance on day one at Lollapalooza. Thursday, August 1, ... More 2024 at Grant Park in Chicago, IL
Dean was performing Thursday in support of her 2023 debut full length Messy as well as her brand new single “Time,” one which examines the age-old question of how to best utilize the time we’ve got while finding balance.
“I think it was just kind of borne out of me reflecting on how my life’s just kind of different now. And not necessarily in a bad way,” Dean explained of the new single Thursday evening in Chicago. “It’s just I’ve had to get really good at managing my time - and it does not come naturally to me. I’m always just like, ‘God, I wish there was somebody that could tell me how I’m supposed to spend it!’ And I realized everyone’s really got to just figure it out for themselves. And it’s constant, you know?” said the singer with a smile. “So, I think it’s a song that’s frustrated. But it’s also a song that’s appreciative of life. The line is, ‘It’s a gift to exist.’ And I appreciate that! But I’m also like, ‘I also want to exist more! I want to exist everywhere at once!’”