US pop star Chappell Roan has defended her right to say no to “creepy behaviour” she has been receiving from members of the public.
The singer opened up about the repercussions of her rapid rise to stardom, which saw her 2023 debut album The Rise And Fall Of A Midwest Princess catapulted to number one in the UK chart earlier in the month.
In a TikTok video, she said: “I don’t care that abuse and harassment, stalking, whatever is a normal thing to do to people who are famous, or a little famous, or whatever.
A post shared by ･ﾟ: *✧ Chappell Roan ✧*:･ﾟ (@chappellroan)
“I don’t care that it’s normal. I don’t care that this crazy type of behaviour comes along with the job, the career, field I’ve chosen.
“That does not make it OK. That doesn’t make it normal.
“Doesn’t mean I want it. Doesn’t mean that I like it.
“I don’t want whatever the f*** you think you’re supposed to be entitled to whenever you see a celebrity. I don’t give f*** if you think it’s selfish of me to say no for a photo or for your time or for a hug.
“That’s not normal. That’s weird. It’s weird how people think you know a person just because you see them online or you listen to the art they make.
“That’s f****** weird. I’m allowed to say no to creepy behaviour, OK?”
In another TikTok video the 26-year-old singer posed a hypothetical question and asked fans if they would yell at a random woman in public or ask her for a photo.
The singer’s debut album did not chart upon its release, according to the Official Charts Company, but as her fan base grew it made its way into the UK chart in April 2024.
As well as her breakthrough single Good Luck, Babe, two songs from the album – Hot To Go! and Red Wine Supernova – have entered the UK singles chart as well.
Sir Elton John sent a message of “congratulations” to Roan on Instagram after her album made it to number one, calling it “the meteoric rise of a midwestern princess”, while sharing an image of him with the singer, who appeared on the British multi-award winning musician’s Rocket Hour podcast.

                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.