"Literally wrote down eight things she wished someone would have told her when she was going through it"
Chappell Roan has revealed that Lorde sent her a list of ways to deal with negativity and her meteoric rise to fame – find out more below.
Last month, Roan took to TikTok to share her thoughts on being famous and the “weird” and “creepy” fan behaviour that comes with it. She questioned if someone was allowed to yell at her from their car, get mad at her for refusing to take photos, stalk her, or otherwise harass her simply because she’s a celebrity and not “a random woman”. “I’m a random bitch. You’re a random bitch. Just think about that for a second,” she said in her first TikTok.
In another video, she said that just because harassment “is a normal thing to do to people who are famous or a little famous”, “that does not make it OK” or “normal” nor that it’s something she wants done to her.
Chappell Roan at the 2024 MTV VMAs. Credit: Mike Coppola/Getty Images for MTV
After her comments on fan behaviour, a plethora of the biggest names in music reached out to the former NME Cover star in support including including Charli XCX, Billie Eilish, Katy Perry, MUNA, Miley Cyrus, boygenius, Sabrina Carpenter and Mitski.
Lorde had also reached out – though Chappell Roan has now revealed that instead of mere words of encouragement, the New Zealander shared with her eight tips on how to deal with the situation.
Roan said in a feature chat with The Face: “I feel like fame is just abusive. The vibe of this – stalking, talking shit online, [people who] won’t leave you alone, yelling at you in public – is the vibe of an abusive ex-husband. That’s what it feels like. I didn’t know it would feel this bad.”
Lorde performing live – CREDIT: Joseph Okpako/WireImag/Getty Images
One day, she texted Lorde for advice while crying in the bathroom in an airport: “She sent me a list of things I should do. Literally wrote down eight things she wished someone would have told her when she was going through it. And she went through fucking hell. She was a baby!”
Prior to Roan’s videos addressing her fans, she had expressed wanting to “[pump] the brakes” on it after fans gave off “stalker vibes”. Her remarks earned her praise from Paramore‘s Hayley Williams, who took to Instagram to say the pop star was “brave”.
Elsewhere at the MTV VMAs last week, Roan hit back at a photographer who seemingly told her to “shut the fuck up” on the red carpet. Ahead of the ceremony, the rising pop star faced some backlash for cancelling two European shows due to “scheduling conflicts”. She then posted images of herself in rehearsals for the VMAs.
Chappell Roan performs live at the 2024 MTV VMAs. CREDIT: Jeff Kravitz/Getty
Last September, Roan released her debut studio album ‘The Rise And Fall Of A Midwest Princess’ to wide acclaim. In a four-star review, NME described it as “a display of Roan’s bold and brazen pen, where she places searing revelations alongside some deliciously cheeky choruses”.
It has since topped the UK album chart almost a year after its release – something Elton John congratulated her on.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.