Honoring the best music videos of the year, the MTV Video Music Awards is shaping up to be one of the most exciting nights in television this fall. Originally slated for September 10, the 2024 MTV VMAs will air tonight, Wednesday, September 11. (The date was changed so as not to compete with yesterday's Presidential Debate).
The immensely talented Megan Thee Stallion is hosting this year's MTV VMAs. We hope to see Taylor Swift grace the stage — potentially multiple times — as she tops the VMA nominations. Current "it girl" Chappell Roan is set to perform at the awards show, as well as pop sensation Sabrina Carpenter. 
We can't wait to see what's in store for the major music event. Since the MTV Video Music Awards air on MTV, one of the easiest ways to watch the star-studded affair without cable is with a subscription to FuboTV — right now, eligible customers can take advantage of the free week-long trial to watch the MTV VMAs at no cost.
Watch the VMAs for free on FuboTV
Taylor Swift leads the VMA nominations for the second year in a row with noms in 10 different categories. Post Malone came close with nine nominations, while Eminem, Ariana Grande and Sabrina Carpenter followed with an impressive six each. Other top contenders include Megan Thee Stallion and SZA who earned five nominations each, and LISA, Olivia Rodrigo and Teddy Swims with four apiece. 
While many awards shows recruit critics to determine the ultimate winners, MTV puts the power in the hands of the fans. That means the public gets to decide who is the best of the best by voting online for their favorite artists.
Find out who reigns supreme when the MTV VMAs air on Wednesday, September 11, at 8:00 p.m. ET. You can watch the highly anticipated music awards show on MTV. Cable-cutters can tune in via a live TV streaming service like Fubo TV, Sling TV and Hulu + Live TV — all of which are offering deals to help you save.
ET and MTV are subsidiaries of Paramount.
Not only is FuboTV an excellent streaming service for sports fans, but it also features many appealing news and entertainment channels for everyone — including MTV. 
One of the best parts about FuboTV is that the streaming service is currently offering a seven-day free trial. That means you can take the platform for a test drive without paying for it. After the trial period, plans start at $79.99 per month.
FuboTV is a sports-centric streaming service that offers access to all kinds of live events, including the 2024 MTV Video Music Awards. Packages include MTV, NBC, FOX, CBS, ESPN, the Golf Channel and more. In addition to these, FuboTV also offers MLB, NBA, NHL, MLS and international soccer games.
Plans start at $80/Month
Free 7-day trial
Right now, new and eligible returning subscribers can get a free three-day trial for Hulu + Live TV before locking into the standard monthly subscription price of $77 per month. With Hulu + Live TV streaming, you'll get access to more than 90 live TV channels — including MTV to watch the 2024 VMAs — plus you'll get Hulu, Disney+ and ESPN+'s entire library of on-demand television shows, movies and originals.
Hulu + Live TV plans start at $76.99 per month and include ESPN+ and Disney+ for no extra charge. Along with access to MTV, viewers will also get to watch NBC, FOX, CW, A&E and so many more channels live.
Plans start at $77/Month
One of the more affordable options for watching the MTV VMAs is with Sling TV. There is currently a Sling TV deal offering new subscribers 50% off their first month of any tier of the streaming service. MTV is currently not a part of Sling TV's base packages, but the Entertainment Extra can be added to Sling's Orange or Blue plan for an extra $6 per month. 
Sling TV's Blue or Orange Plan, you'll get access to a minimum of 34 channels. The Orange Plan, which includes ESPN, Disney and Freeform is the most affordable at $40 per month. By adding the Entertainment Extra add-on to your package, eligible customers can get the first month of Sling TV for just $26.
$46 $26
For first month
The MTV Video Music Awards are happening on Wednesday, September 11 at 8:00 p.m. ET in New York's USB Arena.
Previously the MTV Video Music Awards were scheduled for September 10, but then ABC's Presidential Debate was scheduled for that day as well. MTV rescheduled the VMAs to the next day so viewers could watch both live events.
Megan Thee Stallion or as some call her, the Houston Hottie, will be hosting the 2024 MTV Video Music Awards.
So far MTV has announced thirteen incredible talents that will be performing at the Video Music Awards. This includes Anitta, Benson Boone, Camila Cabello, Chappell Roan, GloRilla, Halsey, Karol G, Lenny Kravitz, LISA, LL Cool J, Rauw Alejandro, Sabrina Carpenter and Shawn Mendes.
Here are the nominations for the top categories of MTV's Video Music Awards... 
VIDEO OF THE YEARAriana Grande – “we can’t be friends (wait for your love)” – Republic Records Billie Eilish – “LUNCH” – Darkroom / Interscope RecordsDoja Cat – “Paint The Town Red” – Kemosabe Records / RCA Records Eminem – “Houdini” – Shady / Aftermath / Interscope RecordsSZA – “Snooze” – Top Dawg Entertainment / RCA RecordsTaylor Swift ft. Post Malone – “Fortnight” – Republic Records 
ARTIST OF THE YEARAriana Grande – Republic RecordsBad Bunny – Rimas EntertainmentEminem – Shady / Aftermath / Interscope Records Sabrina Carpenter – IslandSZA – Top Dawg Entertainment / RCA Records Taylor Swift – Republic Records 
SONG OF THE YEARBeyoncé – “TEXAS HOLD 'EM” – Parkwood Entertainment / Columbia Records Jack Harlow – “Lovin On Me” – Generation Now / Atlantic RecordsKendrick Lamar – “Not Like Us” – pgLang, under exclusive license to Interscope Records Sabrina Carpenter – “Espresso” – IslandTaylor Swift ft. Post Malone – “Fortnight” – Republic RecordsTeddy Swims – “Lose Control” – Warner Records 
BEST NEW ARTISTBenson Boone – Night Street Records, Inc. / Warner Records Chappell Roan – IslandGracie Abrams – Interscope RecordsShaboozey – American Dogwood / EMPIRETeddy Swims – Warner RecordsTyla – Epic Records 
See the full list of MTV's Video Music Awards nominations here.
RELATED CONTENT:
Awards
News
Music
News
News
News
Awards