Among the top picks are her Mexican lucha libre outfit and a Statue of Liberty costume
Chappell Roan has reflected on her huge breakout year by ranking her personal favourite “iconique” looks of 2024.
The singer, whose hit ‘Good Luck, Babe!’ has been named by NME as the best song of the year, shared her list of the top 10 outfits she has donned over the course of the last 12 months in a post on Instagram.
“It’s my opinion!!!” she captioned the post. “Why yes, I do consider myself to be iconique.”
A post shared by ･ﾟ: *✧ Chappell Roan ✧*:･ﾟ (@chappellroan)
Taking the top spot on Roan’s list is her Statue of Liberty outfit from the Governors Ball in June, where she took to the stage in a literal big apple, complete with green body paint and a giant spliff.
Chappell Roan at the 2024 Governors Ball on June 9, 2024 in Queens, New York. (Photo by Nina Westervelt/Billboard via Getty Images)
Among other inclusions were the cover art for the ‘Good Luck, Babe!’ single, which saw her wearing a pig nose, and her look from NPR’s Tiny Desk where she wore a pink prom dress, complete with red wig and lipstick-stained teeth.
Her Mexican luchador look from Lollapalooza is another entry, as is her white swan outfit from an appearance on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon in June.
Chappell Roan at Lollapalooza Festival at Grant Park on August 01, 2024 in Chicago, Illinois. (Photo by Erika Goldring/WireImage)
Roan is nominated for six awards at the upcoming Grammys, including Best New Artist, Album Of The Year (‘The Rise And Fall Of A Midwest Princess’), and Song and Record Of The Year (‘Good Luck, Babe!’). She has also promised to “say something controversial” during an acceptance speech, should she be a winner.
Roan has also been boldly outspoken about her rapid ascent to stardom, venting about the normalisation of extreme fan behaviour, including “stalking, talking shit online, [people who] won’t leave you alone [and] yelling at you in public”. She added: “I didn’t know it would feel this bad.”
She also compared fame to “an abusive ex-husband”. Elsewhere, she took to TikTok to share her thoughts on “weird” and “creepy” followers, and called out the “predatory behaviour” of so-called “superfans” that included “nonconsensual physical and social interactions”.
Next summer will see Roan headline Reading & Leeds 2025 alongside Travis Scott, Bring Me The Horizon and Hozier.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.