ByJulia Brenner
ByJulia Brenner,
 Contributor. 
Thousands of festival goers made the annual pilgrimage to attend Chicago's Lollapalooza 2024.
Lollapalooza 2024 just wrapped another successful festival run on Sunday August 4, drawing crowds upwards of 500,000 and hundreds of musical acts—but if one performer ruled the weekend, it was breakout star, Chappell Roan, with a record-breaking crowd of over 100,000.
Lollapalooza 2024 transforms Chicago's Grant Park into an elaborate music festival-meets-branded ... More pop-up party.
Taking over Chicago’s Grant Park, Lolla 2024 featured the usual impressive lineup of big-name headliners—Megan Thee Stallion, The Killers, SZA, Future and Metro Boomin, Blink 182, Skrillex, Zedd, and Chappell Roan, with vibrant sets by acts like Laufey, Reneé Rapp, Nia Archive, TV Girl, The Last Dinner Party, Jungle, Atmosphere, Killer Mike, and hundreds of others.
Laufey, the jazz-inspired Icelandic pop sensation, performed an inspired set with the Chicago ... More Philharmonic on Friday, August 2, 2024
For music lovers, braving the massive crowds and intense heat was worth it to experience their favorite performers. It’s not every day you can catch an afternoon set by rapper Kevin Abstract, swoon along to an ethereal sunset serenade by Laufee and the Chicago Philharmonic, get in your feelings under a shady bank of trees with indie-folk outfit Wilderado, then witness a majestic closing act like SZA—all set against the backdrop of Chicago’s glittering skyline.
British dance music project, Jungle, kicked the weekend off on Thursday, August 1, with a high ... More energy set.
While the main T Mobile and Budlight stages draw crowds in the thousands and often require general admission fans to wait for hours to snag good views of headliners, the festival’s more intimate stages tend to have a communal vibe, transforming into mini raves, spontaneous mosh pits, or what feels like ecstatic sing-a-longs, depending on who’s performing.
"Midwest princess", Chappell Roan, drew a record-breaking crowd of over 100,000 for her performance ... More on Thursday, August 1, 2024
One of the major moments of Lollapalooza 2024 was the Thursday evening performance by breakout star, Chappell Roan, who performed to a record-breaking crowd of over 100,000. Styled by Genesis Webb as a female wrestler and backed by an all-female boxing-themed band, Roan’s performance transformed the sweltering crowd into a euphorically sweaty dance party, as thousands belted along to viral hits like “Hot To Go” and “Pink Pony Club.” Roan’s infectious appeal was evident, as the crowd was not only cheering for her music, but cheering her on as an underdog pop star. As festival goer, Ellis Curry, said through elated tears, “I just feel so happy for her...you can see how much this means to her.”
In between jumping up and down with thousands of others at performances, Lolla now offers festival goers a diverse array of highly curated “beyond the music” experiences, from the extensive Taste of Chicago-style culinary offerings at Chow Town, to elaborate brand activations that serve as mini pop-up parties sprinkled throughout the festival grounds.
Lolla continues to evolve the "beyond the music" experience, offering festival goers a wide array of ... More branded activations.
Branded activations had a powerful festival presence this year, with hour-long lines forming for pop-ups like Liquid I.V.’s Hydration Haven, where visitors enjoyed signature slushy flavors and a chill lounge setting; a Coke Studio-branded roller skating rink; Ulta Beauty’s House of Joy dished out complimentary glow-ups and free swag to Ulta members; guests were able to create custom sock designs at the GOLDTOE Sock Creation Station; the team at the haunted-house themed Liquid Death Country Club gave away free cans of Liquid Death, airbrush tattoos, and horoscope readings for “members” who opted to “sell their soul” for merch.
As part of their 2024 summer brand campaign, "Tear. Pour. Live. More.", Liquid I.V.'s Hydration ... More Haven activation featured signature slushies, lounge areas, and a DJ.
As an Illinois Sustainability Award recipient, the festival continues its practice of using sustainable festival practices on the grounds, behind the scenes, and in the preservation of the historic Grant Park. The commitment to sustainable practices was integrated into every area of the park, from recycling and composting to eco-friendly food service items. Attendees were encouraged to bring empty water bottles and use the festival’s Hydration Stations, which provided free filtered water.
In addition to ongoing sustainability measures, this year included new green initiatives. A big step towards more sustainable operations was the powering of the Main Stage, sponsored by T-Mobile, which was run solely on a hybrid battery system, including all audio, lighting, video and stage production. Lolla 2024 also featured an immersive biophilic-designed activation from conservation organization Re:wild, who became an official global Lollapalooza partner this year. For festival goers who prefer plant-based cuisine, the festival developed Plant Base, a stand-alone food court that featured vendors serving entirely plant-based food options.
What started in 1991 as Perry Farrell’s fairly rag-tag touring festival has now become an immersive ... More branded event.
What started in 1991 as Perry Farrell’s fairly rag-tag touring festival has now become an immersive branded event that sits squarely at the intersection of art and commerce. The crowds this past weekend may have been sipping on Dunkin’ iced lattes and snapping up Joe Fresh x Lolla collab merch, but the heart of the festival remains an eclectic, and at time electric musical experience—that is something Lollapalooza still delivers on, thirty years and counting.