Theo Burman is a Newsweek Live News Reporter based in London, U.K. He writes about U.S. politics and international news, with a focus on infrastructure and technology. He has covered technological and cultural issues extensively in the U.S. and the U.K., such as the rise of Elon Musk and other tech figures within the conservative movement, and the development of high-profile international construction projects. Theo joined Newsweek in 2024 and has previously written for Dexerto, PinkNews, and News UK. He is a graduate of Durham University and News Associates. You can get in touch with Theo by emailing t.burman@newsweek.com. Languages: English.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
Rising pop sensation Chappell Roan was invited to attend the White House for an event celebrating Pride Month, but later announced that she was rejecting the offer for political reasons.
Roan, who has been a consistent advocate for LGBTQ+ rights during her music career, revealed her decision not to attend the event during her performance at the Governors Ball Music Festival in New York City on June 9, where she dedicated one of her songs to the White House.
Roan said that Biden's team had reached out to her and asked her to perform in Washington, D.C., to celebrate Pride, but told the audience that her conditions had not been met for her to attend.
The Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation (GLAAD), a LGBTQ+ media advocacy group, reported a record spike in LGBTQ+ hate during last year's Pride Month. According to GLAAD and the Anti-Defamation League (ADL), there were "at least 145 incidents of anti-LGBTQ hate and extremism nationwide" during that time.
During her Governors Ball performance, Roan, dressed as the Statue of Liberty, delivered a message. "We want liberty, justice and freedom for all. When you do that, that's when I'll come," Roan said, directly addressing the White House invitation.
At another time during the performance, Roan quoted the words written on the Statue of Liberty, saying: "In case you had forgotten what's etched on me: give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses, yearning to breathe free.
"That means freedom in trans rights, freedom in women's rights, and it especially means freedom for all oppressed people in occupied territories."
Roan has been outspoken about her beliefs, particularly on LGBTQ+ rights, throughout her time in the limelight. In an interview with Variety last year, she said: "When queer people are together, it's the happiest, most vibrant feeling. The shows are a way for me to give a safe space to queer people and to have fun and dress up. It feels like magic on stage"​​.
Newsweek contacted Chappell Roan's team for comment via email.
Chappell Roan, born Kayleigh Rose Amstutz, is a pop singer-songwriter hailing from Missouri. She was raised in a Christian household, and first garnered attention as a 17-year-old through her YouTube covers, which led to a deal with Atlantic Records. Roan's breakout moment came with the release of her single "Good Luck, Babe!" in April 2024.
Her early career featured a folk-leaning EP and tours with artists like Vance Joy. However, it was her partnership with Olivia Rodrigo's co-writer Daniel Nigro that marked a turning point. Signing with Nigro's label and later with Island Records, Roan released her debut album, "The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess," in September 2023. This album, coupled with her supporting role on Olivia Rodrigo's Guts World Tour, significantly boosted her profile.
Newsweek is committed to journalism that's factual and fair.
Hold us accountable and submit your rating of this article on the meter. 
Newsweek is committed to journalism that's factual and fair.
Hold us accountable and submit your rating of this article on the meter. 
Theo Burman is a Newsweek Live News Reporter based in London, U.K. He writes about U.S. politics and international news, with a focus on infrastructure and technology. He has covered technological and cultural issues extensively in the U.S. and the U.K., such as the rise of Elon Musk and other tech figures within the conservative movement, and the development of high-profile international construction projects. Theo joined Newsweek in 2024 and has previously written for Dexerto, PinkNews, and News UK. He is a graduate of Durham University and News Associates. You can get in touch with Theo by emailing t.burman@newsweek.com. Languages: English.
Theo Burman is a Newsweek Live News Reporter based in London, U.K. He writes about U.S. politics and international news, with a focus on infrastructure and technology. He has covered technological and cultural issues extensively in the U.S. and the U.K., such as the rise of Elon Musk and other tech figures within the conservative movement, and the development of high-profile international construction projects. Theo joined Newsweek in 2024 and has previously written for Dexerto, PinkNews, and News UK. He is a graduate of Durham University and News Associates. You can get in touch with Theo by emailing t.burman@newsweek.com. Languages: English.
Theo Burman is a Newsweek Live News Reporter based in London, U.K. He writes about U.S. politics and international news,                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC