"I need a few days to prioritize my health," the singer shared in a statement.

													By
												

	Hannah Dailey


Chappell Roan has dropped out of All Things Go, sharing that she needs to prioritize her health in a statement posted one day ahead of her first of two scheduled performances.

	In a message on her Instagram Story Friday (Sept. 27), the 26-year-old wrote, “I apologize to people who have been waiting to see me in NYC & DC this weekend at All Things Go, but I am unable to perform.”

	“Things have gotten overwhelming over the past few weeks and I am really feeling it,” Roan continued. “I feel pressures to prioritize a lot of things right now and I need a few days to prioritize my health. I want to be present when I perform and give the best shows possible.”

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	“Thank you for understanding,” she added. “Be back soon xox.”

Billboard has reached out to Roan’s rep for comment.

	In a statement shared with Billboard on behalf of All Things Go, the festival‘s spokesperson said they were “heartbroken” to see Roan pull out. “While we know how much you were looking forward to the performances, it’s important to remember that health and well-being always comes first,” the statement continued. “All Things Go strongly supports artists prioritizing their well-being and we ask our community to rally around Chappell Roan with love and understanding.”

	Roan had been slated to perform at both the New York City and Maryland iterations of the festival, which will occur on back-to-back days this weekend. Featuring headliners Laufey, Bleachers, Janelle Monae, Conan Gray, Renee Rapp and Hozier, the original schedule had the “Hot to Go!” artist scheduled for Saturday (Sept. 28) in New York followed by a second performance in the D.C. area Sunday (Sept. 29).

	The VMA winner’s departure from the festival comes amid some backlash from fans unhappy with her recent comments about the 2024 presidential election, which began when she told Rolling Stone she doesn’t “feel pressured to endorse someone” in the race between Democrat Kamala Harris and Republican Donald Trump, as she sees “problems on both sides.”

	When some people took issue with her choice not to publicly back Harris, with many seeing the VP as the safest choice for LGBTQ issues — something Roan has long been vocal about in her support — the “Good Luck, Babe!” artist responded with a Sept. 24 TikTok video saying that her comments had been “completely taken out of context” and encouraged followers “to use critical thinking skills, learn about what they’re voting for, learn about who they’re voting for, and ask questions.”

	










	When the TikTok sparked even more debate, Roan again posted to the platform Sept. 25. “I’m voting for f–king Kamala,” she said. “But I’m not settling for what has been offered, because that’s questionable … “Obviously, f–k the policies of the right — but also, f–k some of the policies on the left! That’s why I can’t endorse.”

	Roan has been open about how overwhelmed she’s felt this year as her stardom has skyrocketed. In June, she paused one of her concerts to level with the audience. “I think my career is just kind of going really fast and it’s really hard to keep up,” she said at the time, appearing emotional. “I’m just being honest … I’m having a hard time today.” 

	A couple months later, the Missouri native made headlines for speaking out against toxic fan behavior, with Roan detailing experiences with stalking and crossed boundaries she’s faced over the past few months. “I’ve been in too many nonconsensual physical and social interactions and I just need to lay it out and remind you, women don’t owe you s—t,” she wrote at the time in an Instagram post. “I chose this career path because because I love music and art and honoring my inner child, I do not accept harassment of any kind because I chose this path, nor do I deserve it.”
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.