Home    Forums    Television    Saturday Night Live (Season 50)
Stevie Nicks? The Stevie Nicks? OMG! That’s huge. Interesting that Ariana isn’t singing for her episode. I expected Glenn Powell to get the season premiere slot, but his hosting time will come soon enough. Jean Smart and Michael Keaton are both exciting choices! Legends only. And of course, Chappell Roan is major too, and right around Grammy time.
Ariana will host SNL for the second time and Stevie Nicks as musical guest, her first time back since 1983!!! That’s huge!
Anyone from the upcoming “Gladiator II” movie except Pedro Pascal (since he already did it in 2023). Maybe Paul Mescal or Joseph Quinn? I just found out Denzel Washington has never hosted SNL before.
Kind of an odd bunch for the first 5 eps!?? The musical guests are kind of white (that is a genre) and the hosts are totally up my alley but kind of older? Who is the audience? Personally I am psyched for Stevie, Nate and Keaton, but I am a middle aged white woman (I hate Coldplay sm). There’s no episode here that I will outright avoid like I did several times last season. I will not watch a Dave Chappelle election episode. He has no finger on any pulse and no “father” currency.
Lamorne Morris would make an excellent host, whatever he’s promoting. And I was really surprised Zendaya didn’t host in the first half of the year, but towards award season maybe she’ll want it. I’m sure she could host whenever she wanted to.
I’m still salty about Chloe Troast being dumped but Longfellow and Walker continuing and it seems like loottss of online people are also mad. I’m happy that Che is back, he’s kind of a celeb crush for me, so. More Mikey Day pointing out the obvious jokes in an exasperated nasal voice? Ugh.
FYC
Uzo Aduba (The Residence), Jessica Williams (Shrinking), Janelle James (Abbott Elementary) + Only Murders in the Building (series)
~Every link to X/Twitter supports E*on M*sk's agenda. Please consider screenshots or Bluesky links instead.
It will be short notice but hoping Jean Smart can pull out her Dame Maggie impression for a tribute 
https://x.com/alyscully/status/1839717267346731019
LOVED it. A+. Could have lived without the last skit tbh. How have we not had Dana Carvy as Biden before?! It’s just magical. Bowen as Vance…..a choice. Like it but still feel like they could have gotten a big guest stat like Jake G. 
Jean Smart was in fine form as host. Loved the “dramatic” Lucy Ricardo send-up and Brat talk show the most, though I hoped to see more sketches with Smart in them. There’s two “cut-for-time” videos up on YouTube, so I’m guessing it’s on account of the cold open running for so long. Speaking of the cold open, that was the highlight of the episode by far. Maya Rudolph as Kamala is just golden. She’s getting another Emmy for this. Jim Gaffigan hammed it up too much as Walz, but I guess I can’t see anyone other than Steve Martin doing it. Dana Carvey is the best Biden we’re EVER getting, and why wasn’t this casting choice made sooner? Poor choice for J.D. Vance. Feels like a missed opportunity for some fun stunt casting. Loved the new main title credits and the retro font. I want more nostalgia and callbacks as the season progresses. Weekend Update was great. Didn’t know the viral creature thingy that Bowen Yang was referencing, but I absolutely caught all of the Chappell Roan nonsense. They even managed to throw in some Mark Robinson digs! Jelly Roll, the less said, the better. Very excited about the anniversary season!
Overall very good episode. Bowen Yang already has a submission tape with this season opener. Jean Smart was so-so, aside from the Lucy sketch, I didn’t think she was a great fit. I loved Weekend Update, Michael Che was way more reactive last night, so funny. Jelly Roll was fantastic. Loved Jim Gaffigan & Andy Samberg as additions to the Rudolph’s team. James Austin Johnson’s Trump felt more muted last night, not as funny as he’s previously been (maybe there’s just been so many Trump impressions over the years that I’m even over the good ones?)
For your 2026 Grammy consideration
Best Dance/Electronic Album:
Anti Up - What Is Life
Zed’s Dead - Return to the Spectrum of Intergalactic Happiness 
Best Dance/Electronic Recording:
Anyma & Ellie Goulding - “Hypnotized”
Sub Focus featuring Katy B - “Push The Tempo”
Zeds Dead - “One of These Mornings”
Kinda need the Charli talk talk show to be recurring sketch.
I think people were very harsh about Jean Smart’s gig. She was a perfectly charming host and I thought she elevated a bunch of sketches that otherwise weren’t very funny (although I did really like the dramatic Lucy Ricardo one and her line reading of “tu soy gay”). I actually thought the cold open wasn’t quite as sharp as they usually are pre-election although Rudolph was absolutely exquisite and I do really love the decisions to get Samberg and Carvey to play Doug and Biden. I have to say I do echo what has been said about the Charli talk talk show sketch and I’d lowkey be tempted to actually tune into this every week if it became a recurring one.
TV FYC: Kevin Kline ("Disclaimer), Bridget Everett ("Somebody Somewhere"), Severance in all categories
Give Meg Ryan the Oscar vehicle she deserves!
The two cut-for-time sketches were funnier than half of what aired (HoTD take note). Real Housewives of Santa Fe might be the worst sketch I’ve ever seen. Bowen needs to chill out and be in half the sketches. Andrew Dismukes is pretty annoying playing the Mikey “Exasperated Captain Obvious” Day role. The Cold Open was excellent but Chloe and Bowen need to rely less on immediately dated, chronically online Gen Z meme content (but I also enjoyed Moo Deng very much). Jean Smart was either sick or doing lines backstage. She was sniffling throughout. Camerawork was terrible – they have dropped the ball on that so much in the last 3 or so years.
FYC
Uzo Aduba (The Residence), Jessica Williams (Shrinking), Janelle James (Abbott Elementary) + Only Murders in the Building (series)
~Every link to X/Twitter supports E*on M*sk's agenda. Please consider screenshots or Bluesky links instead.
Chloe Fineman get ready pic.twitter.com/rSA8GCIBgW
— paul (@paulswhtn) October 2, 2024
I loved this episode. The  Sabado Gigante skit was my fav thoughh. a+
Ariana Grande slayed. A+ Emmy nominee contender for sure. More importantly, Maya and Dana Carvy are officially my picks for whatever category they land in. 
ari did amazing!
FOR YOUR GRAMMYS CONSIDERATION :
MAGDALENA BAY - IMAGINAL DISK
You must be logged in to reply to this topic.
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…

				45 mins ago			

				4 mins ago			

				1 hour ago			

				25 mins ago			

				40 mins ago			

				30 mins ago			

				1 hour ago			

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media