The 2024 MTV Video Music Awards return Wednesday night, taking over the UBS Arena in Elmont, N.Y.
Rapper, singer, and songwriter Megan Thee Stallion will pull double duty as both host and a performer at this year’s VMAs. Acclaimed rapper Eminem will kick off the festivities during the show’s opening performance, the first in a star-studded lineup that features some of music’s biggest names, including Chappell Roan and Sabrina Carpenter, both receiving multiple nominations this year.
Here’s everything you need to know about the 2024 VMAs.
This year’s ceremony takes place Wednesday, Sept. 11, and will air live at 8 p.m.
The awards ceremony will air live from New York on MTV and all Paramount owned channels,including BET, BET Her, CMT, CC, Logo, MTV2, Nickelodeon, Paramount Network, Pop, TV Land, and VH1. Streaming on Paramount+ will be an option for those without cable. Viewers who have access to MTV through other streaming services like SlingTV and Hulu will also be able to watch. MTV will host a live red carpet pre-show on its YouTube channel, hosted by Dometi Pongo, Kevan Kenney, and Nessa at 6 p.m., which will include a performance by Le Sserafim as well.
Advertisement
In addition to Megan Thee Stallion helming the show as host, a NYLON exclusive revealed that viewers can also expect to see “Moonman” awards presented by Halle Bailey, Cyndi Lauper, “Chicken Shop Date” host Amelia Dimoldenberg, Carson Daly, and Big Sean, among others.
This year’s VMAs will serve as Megan Thee Stallion’s first hosting stint for the award show, although the singer performed at the 2023 VMAs alongside rapper Cardi B. The rap star is nominated for seven awards this year, including Best Collaboration and Song of the Summer for her song “Wanna Be” with Glorilla, and Best Hip-Hop and  Best Direction for her song “Boa.”
Advertisement
Taylor Swift once again dominates the nominations, securing a total of 12, nine of which she shares with Post Malone for their song “Fortnight.” The rapper earned another two nominations for the song “I Had Some Help” with Morgan Wallen, making Post Malone the second-most nominated artist of the evening,  followed by Eminem with eight nominations. Ariana Grande and first-time nominee Sabrina Carpenter both received seven nods as well.
Other first-time nominees include Chappell Roan, who received four nominations, including best new artist. Charli XCX also received four nominations, including best art direction for the song “360″ and best cinematography for her hit ”Von Dutch”.
Eminem is this year’s opening act, returning to the VMAs’s stage after his 2022 performance of “From the D 2 The LBC” with Snoop Dogg.
Other performers include Sabrina Carpenter, Chappell Roan, GloRilla, Halsey, Lenny Kravitz, LISA, Rauw Alejandro, Anitta, Karol G, LL Cool J, Shawn Mendes, and Camila Cabello.
Additionally, Katy Perry will perform and receive the Video Vanguard Award.  Previous recipients of the award include Beyoncé, Missy Elliott, Madonna, Janet Jackson, and Rihanna. Perry will return to the VMA stage for the first time since 2017, when she performed and hosted the award show.
Arushi Jacob can be reached at arushi.jacob@globe.com.
Digital Access
Home Delivery
Gift Subscriptions
Log In
Manage My Account
Customer Service
Delivery Issues
Feedback
News Tips
Help & FAQs
Staff List
Advertise
Newsletters
View the ePaper
Order Back Issues
News in Education
Search the Archives
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Terms of Purchase
Work at Boston Globe Media
Internship Program
Co-op Program
Do Not Sell My Personal Information