The rock legend also shared the advice she gave Katy Perry and her thoughts on Chappell Roan.

													By
												

	Hannah Dailey


Stevie Nicks has high hopes for Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce.

	In a new interview with Rolling Stone published Thursday (Oct. 24), the 76-year-old rock legend gushed about her famous friend, whom Nicks thinks “has a good man” (aka a certain Kansas City Chiefs tight end). “She is really smart, but she also went through a lot before,” the Fleetwood Mac frontwoman told the publication of Swift. “She’s in a good place right now. … I hope they fall deeper and deeper in love and ride off into the sunset.”

	“[Travis] does his thing and she does her thing, and then they come back together and get married and have babies if she wants that,” Nicks continued. “I just want all of that for her.”

	










	The “Edge of Seventeen” singer previously hung out with Swift and Kelce after one of the pop star’s July Eras Tour shows in Dublin. Elsewhere in the interview, Nicks said she gifted the football player a blanket — “That is what I buy for my friends if there’s a special occasion,” she said — and the star recently recorded a collaboration with his older brother, Jason Kelce, for the upcoming Philly Specials Christmas project.




			Trending on Billboard		






	Also in the interview, Nicks spoke about voting for Kamala Harris in the Nov. 5 presidential election (“I never voted until I was 70 … It’s a big regret”), giving Lindsey Buckingham “300 million chances” before cutting him off for good, and toxic fan culture. While on the latter subject, she recalled Katy Perry once telling her “about the Internet armies of all the girl singers, and how cruel and rancid they were.”

	“I said, ‘Well, I wouldn’t know because I’m not on the Internet,'” Nicks continued of their conversation. “She said, ‘So, who are your rivals?’ I just looked at her. It was my steely look. I said, ‘Katy, I don’t have rivals. I have friends. All the other women singers that I know are friends. Nobody’s competing. Get off the Internet and you won’t have rivals either.’”

	Plus, the Rock & Roll Hall of Famer shared her thoughts on Chappell Roan. “Evidently she likes my music a lot,” Nicks said of the “Good Luck, Babe!” singer. “Me and a friend of mine went and looked at her schedule, and it was outrageous — what she’s already done and then what she’s going into. It’s as bad as any schedule we ever did, and she’s new, and she’s young. I said, ‘They’ll burn her out if that’s what they want to do, because there’s always somebody to replace you.'”

	Nicks is fresh off the release of a new single titled “The Lighthouse,” which she wrote after the Supreme Court turned over Roe v. Wade in 2022. The performer gave the song its live debut on Saturday Night Live earlier this month during the Ariana Grande-hosted episode.

	










	Shortly before dropping the anthemic track in September, Nicks endorsed the Harris-Walz campaign with an Instagram post referencing Swift, who also spoke out in favor of the Democratic ticket that month. “As my friend @taylorswift so eloquently stated, now is the time to research and choose the candidate that speaks to you and your beliefs,” she wrote at the time. “Your vote in this election may be one of the most important things you ever do.”
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.