Email address: 
		



Email address: 
		


Charli xcx, Chappell Roan and Sabrina Carpenter are by no means newcomers to the music scene, so why did these seasoned musicians just recently achieve superstardom?
To put it simply, pop music wasn’t ready for them.
From Charli xcx’s eye-catching lime green album aesthetic to Chappell Roan’s camp, drag-inspired stage looks and Sabrina Carpenter’s flirty outros and ultra-feminine fashion taste, these pop stars’ allure lies within their unique personas and their refreshing approach to the genre as a whole: bold, personal and incredibly playful.
According to GQ, “Listeners have become bored of ‘intimacy’ and ‘authenticity’ being prized — especially when all it amounted to was hushed vocals, acoustic guitars and muted colour palettes. This trio have colour, camp and thumping beats in abundance; no wonder they’re suddenly doing well.”
With songs as raw as they are raunchy, these artists demonstrate that vulnerability doesn’t have to come at the expense of irresistibly catchy choruses, high-energy beats or individualistic flair. They brilliantly blend all three to create deeply introspective, earworm-inducing tunes that bring the fun back to pop as well as give intimate reflections on womanhood. 
Charli xcx
The 32-year-old British pop star electronically delves into themes of existentialism, complicated friendships and self-consciousness in her highly-praised sixth studio album, “BRAT.” The overwhelming success of the album resulted in a remix album, “Brat and it’s completely different but also still brat,” set to release on October 11. 
Although Charli xcx had gained worldwide recognition for her features on Iggy Azalea’s “Fancy” (2014) and Icona Pop’s song “I Love It,” (2012) she wouldn’t become a household name in the United States until just this year.
In an interview with GQ, Charli xcx expressed she struggled with prioritizing her artistry over her fame, acknowledging that she had to come to terms with the fact that her music didn’t reflect mainstream pop.
“I’m constantly going back and forth in my conflict around fame and what constitutes success,” she says. “This new music is not going to be played in Starbucks. It’s not going to be played on the Zen Morning playlist. It’s pop music and I’m being true to myself. But I also know that if I chose a slightly different, maybe more palatable path, I do have the skills as a songwriter to write big Top 40 pop hits,” she said.
Charli xcx delivers straightforward lyrics in several of her songs. Some of her most piercing words are felt in “Sympathy is a knife.”
“Why I wanna buy a gun? / Why I wanna shoot myself? / Volatile at war with my dialogue.”
She vulnerably cuts through her ultra-confident facade, revealing beneath it all that she’s riddled with self-doubt and intrusive thoughts, a feeling that resonates with her primarily women and LGBTQIA+ fanbase. Double-edged sentiments from another girl, who some speculate to be Taylor Swift, twist the knife even deeper into her self-image, as she struggles to separate genuine feedback from insincere flattery. 
Fans have pointed out that a particular line could allude to Swift’s alleged relationship with Matty Healy, The 1975 lead singer who is bandmates with xcx’s fiancé George Daniel. 
“Don’t wanna see her backstage at my boyfriend’s show / Fingers crossed behind my back, I hope they break up quick.”
Her monotone auto-tuned voice against the coursing sonic beats creates tension, an effect that mirrors the singer’s strained friendship and eventually builds up and explodes all over the chorus. The drastic difference between the two only heightens her own insecurities.
“‘Cause I couldn’t even be her if I tried / I’m opposite, I’m on the other side.”
Her unfiltered thoughts are masked by the album’s upbeat tempo — a creative choice that’s both entertaining and reflective of her public persona. Charli xcx stays true to her techno-pop roots but delivers lyrics with more authenticity than ever before. 
Chappell Roan
The 26-year-old sensation from the Midwest shot to fame when she performed her hit single “Good Luck, Babe!” at this year’s Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival.
Her dreamy, melodic voice and equally mesmerizing stage presence beautifully, but hauntingly tell the story of Roan’s past romantic relationship with a woman. Her ex’s hesitance to recognize her queerness resulted in the relationship’s end — an experience that heavily resonates with many who are part of the LGBTQIA+ community.
The sweeping praise for her performance skyrocketed her album, “The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess,” (2023) to the No. 2 spot on Billboard’s Albums chart in August. Despite her otherworldly talent and almost decade-long experience in the industry, Roan surprisingly didn’t reach mainstream success until earlier this year. In fact, she signed with Atlantic Records at the age of 17 but was later dropped from her label. 
After experiencing such a major setback, Roan considered giving up on music altogether if she didn’t find success within a year. Music producer Daniel Nigro — who worked on Olivia Rodrigo’s “Sour” (2021) — helped guide Roan towards finding her new music direction, leading to the creation of “The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess.”
The sexually-charged, eighties-inspired synth-pop album merges melancholic sapphic ballads with electrifying queer anthems, creating a listening experience that’s as wickedly satisfying as it is gut-wrenching. Roan’s identity and experiences as a queer woman serve as the cornerstone for her album.
Roan skillfully employs X-rated lyrics in her song “Casual” for more than just their shock value.
The juxtaposition of sexually graphic flashbacks with intimate memories of her past love masterfully underscores Roan’s frustration over the ill-defined relationship.
“Knee deep in the passenger seat, and you’re eating me out / Is it casual now?”
The intensity of her self-resentment painfully echoes in the outro resembling an emotional outburst. In the last lines, she repeats the word “hate” to convey the fervor of her feelings and stress its long-lasting impact on her life.
“Bragging to your friends I get off when you hit it / I hate to tell the truth, but I’m sorry, dude, you didn’t / I hate that I let this drag on so long, now I hate myself / I hate that I let this drag on so long / you can go to h***.”
This is just one of the many examples of Roan showcasing her dynamic musical ability and it’s wildly refreshing to see.
Sabrina Carpenter
At just 25 years old, Carpenter has completely dominated the charts with songs from her newest album, “Short n’ Sweet.” All the songs on the album have landed on Billboard’s Hot 100, with “Please Please Please” taking over the number one position and “Taste” following at number two.
Carpenter effortlessly fuses her flirtatious, tongue-in-cheek humor with peppy choruses that are bound to play in your head well after they’re done. Her silly, improvised outros for her song “Nonsense” (2022) during her time as an opener on The Eras Tour went viral on social media for their clever wordplay and blatant horniness.
Her soft, euphonic deliveries and bubbly personality can make it seem as if the star has only experienced romantic bliss, but that statement couldn’t be farther from the truth.
To those who don’t know Carpenter’s relationship history, the star appears to have done nothing groundbreaking by releasing a romance album. But when one takes into account the heaps of death threats hurled at her for her rumored previous relationship with Joshua Bassett, they can start to admire her astonishing audacity to even talk about her love life, let alone create an album about it.
Carpenter powerfully claps back at slut-shaming culture in a way that’s both excitingly carefree and extremely catchy, by tackling the themes of heartache, budding relationships and betrayal in her newest album.
In “Please Please Please,” she lightheartedly references her past failed relationships and expresses her apprehension to reveal her current relationship with actor Barry Keoghan out of fear of another public heartbreak — a fear that’s undoubtedly understandable.
“Heartbreak is one thing, my ego’s another / I beg you, don’t embarrass me, motherf******.”
Carpenter relates to the exhilarating rush of being with someone new but candidly admits to the hesitance that comes with opening yourself up to another person again. The star sympathizes with listeners who’ve had trouble with love, showing that vulnerability is a vital part of healthy relationships.
Carpenter doesn’t shy away from talking about her sexual desires; instead, she shines a spotlight on it, helping destigmatize the shame around female sexuality in her glitzy album. 
A Pop “Femininomenon” 
All three of these multi-talented musicians illustrate just how important female storytelling is. 
In an interview with The New York Times, Lisa Selin Davis, the author of “Tomboy,” explains how gendered consumer culture has led to the belief that liking “girly” things diminishes one’s self-respect and intelligence and thus sparked internalized misogyny within millions of women and girls.
“The message that girls should have access to boyhood came with a disdain for whatever’s marked as feminine. When kids say, ‘I hate pink,’ what they’re saying is, ‘I hate what’s associated with girls.’ Girls learn the gender hierarchy and start pushing this stuff away to make them seem cooler. By [six years old], they’re internalizing sexism,” Davis said.
Furthermore, upcoming Irish country-rock singer CMAT expressed in an interview with the BBC that female artists and audiences alike have always been overlooked until recently.
“Women have always been crafting stories in this funny, tragi-comic way, but the people who wanted to hear it were other women — who, up until recently, were not considered a very [desirable] market,” she said.
The tremendous billion-dollar success of last summer’s “Barbie,” (2023) movie — which contained a song by Charli xcx on the soundtrack — further proves how excited audiences are for content that speaks to the realities of being a woman. The standout singers create art that does exactly that, and listeners couldn’t be more thrilled.
By embracing their femininity and infusing their lived experiences as women into their art, the music artists demonstrate how women’s narratives can be multidimensional and have merit, regardless of the forms they take.
To keep it “Short n’ Sweet,” I think we’re finally ready for unapologetic female artists who are unafraid to let their womanhood take center stage.
Your donation will support the student journalists of Stony Brook University. Your contribution will allow us to purchase equipment and cover our annual website hosting costs.
 Cancel reply
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email *