The "Good Luck, Babe!" singer is currently on the Midwest Princess Tour.

													By
												

	Latifah Muhammad


	All products and services featured are independently chosen by editors. However, Billboard may receive a commission on orders placed through its retail links, and the retailer may receive certain auditable data for accounting purposes.

Chappell Roan’s tour glam includes a $15 eyeshadow palette and viral setting powder from the LGBTQ-owned brand KimChi Chic Beauty.

	Roan’s makeup artist, Ali Scharf, shared details on the “Good Luck, Babe!” singer’s tour glam, which incorporates KimChi’s Sapphire Jewel Collection. 

	The eyeshadow palette is made up of nine “blendable, smooth and velvety” matte and glitter shades available in sapphire, ruby, emerald and diamond. 




			Trending on Billboard		








	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					This $18 Fridge Magnet Can Be Personalized With Your Favorite Song (And Actually Play It)		
	



	05/02/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	





		Explore	

















	
		
					Chappell Roan		
					


See latest videos, charts and news



See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news
A post shared by ･ﾟ: *✧ Chappell Roan ✧*:･ﾟ (@chappellroan)

	Also on Roan’s glam list: KimChi’s The Most concealer ($12.50) and the TikTok-favorite Puff Puff Pass Set & Bake Powder ($19). 

	The beauty brand, currently offering up to 25% off for Pride Month, can be found backstage at Roan’s Midwest Princess Tour. The 26-year-old singer’s debut album, The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess, was released in 2023.

	










	Roan’s breakout single “Good Luck, Babe” debuted at No. 77 on the Billboard Hot 100 and rises to No. 16 on this week’s charts.

	With show-stopping performances at Governors Ball and on the The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon, opening for Olivia Rodrigo on the Guts tour and a co-sign from Elton John, Roan’s star shows no signs of slowing down.

	The Midwest Princess Tour stops in Seattle Washington on July 19 and the Lollapalooza after party in Chicago on July 31. Roan is scheduled to take the stage at several summer music festivals including Lollapalooza, Hinterland Music Festival, Outside Lands and All Things Go Festival. The tour heads to Europe in September.

	Want to see her live? Tickets to the tour are available at StubHub, Vivid Seats,  Seat Geek and Ticketmaster.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.