Advertisement
By Rebecca KatzmanDec. 27, 2024
A 2024 trivia challenge you’ll need Gen Alpha’s help to beat
The New York Times for Kids
Too Old to Ace This Year-End Quiz? Ask a Kid for Help.
By Rebecca KatzmanIllustrations by Gabe Schneider
Everyone knows that adults pay more attention to what’s going on in the world than kids, right? Maybe. But maybe not! In this year-end trivia challenge from The New York Times for Kids, you’ll find questions about some of 2024’s biggest moments in pop culture, politics, science, sports and more. Sure, you could try to take it on your own. But if you really want to ace it, you’re probably going to need to enlist help from a kid or teenager in your life.
So grab a Gen Alpha friend or family member and work together and see if you can answer all the questions correctly — and maybe even impress each other with your knowledge of everything that happened this year.
A version of this article appears in the Games Issue of The New York Times for Kids, on newsstands Dec. 29. Find the section in The New York Times Store and in your paper on the last Sunday of every month.
In October, for the first time in history, a father-son duo hit the court together in an N.B.A. game. Who were they?
Carmelo and Kiyan Anthony
Peja and Andrej Stojakovic
Shaquille and Shaqir O’Neal
LeBron and Bronny James
This fall, Walmart, Amazon and Target started selling Cameraman, TV Woman and Chief Scientist toys. They are characters from what internet series?
“Skibidi Toilet”
“Drippy Bathtub”
“Mr. Beast”
“Mr. Robot”
Gov. Tim Walz of Minnesota was the Democratic vice-presidential candidate. How do you pronounce Walz?
Walls
Waltz
Wales
Wuhls
Taylor Swift released a new album in April. What’s it called?
“Eras”
“The Tortured Poets Department”
“Midnights”
“So High School”
Robert F. Kennedy Jr., who ran for president in this year’s election, has said he once had a  in his brain.
Clot
Tumor
Worm
Bubble
Finish this phrase, using Dictionary.com’s word of the year: “Very , very mindful.”
Sigma
Rizz
Demure
Preppy
A piece of fruit duct-taped to a wall sold for $6.2 million at an art auction in November. What was it?
An apple
A kiwi
A tomato
A banana
Dress to Impress exploded in popularity this year. It’s a game-within-a-game in ...
Roblox
Fortnite
Minecraft
Mario Kart
A gigantic I.T. outage in July created chaos at airports, hospitals and businesses around the world. What caused it?
A cyberattack
A bug in Apple Pay
A raccoon in a server
A faulty CrowdStrike software update
Teens and tweens flocked to stores this year to buy Brazilian Bum Bum Cream, which is ...
A diaper-rash ointment
A paste made from the bum bum tree
A scented lotion
A ‘‘dirty soda’’ ingredient
Which 2024 Olympic sport did the athlete Rachel Gunn (a.k.a. Raygun) compete in?
Thumb war
Artistic swimming
Breaking
Trampolining
Moo Deng stole the global spotlight this year. What kind of sassy animal is she?
A black rhino
A pygmy hippo
A Komodo dragon
A baby panda
Which of these colors is brat?
Violet
Aqua
Lime green
Magenta
In April, parts of North America saw an eclipse. What kind of eclipse was it?
Total lunar
Partial lunar
Total solar
Partial solar
Who was the W.N.B.A.’s rookie of the year (and Time magazine’s athlete of the year)?
Angel Reese
Aliyah Boston
A’ja Wilson
Caitlin Clark
‘‘Inside Out 2’’ was the biggest animated movie of the year. It also became the highest-grossing animated movie of all time. Which of these was NOT a character in it?
Joy
Ennui
Rage
Anxiety
In June, China became the first country to retrieve rocks from ...
Mars
The rings of Jupiter
The rings of Saturn
The far side of the moon
People showing off their big collections of colognes on TikTok this year were doing what?
Colognizing
Smellmaxxing
Scentmarking
Stinkmasking
In January, a door plug flew off what type of vehicle?
SpaceX rocket
Boeing 737 Max plane
Black Hawk helicopter
Amtrak train
Chappell Roan’s song ‘‘Good Luck, Babe,’’ released in April, has more than one billion streams on Spotify. How do you pronounce Chappell Roan?
Shuh-PELL Ro-ANNE
SHA-pul Ro-ANNE
CHAP-el Rone
Shuh-PELL Rone
Advertisement