Camila Cabello performs "Don't Go Yet" at the MTV Video Music Awards at Barclays Center on Sunday, Sept. 12, 2021, in New York. (Photo by Charles Sykes/Invision/AP)
I'm celebrating the one-year anniversary of Sounds Good this week by highlighting my favorite type of song: the opener. 
Like a great movie, a great album has to set the tone with its first track. Sometimes, the album isn't even all that good, but the first song is good enough to make the taste a little sweeter. 
My favorite albums of all-time all have one thing in common, and it's a perfect first track.
Some of them are set-up songs that lay out the themes of a record without overshadowing the hotter singles coming up — think the title track on "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band" — while others slap you in the face, like "Let's Go Crazy" on "Purple Rain."
Either way, that first note is always the most important. 
Quad-City Times Reporter Gannon Hanevold
I'm thinking about this in particular this week, in part because the new self-titled Foxing album has one of this year's best openers (more on that later), but also because it's been a year since this column got its own opener. 
My first column, a sappy little thing about rain, set a pretty reasonable tone for what to expect as a reader. 
I self-analyzed myself into oblivion. The songs were varying shades of sad. I talked a whole lot about the weather and the emotions of being in a new home. Sound on-brand? 
So this week, I thought it'd be fun to come full-circle with a list of my favorite album openers from 2024.
Not all of them are sad! We've come a long way. Thank you for reading along. 
Camila Cabello performs "Don't Go Yet" at the MTV Video Music Awards at Barclays Center on Sunday, Sept. 12, 2021, in New York. (Photo by Charles Sykes/Invision/AP)
Like I said, sometimes an album is bad, but the opening song is good. That's the situation here. I'm not a fan of this new Camila Cabello record "C, XOXO." Most of it comes off as stale, trend-hopping hyperpop cosplay. But wow, does it open with some heat.
Short of Charli XCX and Chappell Roan, "I LUV IT" may be my favorite pop song of 2024. Its production is galactic. The edges of the panning synth lead melody are lined with margarita sugar crystals. Cabello's voice is straight citrus. The hollow lyrics, the unserious ad-libs, the audaciously repetitive "ILUVITILUVITILUVIT" hook, Playboi Carti slurring through an unintelligible verse — it's all so ridiculous it works. I'm sorry. 
Boundary-pushing emo band Foxing is the inspiration behind me writing this column in the first place. Their latest opener, "Secret History," opens with a sort of alt-rock lullaby. Vocalist Conor Murphy's voice skips in and out like a radio searching for a signal, and a gentle sea of horns carries him to shore. 
"Make your mother proud, you've got to," he sings. 
And then, all of a sudden —
Actually, I'm going to treat it like an M. Night Shyamalan movie and not give away the ending. Just know I picked my jaw off the sidewalk on first listen. This is a song I'll still be thinking about 10 and 20 years from now.
Do you know how much gall it takes to open an album with a six-minute, knife-twisting piano ballad about losing a dog, getting older and never feeling like you're truly at home? It took roughly three verses of "Real House" for Big Thief songwriter Adrianne Lenker to cement her latest solo release "Bright Future" as a modern indie classic. 
"When I was 7, I saw the first film that made me scared," she sings. "And I thought of this whole world ending / I thought of dying unprepared." 
"Real House" is a warning for the crushing blows to come on the rest of the record. It steals the tears before you can shed them. That's a kind courtesy. Thank you, Adrianne. 
"I Promise I'm Having Fun," the new record from Midwest indie band Motel Breakfast is full of dynamic, Gang of Youths-esque alt-rock triumphs.
The group delivers revelations and catharsis with ease, so album opener "The Call" is a perfect thesis statement. It's dense enough to be an album-length story of its own, starting with a simple piano singalong and eventually bursting into a bouncy, bluesy jam. 
"The Call" is a lyrical middle finger to the apathy of fate. What are you waiting for? The call is coming from within. It's hard to hear, sure, but it's quite easy to listen to over all this beautiful instrumentation. 
Country singer Waxahatchee performs at Riot Fest in Chicago, on Sept. 21, 2024.
I treated myself this weekend to a little solo vacation to Chicago, in order to see the Saturday lineup of Riot Fest. I'd already seen many bands on the bill before — Taking Back Sunday, Manchester Orchestra, Liquid Mike — but my personal main event was indie-country icon Waxahatchee, someone I hadn't yet seen but have been dying to for a while.
Her setlist was magic and began with "3 Sisters," a perfect tone-setter for both the show and Waxahatchee's most recent release "Tigers Blood." 
"It always mystifies me," she sings on the final verse. "The time passing covers you like a friend." 
It was the kind of performance that made this twangy indie music-lover soar. Waxahatchee was backed by drummer Spencer Tweedy, the son of Wilco songwriter Jeff Tweedy — later in the set, she paid tribute to Bright Eyes frontman Conor Oberst by performing her MJ Lenderman duet "Right Back To It."
That's a sentence you could put on my headstone.
This music column is officially celebrating its one-year anniversary this week, which means that there's now the threat of On This Daytrotter duplicates. 
I'm staying savvy though, because instead of picking the Circa Survive Daytrotter session — featured in the very first iteration of this column — I'm going with beloved Chicago indie act Advance Base. 
The session opens with the devastating "The Sister You Never Had," a song about being far from home and farther from comfort. In it, the seasons are a reminder that everything is changing. It's hard to keep up. It would have been a perfect fit for the "fall songs" column I wrote a few weeks ago. 
"Fifteen years later, you live on an island, but you've got your telephone calls," sings vocalist Owen Ashworth. 
This session isn't all bleak, though. There's "Puppy," a tribute to love itself and the alarming power we have to crush it. There's also its fitting pet pair, "Our Cat," about taking solace in the optimism discovered on a search for a lost kitten.
Ashworth is a storytelling savant, able to spin any old tale into one you'll remember for a while.
His songs, akin to lyricists like Daniel Johnston or Phil Elverum, feel like they're coming straight from the air. Their observations are certainties. They're exacting and obvious, in a way that's sort of comforting. A boat will float, oxygen is good for us, you should drink some water. And I'm sure glad that sweet cat made it home safe. 
British experimental electronic artist Lolina will play at Rozz-Tox on Saturday. The show starts at 8 p.m. Tickets are $15 in advance, or $20 at the door with cash.
Lolina put out one of this year's most innovative albums with "Unrecognisable." It's a sci-fi concept album that doubles as an interactive online graphic novel, complete with clickable prompts so readers can create their own music. 
It's incredibly visually appealing, and I'll always give props to someone blending mediums to make the imprint of their art even larger.
I'm curious to see what Lolina can do with a stage as her canvas. Rozz-Tox couldn't be a better easel.
Chappell Roan, center, performs "Good Luck, Babe" during the MTV Video Music Awards on Wednesday, Sept. 11, 2024, at UBS Arena in Elmont, N.Y. (Photo by Charles Sykes/Invision/AP)
Chappell Roan, center, performs "Good Luck, Babe" during the MTV Video Music Awards on Wednesday, Sept. 11, 2024, at UBS Arena in Elmont, N.Y. (Photo by Charles Sykes/Invision/AP)
Sabrina Carpenter accepts the award for song of the year for "Espresso" during the MTV Video Music Awards on Wednesday, Sept. 11, 2024, at UBS Arena in Elmont, N.Y. Miranda Lambert looks on from rear of stage.(Photo by Charles Sykes/Invision/AP)
Taylor Swift, center, and Post Malone, third from back left, accept the video of the year award for "Fortnight" during the MTV Video Music Awards on Wednesday, Sept. 11, 2024, at UBS Arena in Elmont, N.Y. Host Megan Thee Stallion, from far left back, Rodrigo Prieto, and Ethan Tobman, far right, look on. (Photo by Charles Sykes/Invision/AP)
Sabrina Carpenter performs "Please Please Please" during the MTV Video Music Awards on Wednesday, Sept. 11, 2024, at UBS Arena in Elmont, N.Y. (Photo by Charles Sykes/Invision/AP)
Katy Perry performs during the MTV Video Music Awards on Wednesday, Sept. 11, 2024, at UBS Arena in Elmont, N.Y. (Photo by Charles Sykes/Invision/AP)
Sabrina Carpenter arrives at the MTV Video Music Awards on Wednesday, Sept. 11, 2024, at UBS Arena in Elmont, N.Y. (Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP)
Sabrina Carpenter arrives at the MTV Video Music Awards on Wednesday, Sept. 11, 2024, at UBS Arena in Elmont, N.Y. (Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP)
Chappell Roan arrives at the MTV Video Music Awards on Wednesday, Sept. 11, 2024, at UBS Arena in Elmont, N.Y. (Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP)
Chappell Roan arrives at the MTV Video Music Awards on Wednesday, Sept. 11, 2024, at UBS Arena in Elmont, N.Y. (Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP)
Chappell Roan performs "Good Luck, Babe" during the MTV Video Music Awards on Wednesday, Sept. 11, 2024, at UBS Arena in Elmont, N.Y. (Photo by Charles Sykes/Invision/AP)
Chappell Roan, center, performs "Good Luck, Babe" during the MTV Video Music Awards on Wednesday, Sept. 11, 2024, at UBS Arena in Elmont, N.Y. (Photo by Charles Sykes/Invision/AP)
Chappell Roan performs "Good Luck, Babe" during the MTV Video Music Awards on Wednesday, Sept. 11, 2024, at UBS Arena in Elmont, N.Y. (Photo by Charles Sykes/Invision/AP)
Taylor Swift accepts the video of the year award for "Fortnight" during the MTV Video Music Awards on Wednesday, Sept. 11, 2024, at UBS Arena in Elmont, N.Y. Megan Thee Stallion looks on from left. (Photo by Charles Sykes/Invision/AP)
Taylor Swift, left, accepts the video of the year for "Fortnight" from Megan Thee Stallion during the MTV Video Music Awards on Wednesday, Sept. 11, 2024, at UBS Arena in Elmont, N.Y. (Photo by Charles Sykes/Invision/AP)
Flavor Flav, left, and Jordan Chiles present the award for best collaboration during the MTV Video Music Awards on Wednesday, Sept. 11, 2024, at UBS Arena in Elmont, N.Y. (Photo by Charles Sykes/Invision/AP)
LISA performs during the MTV Video Music Awards on Wednesday, Sept. 11, 2024, at UBS Arena in Elmont, N.Y. (Photo by Charles Sykes/Invision/AP)
Taylor Swift, center, and Post Malone, far right, accept the award for best collaboration for "Fortnight" during the MTV Video Music Awards on Wednesday, Sept. 11, 2024, at UBS Arena in Elmont, N.Y. (Photo by Charles Sykes/Invision/AP)
Sabrina Carpenter performs "Please Please Please" during the MTV Video Music Awards on Wednesday, Sept. 11, 2024, at UBS Arena in Elmont, N.Y. (Photo by Charles Sykes/Invision/AP)
Sabrina Carpenter performs "Espresso" during the MTV Video Music Awards on Wednesday, Sept. 11, 2024, at UBS Arena in Elmont, N.Y. (Photo by Charles Sykes/Invision/AP)
Orlando Bloom, left, kisses Katy Perry as he presents the video vanguard award to her during the MTV Video Music Awards on Wednesday, Sept. 11, 2024, at UBS Arena in Elmont, N.Y. (Photo by Charles Sykes/Invision/AP)
Orlando Bloom, left, and Katy Perry with the video vanguard award during the MTV Video Music Awards on Wednesday, Sept. 11, 2024, at UBS Arena in Elmont, N.Y. (Photo by Charles Sykes/Invision/AP)
Katy Perry, left, and Orlando Bloom arrive at the MTV Video Music Awards on Wednesday, Sept. 11, 2024, at UBS Arena in Elmont, N.Y. (Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP)
Taylor Swift arrives at the MTV Video Music Awards on Wednesday, Sept. 11, 2024, at UBS Arena in Elmont, N.Y. (Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP)
Taylor Swift arrives at the MTV Video Music Awards on Wednesday, Sept. 11, 2024, at UBS Arena in Elmont, N.Y. (Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP)
Eminem performs "Houdini" during the MTV Video Music Awards on Wednesday, Sept. 11, 2024, at UBS Arena in Elmont, N.Y. (Photo by Charles Sykes/Invision/AP)
Host Megan Thee Stallion speaks during the MTV Video Music Awards on Wednesday, Sept. 11, 2024, at UBS Arena in Elmont, N.Y. (Photo by Charles Sykes/Invision/AP)
Taylor Swift, center, and Post Malone embrace as they accept the award for best collaboration for "Fortnight" during the MTV Video Music Awards on Wednesday, Sept. 11, 2024, at UBS Arena in Elmont, N.Y. Jordan Chiles, far left, and Flava Flav look on.(Photo by Charles Sykes/Invision/AP)
Post Malone, left, and Taylor Swift accept the award for best collaboration for "Fortnight"during the MTV Video Music Awards on Wednesday, Sept. 11, 2024, at UBS Arena in Elmont, N.Y. Jordan Chiles, back left, and Flava Flav look on.(Photo by Charles Sykes/Invision/AP)
Receive the latest in local entertainment news in your inbox weekly!
Entertainment Reporter
More than 2,400 people attended Bob Dylan’s Davenport concert on Tuesday. At times, Dylan performed unintelligibly and with his back to the st…
Last week, fans voted for Wolfskill & The Wild to win a statewide “Battle of the Bands” competition, earning the duo a spot performing at …
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Sign up with
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Sign in with
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.