The singer performed a new song and a dramatic makeup look you can recreate.

													By
												

	Rylee Johnston


	All products and services featured are independently chosen by editors. However, Billboard may receive a commission on orders placed through its retail links, and the retailer may receive certain auditable data for accounting purposes.

	Chappell Roan was feeling generous on Saturday (Nov. 2) during her first ever appearance on Saturday Night Live as a musical guest. The 26-year-old made sure her time on SNL‘s stage would go down in history, as she debuted a brand new song titled “The Giver.” Instead of the classic pop sound fans become used to, the “Hot to Go” singer dipped into country and made sure her makeup reflected the shift in sound.





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					This $18 Fridge Magnet Can Be Personalized With Your Favorite Song (And Actually Play It)		
	



	05/02/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	





		Explore	

















	
		
					Chappell Roan		
					


See latest videos, charts and news



See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	Viewers were treated to awe-worthy outfits including a leather pink and white gingham two-piece with purple bows and matching boots, as well as a dramatic makeup look that featured a full face of MAC Cosmetics — including the beauty brand’s cult-favorite mascara. Through a partnership with the beauty brand, Roan was made up complete with MAC products in addition to their bestselling mascara.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	Her sound may have shifted in the new song, but Roan made sure to maintain her bold drag-inspired makeup. In addition to incorporating vibrant hues of hot pink blush and exaggerated cut creases, the “Good Luck, Babe!” singer topped off here eye look with rhinestones to bring the shimmer, while MAC’s top-rated mascara brought volume and lift to her lashes.

	You can recreate her SNL look with the exact products listed below.

		Bring the drama to your lashes with MAC’s bestselling mascara, which is on sale for up to 30% off. It’s made with a clump-resistant formula for letting you layer as needed, while the slim handle includes a brush with tiny bristles to help separate and lift your lashes with ease. 	

		To recreate the “Pink Pony Club” singer’s lip look, you’ll need two shades of MAC’s popular lipstick: Popstar Pink and Rebel. The darker of the shades is used to outline the lips, featuring a creamy texture that’ll add moisture and pigment without drying out lips. To complete the lip look, fill in your lips with the bright pink hue.	

MAC’s matte eyeshadow in Darkroom will help you turn heads thanks to its deep purple color. You can use the makeup wet or dry depending on the look you’re going for, and it will deliver deep, pigmented shades for your most glam look.	

		Define and shape your eyes with the help of this black Paint Pot from MAC. With its creamy texture, this eyeshadow can be used atop your lids or as an eyeliner for a long-lasting appearance. Once dried, it will provide a more vibrant depth to your face, whether you’re going for dramatic or elegant.	

		As you top off you makeup, don’t forget to incorporate this hot pink blush if you hope to embody Roan’s look. The blush aims to be a 3-in-1 formula bringing the smoothness of cream, blendability of a liquid formula and finish of a powder, according to the description. 	

		Before setting your brush down for good, you’ll need to mix in this lighter pink blush for the full effect. While it aims to easily glide onto your skin, the brand also claims that it will feel like a “second skin” — it’s that lightweight.	

	Roan isn’t the first star to partner with MAC. The makeup brand has put out a variety of products celebs love, including Kim Petra, Teyana Taylor and Rosalía.

	For more product recommendations, check out ShopBillboard‘s roundups of the best setting spray, press-on nails and travel-friendly beauty products.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.