By continuing to use our site, you agree to our Private Policy and Terms of Use.
Lady Gaga, Chappell Roan appear on Carpool Karaoke Christmas special
(L-R) Lady Gaga; Chappell Roan on 'A Carpool Karaoke Christmas' special on Apple TV+.
This holiday special also features Chappell Roan's father crying over the importance of "Pink Pony Club" to her fans.
James Corden has passed the carpool karaoke baton to Apple Music's Zane Lowe for a new holiday special! 
A Carpool Karaoke Christmas premiered on both Apple TV+ and Apple Music this Monday, December 16, boasting appearances from none other than Mother Monster herself Lady Gaga, pop hitmaker Dua Lipa, and Best New Artist Grammy-nominee Chappell Roan. Lowe chats with the stars, their families, and sings along to their beloved tunes, of course!
We even get a couple of holiday surprises as well, like Lady Gaga singing a cover of "Santa Claus Is Comin' to Town."
"I'm delighted Carpool Karaoke is back to celebrate the holidays in true style," Corden wrote in a statement. "I've entrusted Apple Music's very own, the brilliant Zane Lowe, to drive our superstars to work and reminded him it's so important to keep his eyes open while he sings. We can't wait for everyone to see it." 
"This was hands-down the most fun I have ever had in a car," Lowe added. "I'm very grateful to James for trusting me behind the wheel of a very expensive car with three of music's most exciting artists and I'm honored to be part of bringing this special A Carpool Karaoke Christmas to fans all over the world."
Even though this holiday special has just been released, certain moments are already going viral. For instance, Roan's family joins in on the carpool and her father, Dwight Amstutz, who starts crying after they sing "Pink Pony Club."
"What she stands for is a lot of hope," reflects Amstutz. "But what she has taught me as a father is respect for other people and all people. And that’s what I want people to understand. Everything that is about her is about loving everybody. She has taught me that."
Gaga, Chappell, and Dua — an iconic trio to add more excitement to this holiday season!
Watch the trailer for A Carpool Karaoke Christmas — hosted by Zane Lowe; featuring Chappell Roan, Lady Gaga, and Dua Lipa — which is now streaming on Apple TV+ and Apple Music.
Taylor Henderson is a pop culture nerd. Lives for drama. Obsessed with Beyonce's womb. Tweets way too much.
Taylor Henderson is a pop culture nerd. Lives for drama. Obsessed with Beyonce's womb. Tweets way too much.