Photo: Getty Images
2024 has been a "crazy" year for Chappell Roan. 
The rising star skyrocketed to fame this spring following the release of smash hit, "Good Luck, Babe!" and never looked back, per The Hollywood Reporter. Despite such a rapid jump to the top of the charts, Roan has been making music for many years, and released her debut album, The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess, in 2023 after pouring her heart and soul into the track list for five years. 
"It just took a lot of years to convince people. I had no money. I had no numbers backing me up. I had an EP that did not do well by the music standards. I had toured, but no headlines. There was nothing backing me up."
Everything clicked for the 26-year-old hitmaker in 2020 upon releasing "Pink Pony Club," (a single that spent multiple weeks on the Billboard Hot 100 chart in July 2024) which taught her to take herself less seriously. 
"I wore only black on stage. It was very serious. The second that I took myself not seriously is when things started working." The "Red Wine Supernova" standout performed in front of a massive crowd at both Coachella and Lollapalooza this year and her career has grown exponentially since. 
Roan opened up to Brandi Carlile during an interview at the Grammy Museum on Thursday (November 8), candidly sharing that she has yet to figure out a good mental health routine amid the newfound recognition and that "Chappell Roan" is a character she plays on stage to create separation between her personal and professional lives. 
The "Femininomenon" songstress continues to breathe life into her creative visions, and even gave fans a taste of a new country song titled "The Giver" during last Saturday's (November 2) SNL appearance, assuring that the "queer country anthem" would be released soon enough. 
"It'll come out. It’ll come out, don’t worry. I got to bring what I knew to the table 'cause I’m a country girl."
Fans can listen to everything Chappell Roan on iHeartRadio now as they prepare for the release of the highly-anticipated track!