Despite nabbing four nominations at the 2024 MTV VMAs, Billie Eilish opted to skip the ceremony—but it turns out she had a very good reason.
Don’t call Billie Eilish the bad guy for skipping the 2024 MTV Video Music Awards.
The singer was among the most-nominated artists at the Sept. 11 ceremony—which featured electrifying performances from the likes of Sabrina Carpenter, Shawn Mendes, Chappell Roan, Eminem and host Megan Thee Stallion—but she was noticeably absent from the festivities.
So, why the no-show? “With her world tour starting in two weeks,” an industry source told E! News Sept. 12, “she was deep in preparation for that.”
While Billie had to sit out the VMAs, there was no shortage of star power in New York’s UBS Arena as Taylor Swift dominated the night with seven wins, including Video of the Year. Katy Perry also created a perfect storm with a career-spanning performance, before longtime love Orlando Bloom presented her with the Video Vanguard award.
As for Billie, she’s set to hit the road in support of her third studio album, Hit Me Hard and Soft, with a tour of the same name kicking off Sept. 29 in Quebec City, Canada. From there, she’ll trek across North America through Dec. 17, before heading down under for Australian dates in February and March. After that, she’ll take the tour to Sweden in April and continue to play shows across Europe through July.
The 22-year-old hitmaker scored two VMA nominations in the Song of the Summer category—one for her hit “Birds of a Feather” and another for “Guess,” her collab with Charli XCX—as well as a nod for Video of the Year for “Lunch.” Despite missing the event, she did come away with the Video for Good award for her 2023 Barbie soundtrack single, “What Was I Made For?,” which also took home the 2024 Academy Award for Best Original Song.
Keep reading to see all the 2024 MTV VMA red carpet fashion that had everyone’s heads turning.
Addison Rae
In Miss Claire Sullivan
Taylor Swift
In Christian Dior
Megan Thee Stallion
In Nicole + Felicia
Katy Perry
In Who Decides War
Lil Nas X
Sabrina Carpenter
In vintage Bob Mackie
Megan Thee Stallion
Camila Cabello
In Tony Ward
Halle Bailey
In Sophie Couture
Chappell Roan
In Y/Project
Paris Hilton
In Celia Kritharioti
Shawn Mendes
In Dolce & Gabbana
Halsey
In vintage Versace
Miranda Lambert
Coco Jones
In Lever Couture and Jared Atelier jewelry
Lisa
In Mugler
Lenny Kravitz
Colton Haynes
Karol G
In Véronique Leroy
Anitta
In Dolce & Gabbana
Tinashe
In Rick Owens
Alessandra Ambosio
Rauw Alejandro
In Saint Laurent
Tyler Posey
Big Sean
GloRilla
Chanel West Coast
Lauren Sorrentino & Mike "The Situation" Sorrentino
Tyla
In Area 
Jordan Chiles
In Off-White
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.