Roan revealed that the singer spoke to her after her Lollapalooza set and shared that "It felt like a big sister was helping me through it"
Chappell Roan has praised Kesha for championing women within the music industry and opened up about the support she received from the singer.
The ‘Casual’ singer spoke to Elle as part of Kesha’s October cover story with the outlet and discussed how the ‘TiK ToK’ singer took the time to support her following her performance at this year’s edition of Lollapalooza back in August.
While it is impossible to confirm the exact number of people who caught Roan’s set at Grant Park, a spokesperson for Lollapalooza confirmed to CNN that her set was “the biggest daytime set we’ve ever seen. It was a magical moment added to Lolla’s DNA.”
“Kesha was so lovely to me after my Lollapalooza set,” Roan told the publication, adding: “Because with that huge of a crowd, maybe only five other people there understood what that’s like. Kesha came to talk to me after, and it felt like a big sister was helping me through it.”
A post shared by ･ﾟ: *✧ Chappell Roan ✧*:･ﾟ (@chappellroan)
Opening up about the ‘We R Who We R’ singer’s resurgence, Roan shared that both her and fellow pop singer Renée Rapp were emotional over it.
“Me and Reneé were crying because we felt like we were seen in a way we never had been before,” she shared. “Kesha has always stood up for women and what she believes in, and that’s very inspiring.”
In other news, Billie Eilish recently opened up about the success of her pop peers including Roan and shared: “I’m so happy for these bitches. It’s a crazy world when you get to the level they’re experiencing right now, and they’re doing great. Fans are drawn to them because they’re fucking awesome.”
Elsewhere, Mariah Carey recently commented on the ‘Red Wine Supernova’ singer’s experience of fame, admitting there are times when it’s “not fun”.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.