UPDATE: Chappell Roan did not disappoint in her highly-anticipated MTV VMAs performance. If you are looking waiting to watch the performance on the west coast broadcast, it will occur at around 9:20 p.m. PT when she takes the stage to perform. However, her appearance is already on the MTV YouTube account where you can watch it now, or press play on the video below.
SPOILER ALERT: If you don’t want to spoil the surprise of watching Chappell Roan perform “Good Luck, Babe!” during the MTV Video Music Awards, leave this post now. Otherwise, press play on the video below and enjoy her armor-clad, Joan of Arc-inspired performance now:
PREVIOUSLY:
Chappell Roan, a rising global pop superstar, has become a sensation in just a matter of months. Tonight, she is likely to see another huge boost to her profile when she takes the stage to perform at the 2024 MTV Video Music Awards. The Annual VMAs awards show begins at 5 p.m. PT/8 p.m. ET on Wednesday, September 11 with a live broadcast on MTV and is also available streaming on demand shortly after the show airs.
The VMAs awards show begins at 8 p.m. PT/ET, and it’s a safe bet that Chappell Roan will perform somewhere in the middle, or towards the end, of the three hour show. There is no official schedule for the MTV VMAs that lists when the artists are performing, but they have listed many of the heralded performers (more on that below), including Chappell Roan, who are headlining the live musical performances at this year’s event. There may be other performers to surprise the crowd, and viewers at home! Be sure to check the full list of performers for more detail.
A massive draw at music festivals over the summer, Chappell Roan has become a star seemingly overnight, but her career has been building for quite some time. She has gone viral on TikTok and Instagram for videos of her performances that have drawn thousands of fans. Those tweets, videos and posts showcased her recent starpower, including massive crowds of desperate fans spilling out into the streets at festivals like Lollapalooza, Bonnaroo and San Francisco’s Outside Lands music festival. The star’s opulent outfits and catchy tunes have made her a favorite of music fans, both young and old, as much of her music has been inspired by synth-pop from the 1980s and early 2000s. Originally from Missouri, Chappell Roan’s real name is Kayleigh Rose and her first self-titled EP was released under her real name when she was just 16. Now 26, it looks like the sky’s the limit for Chappell Roan’s impact in the music world.
If you want to familiarize yourself with her style and most popular songs, Chappell Roan has been lauded for her appearance on NPR’s Tiny Desk concert series. The episode provided below has become one of the most popular chapters in the series’ storied catalog after airing in March of 2024.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices