To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web
							browser that
							supports HTML5
								video
Up Next
A statue has been unveiled to celebrate the life and legacy of famous duck Long Boi who became a beloved online sensation.
Long Boi arrived at the University of York in 2019 and went viral after a social media post incorrectly described him as ‘the tallest mallard duck to have ever lived …over 1m tall’.
It was later confirmed the duck stood at around 70cm.
But in May 2023, the university said it believed Long Boi had died after he was missing for two months.
A statue to commemorate Long Boi’s ‘life and legacy’ was unveiled by Greg James on his BBC Radio 1 show on Thursday morning.
During the ceremony in the university’s Central Hall, James said: ‘Some people might not get why we are doing this today …. but silly things are important, silly things get us through the day and, look, silliness brings us together.
‘And our favourite animals get us through the day too.
a break from the regular content for this piece of pop culture #CapCut #LongBoi #UoY #UniOfYork #BBCRadio1 #GregJames #BooksOfJades @Anna Lapwood | Organist @BBC Radio 1 @Joelocke @University of York @chappell roan 
‘We love them because they show us the best of ourselves and when you get the chance to celebrate silliness and animals at the same time you have to seize it with both hands.’
The sculpture of the Indian runner mallard duck will stand near the lake at Derwent College on the campus, which was one of his favourite haunts, the university said.
It said a clay mould of the life-sized statue was hand carved by award-winning wildlife sculptor Neil Mason before it was shipped to Greece for bronze casting.
The university’s students’ union raised the money to pay for the statue, saying it would ensure Long Boi ‘remains ever present in our hearts’.
In an interview before the ceremony, University of York vice chancellor Professor Charlie Jeffery said: ‘Long Boi was such an iconic figure here, so popular with students and we’ve got an absolutely packed-out commemoration ceremony, it’s going to be brilliant.
‘I met Long Boi on a number of occasions.
‘It was quite striking how engaging and friendly he appeared … Long Boi became a symbol of community, channelling the great spirit that we have at the university.’
During the ceremony, celebrities including cricketer Jonny Bairstow, and actors Andrew Garfield and Jodi Whittaker all gave tributes to Long Boi, the university said.
The students’ union Sing Song Society sang a Long Boi version of Hot To Go by Chappell Roan, and there was a minute of quacking as the statue was unveiled.
Speaking at the ceremony, University of York art curator Helena Cox, said: ‘It is believed by myself and by this mighty institution that if you rub the beak of Long Boi, your essays will sparkle with genius, your exams shall be a breeze and luck will follow you wherever you go.
‘I hope you have a great time unveiling the sculpture today, and remember: whenever life gets difficult, go and rub that beak for good luck. You have the curator’s blessing.’
Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk.
For more stories like this, check our news page.
Arrow
MORE: Bright spark approves new single-decker buses too tall to drive under bridge
Stay on top of the headlines with daily email updates.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Your information will be used in line with our Privacy Policy
Stay on top of the headlines with daily email updates.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Your information will be used in line with our Privacy Policy