If you thought the final day of Boston Calling was crowded, you’re not alone.
Some attendees, unsatisfied with their experience on Sunday, took to social media over the weekend to call the festival out for alleged overcrowding and general concerns over safety.
Boston Calling organizers released a statement Tuesday afternoon refuting the claims, stating the attendee count was “several thousand below the official capacity rating of the site.” It said the safety of its fans, artists, guests, and staff is paramount, and the festival pledged to work with “public officials and our operations team to improve the experience, layout, and ultimately create a better environment for everyone.”
Earlier Tuesday morning, Boston Calling also denied accusations claiming it was “hiding or deleting” comments from its most recent Instagram post, claiming the Meta-owned social media platform was doing it automatically. The festival wrote “we never want to silence important feedback, especially when it comes to attendee safety,” and encouraged attendees to email the festival directly with feedback.
A post shared by Boston Calling (@bostoncalling)
Advertisement
Nearly 800 medical encounters occurred at the festival over the weekend, with 412 happening on Sunday, the final day, a Boston EMS spokesperson told Mass Live. In total, 23 people were reportedly transported to the hospital over the weekend, including 13 on Sunday.
The spokesperson also told Mass Live that heat played a “major role” in what happened, but the number of medical issues was “typical of music festival encounters.”
The final and only sold-out day of the festival boasted headliner the Killers alongside popular acts Megan Thee Stallion, Hozier, and Chappell Roan.
Advertisement
One attendee took to X to blame bottlenecks in the crowd on the popularity of the Sunday sets, saying the problem “seemed to stem from the area around the Red Stage and the ability of people to move to and from that area.”
The problems seemed to stem from the area around the Red Stage and the ability of people to move to and from that area, whether the destination/point of origin was the neighboring Green Stage, food/bar areas, porta-potties.  This was a problem only on Sunday.  At it's core, 1/2
Others compared the crowds from the final day of the festival to those at Woodstock ‘99 and rapper Travis Scott’s 2021 Astroworld Festival, where 10 people were killed in a crowd crush and hundreds more were injured.
Watching the Woodstock 99 documentary to commemorate how crazy Sunday at Boston calling was. At least I got to see Chappell roan :) at least a lot of people liked me and Emma’s Diet Coke outfits :)
I actually just saw a tiktok of someone talking about how dangerous and hot and crowded it was at boston calling and how hard it was for EMS to get to people and like… yeah i really get scared at huge shows and festivals actually!
See more social media reactions from the final day of Boston Calling below.
Megan was the best part about Boston calling. The festival was WAYYY too crowded and it was scary trying to exit after her. As someone who has been to one of the biggest music festivals in the world, Boston calling has to work on safety and crowd control.
Boston Calling was phenomenal but good lord, they over sold day 3 and didn’t have nearly enough for crowd control. Between that and how stingy they were with barricade water, I’m surprised more people didn’t end up going down.
people the sidewalk outside boston calling to watch chappell roan’sset is reminding me of SOUR tour when olivia rodrigo would play sold out venues and people would go to the parking garages to watch her… that’s world domination pop princess sister-ism fr pic.twitter.com/RH30F0mexU
tbh I enjoyed Boston calling so much it’s so weird for it to become infamous like I think they genuinely just oversell and that’s the main problem like crowd control can only do so much
Adri Pray can be reached at adri.pray@globe.com. Follow her @adriprayy.
Digital Access
Home Delivery
Gift Subscriptions
Log In
Manage My Account
Customer Service
Delivery Issues
Feedback
News Tips
Help & FAQs
Staff List
Advertise
Newsletters
View the ePaper
Order Back Issues
News in Education
Search the Archives
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Terms of Purchase
Work at Boston Globe Media
Internship Program
Co-op Program
Do Not Sell My Personal Information