If you’re here for a wise word while mulling over that Chappell Roan ticket purchase from the nice lady on Facebook – like I found myself doing last night – please stop right now. 
If you’re looking for a sign your hopeful concert ticket is fake – or just the absence of such a sign so you can convince yourself it’s legitimate – then you are probably going to get scammed. 
Listen up: the only place to buy a concert ticket without the risk of being scammed is through an official ticketing website. There’s your number one sign. 
Buying on social media is never advisable – but it’s something many desperate fans fall victim to when they are dying to get their hands on that once-in-a-lifetime experience. 
Chappell Roan’s current UK tour is a brilliant example of how vulnerable people can be to ticketing scams – and there’s a Facebook group selling Chappell tour tickets with 23,000 members likely doing just that right now. 
The Pink Pony Club hitmaker’s London dates in Brixton O2’s 5,000-person capacity venue were sold out even before she rocketed into the famous pop queen stratosphere this summer. 
So with very few tickets compared to demand, people are losing their minds trying to see her in such an intimate venue – and it will probably be the last chance they ever get. Fraudsters, in turn, are taking advantage of this heightened state. 
So Metro.co.uk has contacted the experts who are giving the hard truths you super-fans need to hear. 
Ticket scams can come up in a number of different ways. Fake social media adverts or social media posts offering tickets at discounted prices or access to sold-out events are a big red flag. 
Victims are often asked to pay upfront for tickets which end up either never turning up, or they are forged and will not work. 
Many fraudsters also take over real social media accounts to sell fake tickets to friends and family. 
James Bore, founder of Bores.com and chartered security professional with an Msc in Cybersecurity, managed to get Facebook to shut down one of these fraudulent accounts flogging fake Taylor Swift tickets, and he is still working on two others. 
To avoid your own account being hacked, James recommends social media users set up two-factor authentication on their accounts. It doesn’t guarantee safety, but does offer better protection than a single hackable password.
But also, importantly, never pay tickets to someone on social media – even if you think it’s your friend. 
‘The standard rule is “if it seems too good to be true, it is,”‘ says James. 
‘If tickets are very hard to find generally, it’s a scam. If they’re selling too cheaply (below face value) it’s a scam. 
‘If they want you to pay them through bank transfer, PayPal family and friends, or any other method that means no refund, it’s a scam. 
‘If they’re advertising it in a social media group, it’s a scam.’ 
He concludes: ‘Basically if you assume every ticket sale you see on social media is fraudulent, you won’t be far off the truth.’ 
The Complaining Cow consumer expert Helen Dewdney says there is absolutely no safe way to buy a ticket on social media, when asked about how to spot a scam on sites like Facebook. 
‘We do not want to ever give a consumer the thought there might possibly be a safe way to buy a ticket on social media,’ she said. 
‘That is exactly how a scammer works, any tiny tiny feeling that it is genuine and they are hooked.
‘You do not need tell tale signs. Selling on social media IS the tell-tale sign.’
Fake tickets come at huge cost to fans, with the latest data showing some £6.7m was lost to ticket fraud last year, with more than 8,700 cases reported, averaging out at a loss of £772 per victim.
As a former fraud investigator and product owner at Altia, Megan Searle has some clear advice to avoid becoming part of the stat.
‘Don’t let the obsession of securing a ticket cloud your judgement,’ she said, warning: ‘It’s easy to get caught up in the hype and panic when tickets sell out quickly, but that’s exactly when you’re most vulnerable to fraud.’ 
‘Check what the artist or event website says about legitimate ticket sellers,’ she advises. 
‘For example, Taylor Swift recently provided a list of verified sellers for her concerts.
‘Look for guidance from the band’s official site or from well-known platforms like Ticketmaster or Skiddle.’ 
Importantly, if you can’t get a ticket through the official site ‘don’t just jump onto social media or random websites,’ she says. 
‘You don’t know who you’re dealing with. Even if they send you what seems like a legitimate QR code, it could already be used. You could show up at the venue only to be turned away.’ 
If you buy tickets from a tout you might not be able to get your money back, unless you paid with a credit card.
If the purchase was over £100 you should be covered by Section 75A of the Consumer Credit Act 1974.
Purchases made on debit cards and below £100 are not covered. 
Chargeback – or a transaction reversal or dispute – although not part of any law, is a voluntary scheme that your card issuer may or may not allow.
Got a story?
If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.
Arrow
MORE: Iconic 70s band confirms there is ‘no dynamic ticket pricing’ on anniversary tour
Arrow
MORE: Iconic 00s rock bands join forces for UK tour after new album
Arrow
MORE: Zayn Malik announces first ever solo tour – but fans need to act quickly for tickets