By 

	Ellise Shafer


	Primavera Sound has recruited the summer’s main pop girls — Sabrina Carpenter, Charli XCX and Chappell Roan — as headliners for its 2025 edition. 

	The Barcelona-set music festival unveiled its lineup on Thursday, which also includes LCD Soundsystem, FKA Twigs, Beabadoobee, Beach House, Clairo, Denzel Curry, Floating Points, Fontaines D.C., Haim, Idles, Jamie XX, MJ Lenderman, Michael Bibi, Parcels, Paul Kalkbrenner, Sturgill Simpson, Stereolab, Spiritualized, Turnstile, TV on the Radio, Wet Leg and more.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					How the ‘Sinners’ Financing Model Offers Salvation for All Producers 		
			














	
		
					French Comedian Pierre Richard's Directorial Comeback 'The Man Who Saw the Bear' Lands at Loco Films Ahead of Cannes Tribute (EXCLUSIVE)		
			








	Beyond the rare feat of three women headliners, the rest of Primavera Sound’s 147-act lineup is also gender-balanced, which has been a staple of the fest since 2019. In a press release, Primavera called the triple threat of Carpenter, Charli and Roan “an unquestionable milestone that reinforces their status as the new faces of pop at a global level, each with their own singularities.”




			Popular on Variety		






	“Charli XCX will perform at the festival for the second year running, driven by the unstoppable ‘Brat’ phenomenon; the unique Chappell Roan, with her movie-like story, will wear her glittering Midwest princess crown; Sabrina Carpenter, the American dream made pop singer, will present the infinite charm of ‘Short n’ Sweet,'” the press release continued. “If Primavera Sound has always aimed to be the musical reflection of its time and place, the presence of these three artists at the festival is undoubtedly a goal achieved. A photograph to remember. Something to celebrate.”

	Additionally, the press release claims that LCD Soundsystem will be appearing at Primavera with a new album in tow. “Almost twenty years after giving the world this dance-rock ode to friendship, the influential band led by James Murphy will come back to the festival (and with a new album!) to make it clear that, although they are an inherent part of our best memories, their time is always now,” the release reads.

	LCD Soundsystem hasn’t released an album in seven years, with “American Dream” arriving in 2017. After wrapping an international tour earlier this year, they announced residencies at Los Angeles’ Shrine Auditorium & Expo Hall and Hollywood Palladium that kick off on Oct. 31. Last month, the group revealed plans for a New York City residency at Knockdown Center, with 12 shows scheduled across dates in Nov. and Dec.

	










	Registration is now open for the festival’s Fan Sale, with tickets available starting Oct. 28 at 11 a.m. CET. General tickets go on sale Oct. 29 at 11 a.m. CET. Register via Primavera Sound’s website. 

	Primavera Sound will take place in Barcelona, Spain from June 5 to 7. See the full lineup below.
The Business of Entertainment