FROM LEFT TO RIGHT: Mark Chipello (Partner and Head of A&R, Position Music), Sam Sklar (VP of A&R, Position Music), Maya Kurchner, RØMANS (Co-Founder, Chosen People), Doug DeLuca (Manager, Lineage Music Group) [Photo: Delia Bush]
President and CEO Tyler Bacon announced today that Maya Kurchner has signed a worldwide publishing deal with Position Music in collaboration with Chosen People. The songwriter and vocalist signed to Chosen People (founded by RØMANS and Marc Fineman) in 2020 and has collaborated with renowned acts such as Chappell Roan, Bebe Rexha,Tiësto, Alesso, Bazzi, Tinashe, and more.
Kurchner’s versatility is displayed in her recent releases with artists across genres such as Anitta on "Practice ft. ASAP Ferg and HARV,” Bebe Rexha on "I Am” and "Satellite ft. Snoop Dogg," and Chappell Roan on "Coffee," produced by Dan Nigro.
The latter has  become a fan favorite from the album The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess, touted by stars like Olivia Rodrigo and John Mayer. The album recently hit #1 on iTunes and is currently #12 on the Billboard 200. Additionally, Maya co-wrote Saint Clara's "Progress  (Crying Like a Bitch)," which topped pop radio in Scandinavia for eight weeks.
“There’s no better feeling than working with people who believe in you, inspire you, and push you to be better,” says Kurchner. “ Sam Sklar and the entire team at Position embody this sentiment. I’m incredibly grateful for and excited by the opportunity  to work  alongside such a driven group of individuals.”
Kurchner is managed by Doug DeLuca of Lineage Music Group.
“Maya signed to Chosen People with RØMANS and Marc in the summer of 2020. With their support, we've been able to build an incredible foundation for Maya as a songwriter. I've had nothing but amazing experiences with Position, and it was the right time to join forces with Sam Sklar to build the next phase of Maya's career. 
Since signing, Sam and the Position team have brought strategic and meaningful opportunities to the table, putting Maya in a position to continue to build relationships with other successful songwriters, producers and artists. I look forward to working with both Position, Marc, and RØMANS for years to come,” says DeLuca.
Kurchner joins a Position Music publishing roster that includes Zach Skelton, Tinashe, Jack LaFrantz, Dru “Falconry” DeCaro,Joe Kearns, Keith Varon, Harmony Samuels, John “Feldy” Feldman, Sam Merrifield, Kyle Reynolds, Yonatan Watts, and more.
"Between her creative abilities and her unrelenting drive, I have long known Maya to be such a force and it was only a matter of time before we found a way to work together,” says Sam Sklar,VP of A&R at Position Music. “She not only brings fresh concepts and lyricism to the table but holds the unique ability to navigate a variety of different rooms with ease. With the help of our partners RØMANS and Marc Fineman, she's built an amazing foundation, and I'm excited to join forces as we continue to build.”
Published since 1977, Music Connection magazine is a monthly music trade publication catering to musicians, industry pro’s, and support services. Music Connection exists to serve artists and music people, to offer connections to the unconnected and to provide exclusive information that can help our readers take their music to the next level.

Founded in 1977 on the principle of bridging the gap between “the street and the elite,” Music Connection has grown from a popular print publication into a spectrum of products and services that address the wants and needs of musicians, the music tech community and industry support services.