Support for Buffalo Rising comes from:
Become a Sponsor
Support for Buffalo Rising comes from:
Become a Sponsor
Support for Buffalo Rising comes from:
Become a Sponsor
The 2024 summer event season for Canalside and the Outer Harbor will showcase over 100 events and programs, including a lineup of live music that features acts such as Chappell Roan (sold out show), Counting Crows, Primus, and moe.
“We have some great opportunities for Western New Yorkers and visitors to come out and enjoy our city’s beautiful waterfront this summer,” said Lauren Ford, general manager, Buffalo Waterfront. “We’re looking forward to an exciting concert lineup at the brand-new Terminal B venue, as well as new food and beverage options at Canalside and returning fitness classes and family programming.”
Canalside
Along with plenty of seasonal seafaring opportunities, guests to the Canalside will also find:
*The weekends of May 10-12 and May 17-19 will mark “soft” openings for Canalside, with regular hours of operation beginning Friday, May 24 (through Labor Day weekend). Buffalo Boat Tours, BFLO Harbor Kayak, Water Bikes of Buffalo, Canalside Caricatures and Buffalo Bike Tours all reopen Memorial Day weekend. 
Other returning events & updates:
“Highmark Blue Cross Blue Shield is thrilled to kick off our 13th summer as the official health plan of Canalside,” said Michael Ball, vice president, community affairs, Highmark Blue Cross Blue Shield. “Our community is fortunate to have this vibrant space on our beautiful waterfront where families and friends can come together to enjoy the outdoors, get healthy and create lasting memories. We look forward to another great summer at Canalside.”
Outer HarborThe Seneca Casinos Outer Harbor Concert Series kicks off May 24 with Chappell Roan (sold-out show) at the new Terminal B at the Outer Harbor. 
Other announced shows include:
“Independent Health has long been committed to improving the health and well-being of our community by offering free and fun ways for Western New Yorkers to get fit and active while exploring the beauty of our region,” said Kathy Glieco, vice president – marketing, Independent Health. “Independent Health is proud to be the official health and wellness partner of Outer Harbor Buffalo. Not only is it the crown jewel of our waterfront, but it’s a great place for individuals and families to enjoy a breathtaking view as they take a walk or jog along the 3-mile Independent Health Wellness Trail, ride their bike at Lakeside Bike Park or participate in a free outdoor fitness class at Terminal B.”
Terminal B
For the latest updates to the summer schedule, visit buffalowaterfront.com.
Newell Nussbaumer is 'queenseyes' - Eyes of the Queen City and Founder of Buffalo Rising. Co-founder Elmwood Avenue Festival of the Arts. Co-founder Powder Keg Festival that built the world's largest ice maze (Guinness Book of World Records). Instigator behind Emerald Beach at the Erie Basin Marina. Co-creator of Rusty Chain Beer. Instigator of Buffalo Porchfest, and Paint vs. Paint. Founder of The Peddler retro and vintage market on Elmwood. Instigator behind Liberty Hound @ Canalside. Throws The Witches Ball at Statler City, the Hertel Alley Street Art Festival, and The Flutterby Festival. And his latest adventure... FigBuffalo, with the intention of creating a Buffalo United Fashion Front (BUFF).

Contact Newell Nussbaumer | Newell@BuffaloRising.com
As one of the region’s most read publications since its launch in 2004, Buffalo Rising’s diverse editorial team delivers a wide range of relevant content to our readers as it unfolds in real time. An independently owned and operated digital publication, Buffalo Rising provides editorial and critical reviews on all topics that relate to Buffalo, NY.
Click Here to Share Your Story 

					Type above and press Enter to search. Press Esc to cancel.