By
Peter Burditt
Updated: 
She is the biggest artist of the Summer and has become a music sensation overnight. Though, “Overnight” is an unfair term to use when talking about Chappell Roan, as the artist has been tirelessly working in the music industry since approximately 2017. As of recent, Roan has been receiving popular and critical acclaim for her songs “Good Luck Babe!” and “HOT TO GO!” Furthermore, her pixie-girl persona has stolen the hearts and minds of fans worldwide. She is your favorite artist’s favorite artist. 
Despite her seemingly rapid rush to fame, Roan has been in the game for quite some time. Lurking in the shadows waiting for the right time to pounce, Roan has been a part of some of the most notable musical endeavors of the recent past. That being so, here are some of the career-defining moments that led to Roan’s rise to stardom. 
Roan and Rodrigo have been known to be friends and collaborators. Roan, who served as the opener on several of Rodrigo’s tours, has also graced one of Rodrigo’s most sensational albums, Guts. Featured on songs, “Bad Idea Right?,” “Lacy,” and “Obsessed,” Roan collaboration on the album has been years in the making. 
It was partially Roan’s relationship with Rodrigo and producer, Dan Nigro, that helped launch her into her illustrious position. A relationship reportedly lasting since 2020, Rodrigo and Roan have come up together. Additionally, they share similar fan bases, musical styles, and on-stage personalities. 
Prior to her friendship with Rodrgio, Roan signed a record deal with Atlantic Records when she was only 16. During her time with Atlantic, she released her first EP School Nights; though, she was then dropped by the label in 2020. Shortly after, Roan labeled herself as an independent artist. 
In lieu of this setback, Roan was determined to get back on the horse. Luckily, Rodrigo’s producer, Nigro, helped Roan record and release “My Kind is Karma” and “Naked in Manhattan.” It was from there that Roan started to open for Rodrigo. Thus, she finally found her platform and utilized it to its fullest potential. 
Chappell Roan and Olivia Rodrigo’s relationship marks a collaborative friendship of mass proportions. Two of the most notable figures in pop music at the moment, the two have performed selfless deeds for each other and have heavily benefited from it. Maybe, just maybe, there is a future collaboration in the works. Though, as of now, they are keeping busy and doing just fine on their own. 
Photo by Vivien Killilea/Getty Images for GLAAD
Only members can comment. Become a member. Already a member? Log in.
Why Eric Church Thinks Morgan Wallen’s Chair-Throwing Arrest Was “Actually A Good Thing”
The Forgotten Genius of Judee Sill: Folk Music’s Sacred Rebel
Why Tony Iommi Changed His Mind About the Black Sabbath Reunion

			© 2025 American Songwriter			American Songwriter: a Savage Ventures Brand