Home
Culture

29 October 2024
By

                        
                            
                                

                                        Alim Kheraj                                    




If you’ve logged on to social media over the last few days, you’ve likely encountered the hilarious memes doing the rounds, and this time it’s all about gays and their Halloween costumes.
The “I hate gay Halloween” meme is not new, but every year around the spooky season the internet is flooded with people sharing their most outlandish, often very niche and downright ridiculous costumes put together by queer people. 
This year is no different, and some of the outfits have had us laughing so hard that we’ve actually shed a tear. From people dressing up as Cher Lloyd from her iconic 2010 The X Factor audition to Nicole Kidman from the viral AMC advert, the pictures show how LGBTQ+ people always understand the assignment when it comes to Halloween costumes. 
Some opted for topical costumes, like so-called ‘illegal aliens’ having gender confirmation surgery, various iterations of singer Chappell Roan, and the French vaulter whose bulge got in the way of winning an Olympic medal during the 2024 Paris Olympics. 
Others, meanwhile, leaned into other memes that have dominated 2024, like the baby who wants to go to the Four Seasons Orlando, Cosmo the Queen of Melrose, and the disheveled Oompa Loompa from the disastrous Willy Wonka Experience in Glasgow, which went viral earlier this year.
Then there are the ones that feel so outlandish – like Gandalf with huge knockers – that it’s hard not to marvel at the genius and creativity of humanity.
So, with Halloween just days away, we’ve compiled some of the best “I hate gay Halloween” memes for your own costume inspo. 
I hate gay Halloween, what do you mean you’re Shaggy when he drank the potion and magically transitioned in Scooby Doo 2: Monsters Unleashed? pic.twitter.com/36W0eWCZHR
i hate gay halloween what do you mean you’re the blue pikmin saying “im f*g” meme pic.twitter.com/aT00ZL7AA0
I hate gay Halloween what do you mean it’s always 2 dumb bitches pic.twitter.com/QSyXSRG3dt
i hate gay halloween, what do you mean you’re chappell roan and a passenger seat? pic.twitter.com/mI9zPRwTD5
I hate gay Halloween. What do you mean you’re Rachel’s mom when she heard Jesus was seen in Ohio pic.twitter.com/XSVaPyPH7j
i hate gay halloween what do you mean you’re that butch who could run a mcdonald’s like the navy pic.twitter.com/6Dt6mMV9pr
I hate gay Halloween what do you mean you’re French children playing tribute to music legend Serge Gainsbourg  in 1988? pic.twitter.com/ncnqXFV4bp
i hate gay halloween what do you mean you’re cosmo queen of melrose explaining how your grandmother wanted you all to switch from catholic to jehovah pic.twitter.com/VDbeW8rnD9
i hate gay halloween wdym you’re the glitter girl from the stay with me vine pic.twitter.com/P3vKyxp50B
I hate gay Halloween, what do you mean you’re the tennis ball POV from Challengers pic.twitter.com/e6q67WAl86
I hate gay Halloween, what do you mean you’re Nicole Kidman from the AMC ad pic.twitter.com/T1TzdOAl53
i hate gay halloween what do you mean your cher lloyd’s 2010 x factor audition pic.twitter.com/UIjTjImBlV
What do you mean you’re Gandalf with big naturals pic.twitter.com/CHFWqQbjHB
i hate gay halloween parties wdym you’re the toy story hooker pic.twitter.com/vD7Dbwpobj
in gay world, halloween is the one night a year when a gay can dress like a total slut (the four seasons orlando baby’s dad) pic.twitter.com/IxzjAAeicg
I hate gay Halloween, what do you mean we’re Buffy & Faith dancing homoerotically at the Bronze pic.twitter.com/AEItvuTQ9T
I hate gay Halloween, what do you mean you’re the Olympic pole vaulter that bumped the pole with his bulge. pic.twitter.com/y0kR60m7oa
I hate gay Halloween, what do you mean you’re illegal aliens getting transgender surgeries in prison? pic.twitter.com/gUVN4Kja0J
I hate gay Halloween what do you mean you're the tired but wired DW meme? pic.twitter.com/TUnJddlR0C
I hate gay Halloween, what do you mean you’re the female Oompa Loompa from Glasgow’s  “Willy’s Chocolate Experience”?? pic.twitter.com/0BRWJIE1RT
i hate gay halloween what do you mean you’re art donaldson’s signature serve from the 2024 film challengers pic.twitter.com/oOFMNHNhIN
hate going to gay Halloween parties, what do you mean you’re that guy who pushed Brittany Broski during the Apple dance at the LA leg of Charli and Troye Sweat Tour? pic.twitter.com/krD1xef397
I hate gay Halloween what do you mean you're Lisa Rinna screaming obscenities in the mic at Andy Cohen's baby shower? pic.twitter.com/ar9V6tnuZC
I hate gay Halloween bc what do you mean you’re the Lisa Rinna M&M ad from the 2008 Oscars Awards pic.twitter.com/l1j00273y7
i hate gay halloween what do you mean you’re chappell roan in the crowd at gov ball pic.twitter.com/g40efk0tqg
I hate gay Halloween… what do you mean you’re the bottle of Cécred that Beyoncé dressed up and shared to her socials? pic.twitter.com/jHhmmyoAQC
I hate gay Halloween what do you mean you are Charli xcx signing records on vocal rest pic.twitter.com/NqaXJB8AjM
I hate gay Halloween costumes what do you mean you’re the bisexual couch fromIKEA’s 2021 pride collection pic.twitter.com/rtS55huoKE
Truly spectacular and absolutely hilarious, we hope you’ll agree. As we said, LGBTQ+ people just get Halloween. They don’t call it Gay Christmas for nothing, after all. 
© 2025 Stream Publishing.