Chappell Roan fans around Las Vegas got a chance to celebrate the one year anniversary of “The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess” album.
Chappell Roan fans around Las Vegas got a chance to celebrate the one year anniversary of “The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess” album during an official listening party hosted at Zia Records’ Rainbow location on Sunday afternoon.
Roan’s official fan HQ, Chappell Roan Fandemonium, announced various listening parties in 41 other states. Las Vegas’ listening party was the only one located in Nevada. Fans were given Roan themed stickers, a postcard, match boxes and a chance to buy a special one year anniversary edition of “The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess” on vinyl.
Contact Madeline Carter at mcarter@reviewjournal.com. Follow @fleetwood_mads on X and @madelinepcarter on Instagram.
Honored in Las Vegas, columnist Norm Clarke’s final resting place will be his hometown of Terry, Mont.
Mark Davis has signed a legend, and not for the first time, for a Raiders event.
Beyoncé was hit with a cease-and-desist letter from Sphere CEO James Dolan over a video in her “Cowboy Carter” tour in which the superstar picks up the Las Vegas venue.
The Red Rocker’s most extensive performance commitment ever on the Strip, “Best of All Worlds” runs through May 17.
Post Malone, Tina Fey and Amy Poehler, and UNLVino top the entertainment lineup for the week of May 2-8.
“The Party” is ongoing for Spiegelworld, which has named its new project just that.
Beyoncé is shown grabbing and holding the Sphere in her “Cowboy Carter” tour production. She’s not revealing why.
Jay Sarno Jr., the son of the founder of Caesars Palace, sets the record straight on the tale of Evel Knievel’s infamous Caesars jump.
It’ll be temperature up, “Hands Down” at the Durango casino in July.Alt-rock band Dashboard Confessional is the latest headliner for the resort’s “Bel-Aire Poolside Concert Series.”
Bruno Mars is already the longest-running headliner at Dolby Live. The nine new dates he just added would take him to triple digits.

Las Vegas News Raiders News Las Vegas Sphere Oakland A's Move Las Vegas Casinos Las Vegas Crime Las Vegas Shows Sports Betting F1 Las Vegas Las Vegas Restaurants Lake Mead Las Vegas Weather

Copyright © 2019 Las Vegas Review-Journal, Inc. | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service
Powered by WordPress.com VIP