The mission of the Media Research Center is to document and combat the falsehoods and censorship of the news media, entertainment media and Big Tech in order to defend and preserve America's founding principles and Judeo-Christian values. The MRC is a research and education organization operating under Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code, and contributions to the MRC are tax-deductible.
© 2005-2025, Media Research Center. All Rights Reserved.
Text to Speech
During her set at the New York’s Governors Ball festival on Sunday, singer Chappell Roan, born Kayleigh Rose Amstutz, told the audience that she declined an invitation to sing at a White House "Pride" event, noting that our nation doesn’t honor “liberty and justice for all.”
It really is comical when the left goes after the left.
Roan was painted head-to-toe in green paint and sported a green wig in a supposed effort to look like the Statue of Liberty.
“In response to the White House, who asked me to perform for Pride: we want liberty, justice and freedom for all. When you do that, that’s when I’ll come,” Roan told the crowd as she began her song entitled, “My Kink is Karma.”
Later, as Variety reported, Roan told the crowd, “I am in drag of the biggest queen of all. But in case you had forgotten what’s etched on my pretty little toes, ‘Give me your tired, your poor; your huddled masses yearning to breath free," referencing the poem that’s etched at the pedestal of the Statue of Liberty in New York.
“That means freedom and trans rights, that means freedom and women’s rights, and it especially means freedom for all people in oppressed, Roan said as she began tearing up, concluding, “It especially means freedom for oppressed people in occupied territories.”
chappell roan not only talking about but getting emotional while speaking about all the oppressed people on occupied lands oh let me stan immediately pic.twitter.com/EgfLXkB2tI
The audience, predictably, cheered in approval.
Roan, who was raised in a Christian home in Missouri, has been vocal about the gays for a while now, telling Variety last year, “I love the queer community."
Yet, she didn’t want to sing for the White House "Pride" event, as she doesn't think our administration is doing enough to push the LGBTQ agenda.
Related: Video Shows 'Pride' Mural Covered in Tire Marks Two Days After Repainting
In response to her decision to turn down the White House’s offer, fans cheered her via X. 
“Oh I f**king love Chappell Roan,” a user wrote on X when sharing a video from the concert. “Wait this is so iconic,” one user commented. “I just keep loving her more” another said while one called her a “queen.”
oh i fucking love chappell roan. pic.twitter.com/sWZD1LEUIU
On the contrary, some people wrote that Roan was “ignorant,” and another said, “this is just performative dog s**t.” One more accused Roan of having a “low IQ.”
The thing is, Roan isn’t even that famous (or that good). To be honest, this is the first time I’ve ever heard of her, but her social justice warrior stance may have been just the thing she needed to become relevant with the social justice warrior fans from whom she desperately wants attention.
Not that I’d be watching the White House event either - but still, I’m glad she’s not going.
Follow MRCTV on X!
The American people have had enough of the LGBT Mafia painting Pride flags on their streets. pic.twitter.com/eUPs3wamSs


Donor Privacy Policy



								The mission of the Media Research Center is to document and combat the falsehoods and censorship of the news media, entertainment media and Big Tech in order to defend and preserve America's founding principles and Judeo-Christian values. The MRC is a research and education organization operating
								under Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code, and contributions to the MRC are
								tax-deductible.
							
Company
MRC Programs
Legal
Features
CONNECT
Sign up for our NB Daily newsletter to receive the latest news Monday through Friday.

					© 2005-2025, Media Research Center. All Rights Reserved.