The Campus Times staff has worked hard on a responsive web redesign. Please bear with us as some older content may be temporarilily unavailable. To submit feedback, or to report an issue, email the Web Staff at online@campustimes.org.
“I just woke up […] to like, people just skewing it even more,” is how your favorite drag queen’s favorite artist opened her statement on TikTok announcing she won’t endorse either presidential candidate.
Lesbian pop renaissance leader Chappell Roan announced on Tiktok, “Endorsing and voting are completely different,” and explained she doesn’t agree “with a lot of what is going on, with like, politics.”
In the aforementioned video, posted on Sept. 25, Roan animatedly articulated, “Like, obviously fuck the policies of the right, but also fuck some of the policies on the left.” Because she doesn’t agree wholeheartedly with the policies of either group, she feels she can’t rightfully promote either: “I’m voting for fucking Kamala, but I’m not settling for what has been offered.”
Chappell Roan’s clarification came following interviews with Rolling Stone and Guardian, joining a steadily growing collection of political TikToks where she said, “I have encouraged people to use critical thinking skills, learn about what they’re voting for, learn about who they’re voting for and ask questions, and it’s being completely taken out of context.” 
The message comes as a repetition of the stance on trans rights she has taken before: Transgender people cannot have cis people making decisions for them. “Hear it from my mouth if you’re still wondering,” Roan said. “No, I’m not voting for Trump, and yes, I will always question those in power and those making decisions over other people.”
This kind of behavior is expected from Roan, who “has been vocal about her disagreement with the U.S. government’s support of the [war in Gaza] and is a longtime advocate for LGBTQ+ rights,” according to the San Francisco Chronicle. In fact, it was because of her disapproval of the Biden administration’s policies she turned down an offer to perform at the White House for Pride 2024 — and told Rolling Stone she originally had something “way more” planned. She was originally going to say yes, show up, and then refuse to perform; instead, she would protest with some poetry.
“I had picked out some poems from Palestinian women,” she said. “I was trying to do it as tastefully as I could because all I wanted to do was yell. I had to find something that’s tasteful and to the point and meaningful, and not make it about me and how I feel. I don’t know if I’ll ever get that close in direct sight of the president ever in my life. This is my shot.” She talked it through with her publicist, who was supportive but made a point: “You fuck with the president and the government, your security is not the same, and neither is your family’s.”
“I will stand up for what’s right and what I believe in,” Roan followed up in her Sept. 24 TikTok. “It’s always at the forefront of my project.” Roan entreated viewers with an eye roll before she dropped a somewhat-sarcastic “I’m sorry that you fell for the clickbait” and ended the video. 
The 26-year-old singer, whose real name is Kayleigh Rose Amstutz, faced serious public backlash for not endorsing a specific candidate. Her and other “authentic” celebs, like Jennifer Lawrence, seem to often find themselves at odds with public perceptions. 
Even the untouchable Taylor Swift has faced criticism from the public and felt like she couldn’t win. In her documentary, “Miss Americana,” Swift’s decision to voice her politics is captured as she rose to support the Democrats in her home state of Tennessee for the 2018 midterm elections. 
Results varied, as tens of thousands of young people registered to vote, but her senatorial candidate of choice, Democrat Phil Bredesen, lost to Republican Marsha Blackburn, whom she’d called out as a flagrant enemy of feminism and gay rights. Swift told Variety, “Definitely, that was a bigger disappointment for me [than the Grammy snub].”
Nevertheless, following Taylor Swift’s glowing approval of Harris, people seem to want more political meddling from celebrities.
In her TikTok, Roan doesn’t offer up an endorsement for either presidential candidate, but does provide her voting plan. The video marks the first time she’s publicly announced her preference for Harris. She also encourages viewers to go out and vote for who “in your mind is the best option for what we have right now because it’s all we can do.”
Swift didn’t always perform perfectly when politics were posited, something captured in “Miss Americana,” which includes a secondhand-embarrassment-inducing clip of her on “The Late Show with David Letterman.” The host mentions politics and cajoles Swift into endorsing the “shut up and sing” mantra. The audience screamed adoration — something Swift found wild.
Swift looks back on her apolitical twenties with a grimace. “Every time I didn’t speak up about politics as a young person, I was applauded for it,” she told Variety. “I said, ‘I’m a 22-year-old girl — people don’t want to hear what I have to say about politics.’ And people would just be like, ‘Yeahhhhh!’”
The journey has been tumultuous, to say the least. Roan finally hit mainstream success this year, but “has had only a few months to grapple with the kind of meteoric rise that most artists have years to adjust to,” according to Slate. 
From the beginning, Roan has held steadfast in the boundaries she sets between herself and the public and press. She has told photographers off and called out creepy fan behavior, and I think she is doing a stand-up job making sure she’s not taken advantage of.
Roan’s recent decision to pull out of major festivals, including All Things Go, has raised eyebrows, especially in light of the ongoing political controversy surrounding her refusal to endorse Kamala Harris. Roan, who had been a highly anticipated headliner at the festival, canceled her performances in both New York and Washington D.C., citing the need to prioritize her health. According to Pitchfork, she expressed deep regret for disappointing her fans but emphasized that this step was necessary for her well-being​. In a statement on X, she wrote, “I need a few days to prioritize my health. I want to be present when I perform and give the best shows possible.”
While health concerns were the primary reason given, the timing of her withdrawal has led many to speculate whether the increasing public pressure and political backlash have taken a toll. After all, Roan has been under intense scrutiny ever since her Sept. 24 TikTok. Forbes reported on the fan reactions to this statement, with some accusing her of avoiding responsibility at a time when many view celebrity endorsements as critical​.
“Right now, it’s more important than ever to use your vote, and I will do whatever it takes to protect people’s civil rights, especially the LGBTQ+ community,” Roan told Rolling Stone in August. “My ethics and values will always align with that, and that hasn’t changed with a different nominee. I feel lucky to be alive during an incredibly historical time period when a woman of color is a presidential nominee.”
In a world where public figures are often expected to speak for their followers, Chappell Roan’s refusal to endorse feels radical. It suggests that perhaps the greatest political act a celebrity can take is to challenge the very system that demands their participation.