By SAMEER SURI FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  03:54, 26 October 2024   |  Updated:  04:44, 26 October 2024   
 24
View  comments
Olivia Rodrigo was supported by her pal Chappell Roan at the premier of the new concert film chronicling her Guts World Tour.
The Guts World Tour, launched in support of Olivia's 2023 album of the same name, began in February of this year and will run until next July.
Chappell, 26, opened Olivia, 21, on multiple dates of the present tour, and in fact the two pop acts share an extensive professional history.
Back in 2022, Chappell served as an opening act for Olivia's SOUR Tour, and she also provided backing vocals for three songs on the Guts album. 
They were reunited Friday night at the star-studded Los Angeles premiere of the upcoming concert movie Olivia Rodrigo: Guts World Tour.
Olivia Rodrigo (left) was supported by her pal Chappell Roan (right) at the premier of the new concert film chronicling her Guts World Tour
Olivia draped her willowy figure in a skintight dress that highlighted her hourglass frame and plunged to serve up a generous helping of cleavage.
Her charcoal gown featured saucy lace trip, as well as vertical black stripes to provide an elongating effect and floral accents for an added flourish.
Letting her long black hair cascade over her shoulders in luxurious waves, Olivia emphasized her luminous complexion with makeup.
meanwhile Chappell's look was characteristically filled with personality, including her see-through red dress, which she wore without a bra.
Her frock was covered in massive fabric roses and came with a matching set of opera gloves, amplifying the high-camp effect.
With her exaggerated makeup and dramatic poses, Chappell was an unmissable site as she stalked the red carpet during the premiere.
A number of other famous faces were also in attendance, including Xochitl Gomez, 18, a former child star of Doctor Strange In The Multiverse Of Madness fame. 
Olivia and Chappell struck a pose with Icelandic singer Laufey, whom Olivia wrote a gushing tribute to for Time100 Next 2024, a roundup of rising talent.
Olivia draped her willowy figure in a skintight dress that highlighted her hourglass frame and plunged to serve up a generous helping of cleavage
The Guts World Tour, launched in support of Olivia's 2023 album of the same name, began in February of this year and will run until next July
Back in 2022, Chappell served as an opening act for Olivia's SOUR Tour, and she also provided backing vocals for three songs on the Guts album
meanwhile Chappell's look was characteristically filled with personality, including her see-through red dress, which she wore without a bra 
With her exaggerated makeup and dramatic poses, Chappell was an unmissable site as she stalked the red carpet during the premiere
Olivia and Chappell struck a pose with Icelandic singer Laufey, whom Olivia wrote a gushing tribute to for Time100 Next 2024 , a roundup of rising talent
Amelie Anstett of Chicken Girls fame wore a monochrome cocktail dress that featured a white flared skirt and a cinched-in black top
A number of other famous faces were also in attendance, including Xochitl Gomez, 18, a former child star of Doctor Strange In The Multiverse Of Madness fame
Remi Wolf, who competed on American Idol as a high school senior a decade ago, demonstrated her showmanship at the premiere with a high kick
Laufey was swathed in a shimmery pink gown that brought back faint memories of medieval times with its puffed sleeves, square neckline and lace corset.  
Amelie Anstett of Chicken Girls fame wore a monochrome cocktail dress that featured a white flared skirt and a cinched-in black top.
Remi Wolf, who competed on American Idol as a high school senior a decade ago, demonstrated her showmanship at the premiere with a high kick. 
Olivia's Guts World Tour began in February in the Coachella Valley and has whirled through North America, Europe and Asia.
She is currently on a hiatus, but will pick up her concert dates again in March, traveling around South America before wrapping up in Manchester, England. 
The rollicking concert has now been turned into a concert film, which will debut on Netflix this coming Tuesday, October 29. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group