Chappell Roan opens the inaugural concert season at Terminal B at the Outer Harbor.
The inaugural concert season at the new Terminal B at the Outer Harbor outdoor amphitheater is coming into focus with the announcement of four new concerts, including rising pop star Chappell Roan and popular Buffalo jam band Moe.
Roan will be the first performer taking the new stage at 7 p.m. May 24 when she brings her Midwest Princess Tour to Buffalo. Tickets are $39.50 and $64.50 with a premium upgrade of $30 available.
Moe., always a huge draw locally, performs at 7 p.m. July 17. Daniel Donato’s Cosmic Country opens the concert. Tickets are $36 and $66.
A $12 million Buffalo Outer Harbor music pavilion and events center fronting Lake Erie will host concerts and special events come spring 2024.
The Sad Summer Festival 2024 is 2 p.m. Aug. 6 with Mayday Parade and The Maine, plus The Wonder Years, We the Kings, Real Friends, Knuckle Puck, Hot Milk, Daisy Grenade and Diva Beach. Tickets are $55 with multiple VIP upgrades available.
Primus & Coheed and Cambria will co-headline a show that also includes Fishbone at 7 p.m. Aug. 9. Tickets are $55 and $99 with multiple VIP upgrades available.
Previously announced concerts at Terminal B are country duo Brothers Osborne with Stephen Wilson Jr. at 8 p.m. June 14 and Lake Street Dive at 7 p.m. Sept. 17.
Doors generally open one hour before showtime. Tickets for all concerts are on sale now through outerharborlive.com and seetickets.com.
The open-air, $12 million music pavilion and events center, the first permanent stage on the Outer Harbor, is expected to accommodate 5,000 to 6,000 people. There are no seats. It is located at 901 Fuhrmann Blvd. Parking in the lots adjacent to the venue is free to ticket holders on a first-come, first-served basis, with additional parking available along Fuhrmann Boulevard.
A ribbon cutting ceremony will be held in conjunction with the "Total Eclipse in the 716" event on April 8 at the Outer Harbor.
Receive the latest in local entertainment news in your inbox weekly!
Gusto Editor
Cars moved smoothly along Fuhrmann Boulevard and on Route 5 both before and after the concert by rapper T-Pain Sunday, without the kind of del…
Mark Wendel was given the reins Tuesday to lead Erie Canal Harbor Development Corp., the state agency responsible for overseeing public use an…
Buffalo News photographers Derek Gee and Joshua Bessex took the #BNDrone to the skies for a look at the DL&W Terminal building and the pro…
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.