Photo: Getty Images
Kelly Clarkson and Miranda Lambert teamed up to perform an impromptu rendition of a massively popular Chappell Roan anthem when Lambert appeared as a guest on The Kelly Clarkson Show on Tuesday morning (September 24).
Clarkson asked the award-winning country star, “who’s an artist who excites you right now? I think we agree on several.” The first artist Lambert noted is reigning ACM and CMA Entertainer of the Year Lainey Wilson. The pair released a duet, “Good Horses,” on Wilson’s highly-anticipated new album that arrived last month.
“And I love Chappell Roan,” Lambert said.
Lambert hoped to meet Roan at the 2024 MTV Video Music Awards earlier this month in New York, though it didn’t happen. Lambert attended the show with husband Brendan McLoughlin as a presenter (she presented Sabrina Carpenter with the Song of the Year award for “Espresso”). Roan, who won Best New Artist at the VMAs, took the stage with a fiery performance of “Good Luck, Babe!” 
“It’s so good,” Lambert said of Roan’s latest album, The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess. “My brother and his husband were like, ‘you have to hear this,’ and they turned me on to her music and I was obsessed. I didn’t get to meet her at the VMAs. I wanted to, but we were just — everything was chaotic. But I was like, ‘dang it…’ I just wanna tell her, she’s so brave, and I love anything authentic. It’s so cool.”
Clarkson agreed, and said Roan’s “voice is insane, like her range, how she goes from head voice to chest voice.” She also drew comparisons between Roan’s songwriting and Lambert’s, noting that both artists are clever storytellers in their music.
Together, Clarkson and Lambert delivered a stunning acoustic rendition of “Good Luck, Babe!”
Lambert also spoke with Clarkson about her 10th studio album, Postcards from Texas, which released on September 13. The 14-track record includes “Armadillo,” “Dammit Randy,” “Santa Fe” with Parker McCollum, “Wranglers,” “Alimony” and other highlights. Lambert performed a duet version of “No Man’s Land” on The Kelly Clarkson Show, particularly after hinting that she would sing with Clarkson. Lambert replied to a post from a fan account on X, formerly Twitter, which read: “I pray Kelly duets with Miranda Lambert when she’s on the show [The Kelly Clarkson Show] this season!”
Lambert said in her response: “[Kelly Clarkson] what do you say we sing some songs together?” Clarkson said: “Let’s do it [Miranda Lambert].”