Music Critic Lauren Penzer lists 5 songs she associates with the Libra star sign 
Libras are exciting and dynamic people; they always defy expectations and put their heart and soul into everything they do. They always manage to surprise and defy expectations. Despite this unpredictability, Libras are strongly expressive and passionate at their core. They wear their hearts on their sleeve, and their heartbeat beats through the following songs. 
They wear their hearts on their sleeve, and their heartbeat beats through the following songs. 
Lovefool – The Cardigans 
This first song encapsulates the loving and joyful nature of Libras. They’re often misconceived to be incredibly flighty and indecisive – in love with the idea of love, you may say. This song, however, demonstrates the devotion and passion with which Libras navigate their relationships with others. They are happy to be wrapped up in the excitement and, at times, foolishness that comes with love. 
Super Graphic Ultra Modern Girl – Chappell Roan
Chappell Roan has been a big name in popular culture recently, and songs like this one demonstrate the energetic and confident nature of Libras. This song just bleeds self-confidence and charisma, and echoes the craving that Libras have for socialising and belonging. In this song particularly, Roan particularly celebrates a feminine community. Super Graphic Ultra Modern Girl emblematizes the way that Libras conduct themselves in social situations, emitting this sense of style and flare.
Tongue Tied – GROUPLOVE 
This next song demonstrates some of the more complex parts of a Libras nature. They can be incredibly indecisive sometimes, struggling with decision-making, particularly when it comes to avoiding confrontation. This song echoes these feelings of being ‘tongue-tied’ and struggling to communicate, while also re-establishing this desire for connection and balance in their lives. 
Dog Days Are Over – Florence and the Machine
Similarly, Libras are occasionally known for being quite melancholy and self-pitying, unable to bring themselves out of a bad move. This song, I feel, represents the resilience of Libras to pick themselves back up again, and turn their life around. No matter what gets them down, they keep rolling with the punches, and fighting for what is right. 
Mystery of Love – Sufjan Stevens
Through all the ups and downs of life, Libras remain optimistic and idealistic in their view of the world. This soft and sweet song epitomises this nature. The song is incredibly poetic and thoughtful, expressing the speaker’s admiration of the world around them, and the beauty and melancholy that comes with it. This lovely song is perfect for any Libra to hear, to have their inner feelings recognised.
I hope that all Libras, and those who love them, can enjoy this colourful and eclectic collection of songs!
Read more from Music:
Playlist for November
EP Review: Omar Rudberg – Every Night Fantasy
Single Review: FKA twigs – Drums of Death
Deputy Editor Hannah Gadd describes The Flaming Lips as a must-see band, praising their remarkable visuals and impressive musicality
Music Contributor Soliyana Pellicer Alemayehu shares her playlist for April, perfectly curated for springtime
Music Critic Soliyana Pellicer Alemayehu reviews Bad Bunny's newest album, 'DeBí TiRAR MáS FOToS', discussing the album's blending of old and new aspects of Puerto Rican culture
Music Critic Soliyana Pellicer Alemayehu reviews Bad Bunny's newest album, 'DeBí TiRAR MáS FOToS', discussing the album's blending of old and new aspects of Puerto Rican culture
Music Critic Simran Seera reviews K-pop band Stray Kids' EP, Mixtape: dominATE, discussing the musical variety and reflections on fame and success present
In their new collaborative single, Lauv and LANY's voices blend seamlessly together to narrate the story of a one-sided relationship, Music Critic Chloe Hyde writes