By LILLIAN GISSEN FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  22:06, 6 August 2024   |  Updated:  22:27, 6 August 2024   
 29
View  comments
A sorority president has clapped back at an online troll who took issue with the group using a Chappell Roan song in a recruitment video.
Earlier this week, University of Central Oklahoma's Alpha Gamma Delta uploaded a clip that featured the latest batch of women to join the sorority dancing to Chappell's hit song HOT TO GO!
But when one of the singer's devoted fans took to X, formerly Twitter, to slam them for including the track in the clip, the president of the sorority was not amused.
The hater said that while they were happy that Chappell - who identifies as a lesbian - is 'getting recognition,' they theorized that 'half' the women in Alpha Gamma Delta's video would make fun of the popstar for her sexuality.
'Love that Chappell is getting recognition, but I fear half of them would probably call her a slur,' the X user wrote.
A sorority president has clapped back at an online troll who took issue with the group using a Chappell Roan (seen) song in a recruitment video 
Earlier this week, University of Central Oklahoma's Alpha Gamma Delta uploaded a clip that featured the latest batch of women to join the sorority dancing to Chappell's song HOT TO GO!
A post shared by OKLAHOMA ALPHA GAMMA DELTA (@oualphagam)
But when one of the singer's devoted fans took to X, formerly Twitter, to slam them for including the track in the clip, president of the sorority Madison Newberry (seen) was unamused
But the president of Alpha Gamma Delta, named Madison Newberry, was quick to come to the sorority's defense.
She shut down the X user's claim and explained that she herself was queer - and a huge fan of Chappell.
'I'm the president of this chapter and I'm also queer,' Madison replied. 'LGBTQ+ people in sororities exist and we are just having fun.
'I saw Chappell in concert in February and had the absolute best time at her show and with filming this TikTok. Sending all the love to her.'
After Madison responded, the X user changed their settings so that their original post could no longer be seen by people they didn't follow - but not before others took screenshots of the exchange and shared them online.
The interaction went viral, and many people were quick to show their support for Madison.
'As a queer woman old enough to be one of your professors, I never imagined conventional Greek life accepting us,' one person replied to her.
'Thank you for sharing this, genuine old millennial chopping onions moment for me. And thank you also for challenging my stereotypes.'
The hater theorized that 'half' the women in Alpha Gamma Delta's video would make fun of Chappell - who identifies as a lesbian - for her sexuality
But Madison was quick to come to the sorority's defense. She shut down the X user's claim and explained that she herself is queer - and a huge fan of Chappell
The interaction went viral, and many people were quick to show their support for Madison
'This clip made me smile. I can imagine being a queer girlie at this phase in life, and how accepted and welcomed something like this would make me feel in that situation. Y'all slayed,' another gushed.
'I'm the president of this chapter and I'm also queer,' Madison replied. A grab from the video is seen above
Someone else added, 'Thank you for showing the world us gays can and do go Greek too.'
'Smoked her,' a fourth tweet simply read, while a fifth said, 'Period.' 
'I'm so sick of people acting like popular people are mean. Gag them Madison,' a different user tweeted. 
'That's why people shouldn't go around accusing people of being homophobic. Y'all never know,' another person stated. 
'I'm a Madison Newberry stan now,' someone else joked. 
Chappell released her debut album last year and was almost instantly transformed into a massive star.
She opened up for Olivia Rodrigo on her Guts World Tour and performed at top music festivals like Coachella and Governors Ball.
She is now gearing up to head out on her own tour - which was originally set for club-sized venues.
But the demand has been so high that some dates had to be moved to bigger venues, and even those have sold out. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group