All products featured on Vogue are independently selected by our editors. However, we may receive compensation from retailers and/or from purchases of products through these links.
Maybe you were at a stop on Sabrina Carpenter’s Short n’ Sweet Tour, or watched Chappell Roan on SNL and asked yourself, “How do her legs look like that?” Recently on TikTok, people have been puzzling over how pop-stars achieve legs that reach almost uncanny levels of sheen.
We’re here to say once and for all that, no, the pop-stars du jour aren’t wasting their precious pre-show moments slathering their legs with baby oil. Rather, they’re all in on the same $15 secret: Capezio Ultra Shimmery tights.
Anyone who’s ever been in a dance competition (or, anyone who is an international pop sensation—though I’d hazard a guess that not a ton of us can relate) knows the sheer power of the gleaming, flesh-colored hosiery that makes the wearer’s legs look like shiny little hotdogs. But these aren’t your average low denier tights to pop on under skirts and dresses when it gets a little chilly. No, the Capezios are far more than an aesthetic decision; to performers they are athletic apparel. Sure, they help even out the wearer’s skin-tone and promise to be seen in even the nosebleeds, but the nylon and spandex blend assures that everything stays in place, allowing the performer to sing and dance with confidence.
I have fond memories of pouring myself into my Capezio tights before performances, from large ensemble musical productions to contemporary duets. While I am far from Sabrina Caprenter, Chappell Roan, and Taylor Swift, I do remember the assurance that, of all the millions of things that can go wrong onstage, at least I wouldn’t have to worry about my tights.
I Just Got Back From L.A. and Everyone Was Wearing Autry Medalist Low Sneakers
Amal Clooney Is All About Rib-Grazing Denim for Spring
How to Dress Like the Olsen Twins This Spring and Summer 2025
Rihanna Dresses Cozy and Classic to Solo Dine at Her Favorite Restaurant
Sign up for Vogue Shopping to receive the insider’s guide to what to shop and how to wear it
Listen to The Run-Through with Vogue, a weekly podcast featuring the most exciting stories and hot takes from the worlds of culture, politics, sports and–of course–fashion
Never miss a Vogue moment and get unlimited digital access for just $2 $1 per month.
The Vogue Runway app has expanded! Update to the latest version to see all Vogue content, as well as new features like our Runway Genius quiz, Group Chats, and posts from Vogue contributors.
Explore the Runway Image Archive where you can access over 1.2 million runway images from past and present fashion shows.
More from Vogue
See More Stories
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Vogue may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
CN Fashion & Beauty