One of the biggest stars in music right now is Chappell Roan. Her album, The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess, became the hit record of the summer. With that came a lot of fans wanting too much of her time, and the singer pushed back on it. 
More often than not, famous women are told they have to do whatever fans or the public ask them to. We see it time and time again, and instead of Chappell Roan bending to that idea, she posted a video saying that if she’s out on her own, she doesn’t owe someone her time and energy. The video went viral, with people saying that because she’s famous, she should just accept that she doesn’t get to have a private life. 
She set a boundary and has to now go further into why she set that boundary instead of people just respecting what she said. But I am so proud to be a fan of someone who is willing to make it clear that she isn’t going to let herself get bullied by so-called “fans.”
Since, Roan has doubled down on the statement, writing a lengthy post on Instagram about her feelings:
For the past 10 years l’ve been going nonstop to build my project and it’s come to the point that I need to draw lines and set boundaries. I want to be an artist for a very very long time. I’ve been in too many nonconsensual physical and social interactions and I just need to lay it out and remind you, women don’t owe you shit,” Roan wrote. “I chose this career path because I love music and art and honoring my inner child, I do not accept harassment of any kind because I chose this path, nor do I deserve it.
Roan made it clear that when she’s on stage, she is sharing a part of herself with her fans but the “superfan” behavior has taken things too far and started to consume her personal life:
When I’m on stage, when I’m performing, when I’m in drag, when I’m at a work event, when I’m doing press…I am at work. Any other circumstance, l am not in work mode. I am clocked out. I don’t agree with the notion that I owe a mutual exchange of energy, time, or attention to people I do not know, do not trust, or who creep me out-just because they’re expressing admiration.
Women do not owe you a reason why they don’t want to be touched or talked to. This has nothing to do with the gratitude and love I feel for my community, for the people who respect my boundaries, and for the love I feel from every person who lifts me up and has stuck with me to help the project get to where it is now.
You can read her full statement here:
A post shared by ･ﾟ: *✧ Chappell Roan ✧*:･ﾟ (@chappellroan)
Time and time again, female artists and celebrities are told to put themselves out in the world and often we don’t realize how far we’ve pushed them until it is too late. As Matt Bernstein (known as Matt xiv on Instagram and X) shared in a post, these women should be allowed set boundaries.
A post shared by matt bernstein (@mattxiv)
If a male actor or musician made this statement, we’d be applauding him for standing up for himself and saying what he needs. But when a woman shuts herself off from people she doesn’t know, she’s vilified.
Roan is simply stating that she doesn’t have to deal with people outside of work. That’d be like someone coming up to a barista when they’re off the clock and asking them to make them a latte just because they know they can do it. Roan has the ability and the power to tell people no, and I am proud of her for setting this in stone now. 
Just because you listened to “Good Luck, Babe” doesn’t mean you have the right to who she is, and that’s an important lesson for fans to learn.
Have a tip we should know? [email protected]

Have a tip or story idea? Email us.
 Or to keep it anonymous, click here.