Home    Forums    Music    Grammys 2025 Predictions (Part 4)
Fortnight is going 2nd week at number one in Hot 100.
pic.twitter.com/36j3sN96Wy
— Talk of the Charts (@talkofthecharts) May 1, 2024
Migs
i literally cannot keep up with these random viral songs
at least Sabrina had top 40 feather as a lead artist before espresso.
shaboozey is on his first charting song as a lead; I assume this richman person has never charted as he doesn’t have a wiki page yet; beautiful things is benson’s first top 80 let alone top 10; teddy swims is on his first charting song.
Hey y’all!! I haven’t been on here in FOREVER!
Anyways a few updates, Espresso is currently SMASHING and if it stays like this throughout the summer then it has a chance of getting a nom in BPSP, ROTY and SOTY. If Sabrina releases her new album this summer, then she could also be a possible contender for BPVA and/or AOTY. Depending if she’s eligible or not, she could also be a contender for BNA.
Hot take!: ever since UMG removed all of their major artists songs from tik tok, independent artists have been taking over which is why we have so many khias and men topping the charts ¯_(ツ)_/¯
Ariana may or may not take a Grammy home this year. I’m unsure but WCBF is also doing really well!
As for Taylor, she’s not winning anything for TTPD, except for possibly BPDGP for “Fortnight” the critics and the fans don’t love the album as much as they do with Midnights.
Although Cowboy Carter debuted higher in units than Renaissance, Beyoncé isn’t winning anything in the general field since the hype for CC is slightly gone.
In conclusion, Billie is sweeping next years Grammy’s, Beyoncé and Shaboozey are sweeping in the country field, I hope pop field are all split between one another.
Because of so many independent/small artists takin over the charts this year, I feel as though BNA is pretty much stacked. So far we have:
Artemas
Benson Boone
Sabrina Carpenter
Teddy Swims
Tommy Richman
Shaboozey
FloyyMenor
Cris Mj
SexxyRed
Dasha
Chappell Roan
Tate McRae
Renee Rapp
Madison Beer
Djo
Lay Bankz
Flo Milli
Hey y’all!! I haven’t been on here in FOREVER!
Anyways a few updates, Espresso is currently SMASHING and if it stays like this throughout the summer then it has a chance of getting a nom in BPSP, ROTY and SOTY. If Sabrina releases her new album this summer, then she could also be a possible contender for BPVA and/or AOTY. Depending if she’s eligible or not, she could also be a contender for BNA.
Hot take!: ever since UMG removed all of their major artists songs from tik tok, independent artists have been taking over which is why we have so many khias and men topping the charts ¯_(ツ)_/¯
Ariana may or may not take a Grammy home this year. I’m unsure but WCBF is also doing really well!
As for Taylor, she’s not winning anything for TTPD, except for possibly BPDGP for “Fortnight” the critics and the fans don’t love the album as much as they do with Midnights.
Although Cowboy Carter debuted higher in units than Renaissance, Beyoncé isn’t winning anything in the general field since the hype for CC is slightly gone.
In conclusion, Billie is sweeping next years Grammy’s, Beyoncé and Shaboozey are sweeping in the country field, I hope pop field are all split between one another.
I don’t think Billie is sweeping. The Grammys will spread the wealth.
AOTY – Hit Me Hard And Soft
ROTY – fortnight (To those who are predicting Beyonce to win ROTY and SOTY, it’s not going to happen especially when the radio peaked and lose hype.)
SOTY – We Can’t Be Friends
BNA – Teddy Swims
BPSP – espresso
BPDGP – fortnight
Pop Vocal Album – Hit Me Hard and Soft
Migs
happy may everybody! to start of the month, here’s my current gf predictions!
record of the year
ariana grande – we can’t be friends (wait for your love)
the beatles – now and then
benson boone – beautiful things
beyoncé – texas hold ‘em
doja cat – agora hills
jacob collier, john legend, tori kelly, yebba – bridge over troubled water
taylor swift, post malone – fortnight
[billie eilish – ???]
album of the year
ariana grande – eternal sunshine
beyoncé – cowboy carter
billie eilish – hit me hard and soft
black pumas – chronicles of a diamond
brittany howard – what now
jacob collier – djesse vol. 4
kacey musgraves – deeper well
taylor swift – the tortured poets department
song of the year
agora hills – doja cat
angel – black pumas
beautiful things – benson boone
carnival – ¥$ (kanye west, ty dolla $ign), playboi carti, rich the kid
deeper well – kacey musgraves
fortnight – taylor swift, post malone
texas hold ‘em – beyoncé
[??? – billie eilish]
best new artist
benson boone
chappell roan
djo
flo milli
the last dinner party
shaboozey
sierra ferrell
tate mcrae
FOR YOUR GRAMMYS CONSIDERATION :
MAGDALENA BAY - IMAGINAL DISK
I don’t think Billie is sweeping. The Grammys will spread the wealth.
AOTY – Hit Me Hard And Soft
ROTY – fortnight (To those who are predicting Beyonce to win ROTY and SOTY, it’s not going to happen especially when the radio peaked and lose hype.)
SOTY – We Can’t Be Friends
BNA – Teddy Swims
BPSP – espresso
BPDGP – fortnight
Pop Vocal Album – Hit Me Hard and Soft
billie will sweep or Taylor will win a 5th album of the year before Ariana wins anything in the general field. Ariana’s only bet is Pop Solo, and even that’s a stretch. 
Congratulations to 4 Time Grammy Album of the Year Winner Taylor Swift!!!
The 67th Grammys categories that will/should air:
Big 4 GF
Best Pop Solo
Best Pop Vocal Album
Best Country Album
Best Musica Urbana Album
Best R&B Album
Migs
Sabrina is no one-hit wonder but if she wants to be taken seriously with the grammys, she needs to pull an Olivia and put out an acclaimed, well received pop album. One off smashes are helping establish her with the GP but she needs more to be win competitive. 
At this point, Taylor’s activities indirectly cause mental torture for her fans. I can’t imagine going back and forth, year after year. Arguments over 30 alone drained me, can’t imagine Adele releasing quarterly.
Honestly, I’ve tuned out all the trash. The endless discourse over every single thing she does is exhausting. Everything else is white noise to me, as long as the music is good. 
Sabrina Carpenter’s espresso is smashing again for 2nd straight day on Spotify.
‘Espresso’ by Sabrina Carpenter remains at #1 on Global Spotify with a new peak in streams of 10.52 million.
It also remains at #1 on US Spotify with 3.35 million streams. pic.twitter.com/VqjqEuftUV
— Pop Base (@PopBase) May 1, 2024
Migs
“Espresso” is defo giving “Flowers”. A BPSP win seems very possible.
I just don’t see it taking ROTY. I think the song doesn’t have appeal to the more matured audiences to prevail in the GF.
But I’m really happy for Sabrina! You go, girl!
when you saw the dead little bird you started crying, but you know the killer doesn’t understand • how did I go from growing up to breaking down? • old habits die screaming • girl, how do you feel being a girl? • things I once enjoyed just keep me employed now • meet me behind the mall
As for Taylor, she’s not winning anything for TTPD, except for possibly BPDGP for “Fortnight” the critics and the fans don’t love the album as much as they do with Midnights. 
With both Taylor’s and Post Malone’s history in performance categories, I wouldn’t be surprised if it lost.
If it gets into BMV, I’d probably say it has a greater chance to win there than in BPDGP.
when you saw the dead little bird you started crying, but you know the killer doesn’t understand • how did I go from growing up to breaking down? • old habits die screaming • girl, how do you feel being a girl? • things I once enjoyed just keep me employed now • meet me behind the mall
“Espresso” is defo giving “Flowers”.
In what way? Miley had been around for a long time and quietly had a lot of respect in the industry, and “Flowers” is much more universally appealing – it’s the kind of song your 6-year-old nephew and your 80-year-old grandma would both enjoy.
“Espresso” is definitely a song to keep an eye on, but I’m not yet convinced it’s winning anything, let alone getting into the general field. It’s also important to remember that just because a song is smashing now doesn’t necessarily mean it’s going to be on people’s radar come voting time in 5-6 months, especially in this day and age where hit songs come and go quickly.
The topic ‘Grammys 2025 Predictions (Part 4)’ is closed to new replies.
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…

				45 mins ago			

				4 mins ago			

				1 hour ago			

				25 mins ago			

				40 mins ago			

				30 mins ago			

				1 hour ago			

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media