"People have started to be freaks... they follow me and know where my parents live"
Chappell Roan has revealed that she’s actively avoiding getting more popular than she already is after fans have begun displaying “stalker vibes” – see what the pop star had to say below.
Over the last year or so, Chappell Roan has organically become one of the fastest growing pop stars in the world, having performed opened Olivia Rodigo‘s ‘Guts’ tour before putting on headline-making performances at Coachella and Governors Ball this year.
However, the pop star has revealed that she’s uncomfortable with the level of fame she’s attained, and that fans have begun displaying worrying behaviour that makes her feel unsafe.
Speaking on the latest episode of the Comment Section podcast with Drew Afualo, Roan said: “People have started to be freaks — like, [they] follow me and know where my parents live, and where my sister works. All this weird shit.”
Roan recalled: “This is the time when a few years ago when I said that if [there were] stalker vibes or my family was in danger, I would quit. And we’re there. We’re there!”
She told Afualo: “I’m just kind of in this battle… I’ve pumped the brakes on, honestly, anything to make me more known. It’s kind of a forest fire right now. I’m not trying to go do a bunch of shit.”
Credit: Kristen Jan Wong for NME
The NME cover star released her debut studio album, ‘The Rise And Fall Of A Midwest Princess’, last September. In a four-star review, NME described it as “a display of Roan’s bold and brazen pen, where she places searing revelations alongside some deliciously cheeky choruses”.
Roan shared the single ‘Good Luck, Babe!’ this April. The song went to Number Four in the UK, and was covered by Sabrina Carpenter in the BBC Live Lounge in June.
She most recently has announced more US dates for ‘The Midwest Princess Tour’.
Reviewing Roan’s performance at Governors Ball 2024 in New York this summer, NME wrote: “It appeared that every single one of this year’s festival goers was ready for this set and in the pit, so much so that drone footage showed the massive crowd in an Instagram post later that day.
“The pop star – who quickly changed from Lady Liberty into a yellow cab car – treated the swarm of fans to an unreleased song titled ‘Subway’. Roan also revealed that she had turned down an invitation to perform at the White House for Pride and said: ‘We want liberty, justice and freedom for all. When you do that, that’s when I’ll come’.”
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.