The musicians join Chappell Roan, Sabrina Carpenter and more on the VMAs stage
Dia Dipasupil/Getty; Dimitrios Kambouris/Getty; Jason Mendez/Getty; Jacopo Raule/Getty
 The 2024 MTV Video Music Awards are about to get even more star-studded!

 Anitta, Karol G, LL Cool J and Shawn Mendes are set to join the lineup of performers at this year’s VMAs, which will air live from New York’s UBS Arena on Wednesday, Sept. 11.

 The night will mark a return to the stage for Mendes, who last performed at the VMAs in 2021. He’s set to sing a track off his highly anticipated fifth album Shawn, which will be the first televised performance from the album.

 Anitta, meanwhile, will hit the VMAs stage for a third year in a row, performing a medley of “Savage Funk” and “Algeria,” plus the world premiere of “Paradise” with Fat Joe, DJ Khaled and Tiago PZK. She’s nominated three times this year, including best latin.

 Karol G won her first Moon Person last year — and is returning for more, as she’s also up in the best latin category. The star put out her most recent album, Mañana Será Bonito, in February 2023.

 This year will also mark a return to the stage for LL Cool J, who performed last year in his first VMAs performance in over 25 years, during the 50th anniversary of hip-hop tribute. He’s a staple of the award show, as he was the recipient of the 1997 Video Vanguard, and took home his first Moon Person in 1991.

 The latest crop of stars will join previously announced performers Chappell Roan, Sabrina Carpenter, Camila Cabello, GloRilla, Rauw Alejandro, Halsey, Lenny Kravitz, Lisa and Benson Boone.

Lester Cohen/Getty; Monica Schipper/Getty; Phillip Faraone/VF24/Getty
 This year’s show also features 29 first-time nominees, including Carpenter, Roan, Alejandro, Tyla, Jelly Roll, Sexxy Red, Victoria Monét and more.

  Taylor Swift is the most-nominated artist at the 2024 VMAs, coming out with 10 total nods, with her "Fortnight" collaborator Post Malone close behind with nine. Other big names up for Moon People this year include Ariana Grande, Eminem, Megan Thee Stallion, SZA and Olivia Rodrigo.

 Fans can vote for their favorite categories at vote.mtv.com now through Friday, Aug. 30.

 The 2024 MTV Video Music Awards airs live on Wednesday, Sept. 11, at 8 p.m. ET/PT.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)