Good luck, babe! 
Chappell Roan fans are fuming after the singer canceled two of her weekend performances at the last minute. 
The 26-year-old “Midwest Princess” revealed she was pulling out of the All Things Go festival in New York on Saturday and Washington, DC, on Sunday, despite many of her die-hards spending hundreds on tickets and transportation to the event — with some even buying plane tickets to see their favorite artist perform. 
Roan decided to put her mental health first, revealing that “things have gotten overwhelming” for her. 
“I apologize to people who have been waiting to see me in NYC & DC this weekend at All Things Go, but I am unable to perform,” Roan wrote on her Instagram Story on Friday. “Things have gotten overwhelming over the past few weeks and I am really feeling it.”
“I feel pressures to prioritize a lot of things right now and I need a few days to prioritize myhealth. I want to be present when I perform and give the best shows possible. Thank you for understanding. Be back soon xox,” her message concluded.
Fans aren’t happy, immediately taking to social media to air out their grievances. 
“Cancelling with a 24h notice AGAIN … Chappell roan is probably the most unprofessional artist of this new generation I SAID WHAT I SAID,” one person wrote on X, formerly Twitter.
“Not Chappell Roan cancelling on ATG when the festival is THIS WEEKEND … girl I can’t keep defending you,” shared a second. 
“No cause now I’m so pissed. I spent $150 on a train ticket to come to NYC to see Chappell Roan in this festival and a day before the festival, she cancels her appearance. I’m so angry. I get prioritizing you mental health but also when you commit to something, you follow through,” posted a third.
But some are rushing to the artist’s defense.
“To everyone being annoying about Chappell roan … count your mf days it’s your fault for her cancelling her ATG set,” one supporter wrote. “Do people not realize that chappell roan is like … going through a mental health crisis? i don’t blame her for canceling shows, she was literally just diagnosed with severe depression from all of this,” someone else commented.
The “HOT TO GO!” singer has been dealing with a lot, including revealing she was diagnosed with severe depression since she skyrocketed to fame. 
“I went to a psychiatrist last week because I was like, I don’t know what’s going on. She diagnosed me with severe depression – which I didn’t think I had because I’m not actually sad,” the “Pink Pony Club” singer told to the Guardian in an interview published on September 20.
“But I have every symptom of someone who’s severely depressed.”
Roan decided to drop out of the festival days after she revealed she was “voting for f – – king Kamala” but not endorsing either presidential candidate.
“Yeah, I’m voting for f – – king Kamala,” she said on Wednesday, September 25 via TikTok. “F- – k Trump, for f – – king real,” she continued, while critiquing both sides and sharing that voting and endorsing are two different things.
Earlier this month, Roan threatened to quit music “if this ever gets dangerous.” Her comment came weeks after she told off aggressive fans for expecting to have access to her at all times.
“I don’t care that abuse and harassment, stalking, whatever, is a normal thing to do to people who are famous or a little famous, whatever. I don’t care that it’s normal,” Roan said in her TikTok video from August.
“I don’t want whatever the f – – k you think you’re supposed to be entitled to whenever you see a celebrity,” she explained. “I don’t give a f – – k if you think it’s selfish of me to say no for a photo or for your time or for a hug –– that’s not normal, that’s weird!”
Roan also made headlines when she snapped at a photographer on the red carpet at 2024 MTV Video Music Awards, telling them to “shut the f – – k up.”
She went on to win the Best New Artist award. 
Roan landed a deal with Atlantic Records at just 17. Her big break came in 2023 with the release of her first full album, “The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess.”
Advertisement