By
Lauren Boisvert
The VMAs have released a partial list of performers for this year’s award show after rescheduling the broadcast due to conflicts with the presidential debate. The 2024 MTV Video Music Awards were initially scheduled for September 10. However, since the presidential debate between Kamala Harris and Donald Trump was on the same night, MTV moved the VMAs by one day. The awards will now take place on September 11. 
Sabrina Carpenter and Chappell Roan are among the first round of performers announced following the schedule change. Additional performers include GloRilla, Camilla Cabello, and Rauw Alejandro. More artists are expected to be announced as the awards draw closer. 
While MTV did not officially claim the debate was the cause of the rescheduling, but instead made a subtle hint that it was the reason. The network stated that they value the importance of civil engagement and did not want to stand in the way of Americans getting educated on what’s happening in the political world, per a report from Variety. There is also the fact that ratings could have been affected, as people tuned in to the presidential debate instead of the VMAs. 
[RELATED: Taylor Swift Eyeing History as She Leads the Charge for 2024 VMAs; Post Malone and Ariana Grande Headline Nominees]
While the rescheduling puts the VMAs on September 11—the anniversary of the 2001 terror attacks—MTV noted that they recognize the importance of their decision. In a statement, the network shared that it “will again support the nonprofit 9/11 Day, which organizes the September 11 National Day of Service and Remembrance, and Tuesday’s Children, which serves the families of 9/11.”
As for the current lineup of performers, a few of them are nominees as well. GloRilla is a first-time nominee with MTV Push Performance of the Year for “Lick Or Sum” in September 2023, Best Hip-Hop for “Yeah Glo!,” and Best Collaboration for “Wanna Be” with Megan Thee Stallion. 
Sabrina Carpenter is nominated for Artist of the Year, Song of the Year for “Espresso,” Best Pop, Best Direction with Bardia Zeinali for “Please Please Please,” Best Editing with Jai Shukla for “Espresso,” and Best Art Direction with Nicholas des Jardins for “Please Please Please.”
Chappell Roan scooped up a couple of nominations, as well as her first award show performance. She’s nominated for Best New Artist, and MTV Push Performance of the Year for “Red Wine Supernova” in March 2024.
Rauw Alejandro is also a first-time nominee, scoring a Best Latin, Best Cinematography with Camilo Monsalve, and Best Choreography with Felix ‘Fefe’ Burgos, all for “Touching the Sky.”
Featured Image by Daniel DeSlover/ZUMA Press Wire/Shutterstock
Only members can comment. Become a member. Already a member? Log in.
Why Eric Church Thinks Morgan Wallen’s Chair-Throwing Arrest Was “Actually A Good Thing”
The Forgotten Genius of Judee Sill: Folk Music’s Sacred Rebel
Why Tony Iommi Changed His Mind About the Black Sabbath Reunion

			© 2025 American Songwriter			American Songwriter: a Savage Ventures Brand