By CARLY JOHNSON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  00:23, 16 October 2024   |  Updated:  08:57, 16 October 2024   
 344
View  comments
Rocking the iconic angel wings, Gigi Hadid opened the 2024 Victoria's Secret Fashion show as it made its triumphant return on Tuesday night.
Airing live on Amazon's Prime Video, the iconic runway show was held at the Victoria's Secret flagship store in New York City after a six-year hiatus.
The 2024 show also saw the return of Victoria's Secret vets Alessandra Ambrosio, Candice Swanepoel and Adriana Lima as well as next generation icons Taylor Hill and Barbara Palvin.
Cher served as the night's headlining performer along with Blackpink alum Lisa and rising star Tyla — marking the show's first-ever, all-woman musical lineup.
Legendary supermodel Tyra Banks closed out the show while Gigi's younger sister Bella Hadid — who fans hailed as the 'queen' of the Victoria's Secret runway — made a surprise cameo in head-to-toe red lingerie.
The show's highly-anticipated revival comes three years after the lingerie brand's controversial 'woke' body-positive rebrand in 2021.
Victoria's Secret's iconic Angels were replaced by 'ambassadors' like soccer star Megan Rapinoe and the company axed its longtime CEO in wake of falling sales and a bombshell expose that accused the company of misogyny, sexual harassment and bullying.
Rocking the iconic angel wings, Gigi Hadid opened the 2024 Victoria's Secret Fashion show as it made its triumphant return on Tuesday night 
Airing live on Amazon's Prime Video , the iconic runway show was held at the Victoria's Secret flagship store in New York City after a six-year hiatus
Lisa kicked off the show with an ultra sexy performance of her hit Rockstar, which saw her ride into the venue on a motorcycle as models got hyped up backstage.
Surrounded by leather-clad dancers, the singer, 27, flashed her toned tummy in a black vinyl bra shaped like angel wings.
It was styled with a chainmail shrug and micro shorts.
Lisa delivered elaborate choreography under pink stage lights on the massive catwalk. 
Gigi opened the legendary show — which first aired in 1995 — wearing pastel pink wings and a silky pink costume.
Her short blonde hair was tucked behind her ears, allowing her to show off her sparkly hoop earrings. 
The model, 29, strutted her stuff to a fun mash-up of Chappell Roan's hits Femininomenon and Charli XCX's viral single 360.
Later, Gigi bared it all in a see-through red lace bodysuit and a red ruffled boa that rested in the crook of her arms as she made her way down the catwalk.
The mother-of-one styled her racy outfit with pink heels that featured glittery butterfly wings on the ankles. 
Coming out of a six-year retirement, Adriana Lima, 43, made her highly-anticipated runway return on Tuesday.
Brooklyn Beckham and Nicola Peltz skip David's birthday dinner
Sydney Sweeney gets flirty with MGK & Patrick Schwarzenegger
Kanye comes out as gay in wild rant about Kim and their kids
Victoria celebrates David Beckham's 50th in heart-warming post
Bianca Censori appears to walk around naked on Kanye West's livestream
Lorraine Kelly reveals secret health battle from hospital bed
Holly Madison reveals 'disgusting' sex acts with Hugh Hefner
Ryan Reynolds dodges questions about Travis Kelce 'unfollowing'
Young guitarist get through to final as BGT is hit by fix row
Bridget Jones author reveals she was 'groped' while at the BBC
Sam Fender reveals Adolescence star Owen Cooper starring in new video
Danny Jones returns to the stage with McFly after 'kiss scandal'
Gigi modeled a pastel pink wings and a glittering pink costume with a plunging neckline
The model, 29, strutted her stuff to a fun mash-up of Chappell Roan's hits Femininomenon and Charli XCX's viral single 360
She wore heels decked out with pink rhinestones and straps that crawled up her toned calves
She made her first Victoria's Secret Fashion Show appearance in 2015
Gigi was clearly in her element on the runway
Gigi's look also wowed from behind
As Cher performed her hit track Believe, Gigi returned to the runway in a daring see-through red bodysuit and a ruffled red boa
The look left very little to the imagination as she struck pose after pose
She rocked pink heels with butterfly wings on the ankles
The glamorous blonde had the audience cheering for her
She puckered up for the cameras
Coming out of a six-year retirement, Adriana Lima, 43, made her highly-anticipated runway return on Tuesday
Walking to the beat of Chappell Roan's Super Graphic Ultra Modern Girl, the Brazilian beauty made jaws drop in a glittery pink and black plaid bodysuit and pink holographic wings
 Her look also consisted of a skimpy sparkly black bra and thong underwear
Adriana retired from Victoria's Secret in 2018 after a 20-year career with the brand
For her second look of the night, Adriana slipped into a red lace teddy
She had on red abstract wings covered in rhinestones that sparkled under the runway lights 
She accessorized the red hot look with sky-high heels and earrings
Adriana flashed a peace sign at the cameras
After recently taking time off from modeling to focus on her Lyme disease battle, Bella Hadid looked better than ever as she strutted down the runway in a spectacular all-red outfit
A busty bra and thong-style underwear allowed the 28-year-old to flaunt her chiseled abs
She wore a billowing red feather cloak that nearly consumed her slender 5foot11inch frame
The brunette beauty puckered up for the cameras as she hit the end of the runway
Cher sang just feet away from Bella
As confetti rained down on the ladies upon the show's close, sisters Gigi and Bella proudly walked side-by-side down the runway
Tyra Banks, 50, closed out the iconic runway show in a busty black corset covered in rhinestones
Banks served as a Victoria's Secret Angel from 1997 to 2005
The catwalk queen exuded confidence
She wore a dramatic cloak and her hair was styled voluminously for the occasion in NYC
For the sexy 'rock 'n' roll' section of the show, legendary 90s supermodel Kate Moss served as the opener
The 50-year-old sizzled in black feather wings and a sheer, black lace dress over a skimpy bodysuit
Guitarist Orianthi played for the crowd as Kate walked
Also featured was Kate's look-alike daughter Lila Moss, 22, who made her Victoria's Secret runway debut on Tuesday
She wore silver wings that spelled out her name as she confidently cruised down the catwalk in high-heels
She wore a pink push-up bra and matching underwear with a flirty fringe shrug
Alessandra Ambrosio, 43, brought the heat in her first Victoria's Secret show in six years in sparkly gold wings and an ultra sexy black lingerie outfit
The mother-of-two oozed sex appeal in the revealing look that included the brand's iconic bombshell push-up bra
Ambrosio first became a Victoria's Secret Angel in 2004 before retiring in 2017
Alessandra put on a very cheeky display 
Leonardo DiCaprio's girlfriend Vittoria Ceretti, 26, wowed the crowd in a skimpy iridescent bodysuit that showcased her enviably flat tummy and endless legs
Vittoria returned towards the end of the show in a jaw-dropping red look
Taylor Hill, 28, dazzled in a crystal-covered bra and loose silk pajama pants with wings covered in beaded tassels on her back
Her barely-there top was styled with a pink Victoria's Secret thong and the brand's beloved pink and white stripe pajamas
Gigi and Adriana's section of the show also saw the return of Victoria's Secret vet Doutzen Kroes, 39
Walking to the beat of Chappell Roan's Super Graphic Ultra Modern Girl, the Brazilian beauty made jaws drop in a glittery pink and black plaid bodysuit and pink holographic wings. 
Her look also consisted of a skimpy sparkly black bra and thong underwear.
Her hair was worn in a high ponytail as she playfully blew a kiss at the camera.
Later, Adriana returned in a skimpy all-red outfit that featured a lace teddy, red wings and tie-wrap heels.
The show also saw the return of Victoria's Secret vet Doutzen Kroes.
The 39-year-old looked angelic wearing silver metallic wings and a tiny pastel pink bra and panty set. 
Taylor Hill, 28, dazzled in a crystal-covered bra and loose pants with wings covered in beaded tassels. 
Her barely-there top was styled with a pink Victoria's Secret thong and the brand's favorite pink and white stripe pajama bottoms. 
Next, Tyla graced the runway for her jaw-dropping performance. She was clad in an ultra busty silver and gold look with dramatic white feather wings.
Victoria's Secret favorite Candice Swanepoel, 35, also made her long-awaited catwalk return.
The blonde beauty left very little to the imagination in a sparkly bra and thong underwear.
It was styled with wings that spelled out 'Victoria's Secret' in elegant cursive lettering. 
Kate Moss' look-alike daughter Lila, 22, made her Victoria's Secret debut alongside Candice and Leonardo DiCaprio's model girlfriend Vittoria Ceretti, 26.
Victoria's Secret favorite Candice Swanepoel, 35, also made her long-awaited catwalk return
The blonde beauty left very little to the imagination in a sparkly bra and thong underwear
It was styled with wings that spelled out 'Victoria's Secret' in elegant cursive lettering
She returned later in the night in skimpy red lingerie
Instead of wings, she had a giant red bow on her back
She strutted her stuff in glittery red heels
Wearing a dramatic black mesh cloak covered in stars, Irina Shayk, 38, flaunted her sculpted abs and endless legs in a sheer black bodysuit
The mother-of-one flashed a beaming smile
Valentina Sampaio — Victoria's Secret's first transgender model — graced the runway in a G-string and a fishnet skirt
Instead of wings, the 27-year-old beauty wore a large black bow on her back
Victoria's Secret first hired the Brazilian model in 2019 
Adam Levine's model wife Behati Prinsloo, 36 — who became an Angel back in 2009 — stunned onlookers in her own sexy all-black getup
She modeled a black slip dress with a sexy thigh-high slit, tie-wrap heels and unique silver chrome wings
Joan Smalls, 36, looked sensational while having legs for days in tiny black panties and bustier top
She wore epic black feather wings for her runway return
Joan's look also looked incredible from behind as she made her way to backstage
Barbara Palvin, 31, put on a busty display in a low-cut sparkly gown worn with silver chrome wings
Josephine Skriver, 31, put on a very cheeky display in a lace lilac thong 
Ashley Graham, 36, showed off her incredible curves in a sexy all-black look during the edgier section of the show
She sported a black lace-up bodysuit with a matching mesh lace robe
Catwalk queen Eva Herzigová, 51, looked phenomenal in a sheer black lace bodysuit, a push-up bra and fringe heels
Carla Bruni, 56, wowed in a black thong, a glittery corset and black beaded wings
The iconic model flashed her famous smile
She accessorized with sparkly silver earrings and heels with sexy beaded fringe on the straps
Putting an even sexier spin on Victoria's Secret's iconic silk pajamas, Anok Yai, 26, hit the runway in only a red pushup bra with a silk robe tied around the waist of her pajama bottoms
Vittoria wowed the crowd in a skimpy iridescent bodysuit that showcased her enviably flat tummy and endless legs.
The next section of the show had a sexy 'rock 'n' roll' theme that opened with legendary 90s supermodel Kate Moss.
The 50-year-old sizzled in black feather wings and a sheer, black lace dress over a skimpy bodysuit.
The blonde beauty smoldered as she made the long trek down the runway in sky-high heels.
Adam Levine's model wife Behati Prinsloo, 36 — who became an Angel back in 2009 — stunned onlookers in her own sexy all-black getup.
She modeled a black slip dress with a sexy thigh-high slit, tie-wrap heels and unique silver chrome wings. 
Wearing a dramatic black mesh cloak covered in stars, Irina Shayk flaunted her sculpted abs and endless legs in a sheer black bodysuit.
Joan Smalls, 36, looked sensational while having legs for days in tiny black underwear and epic black feather wings. 
Valentina Sampaio, 27 — Victoria's Secret's first transgender model — graced the runway in a G-string and a fishnet skirt.
Alessandra Ambrosio, 43, brought the heat in her first Victoria's Secret show in six years in sparkly gold wings and an ultra sexy black lingerie outfit.
The mother-of-two oozed sex appeal in the revealing look that included the brand's iconic bombshell push-up bra. 
Cher led the runway show's first-ever all-woman lineup on Tuesday night
She kicked off her performance with her 1998 hit Strong Enough
She was surrounded by passionate backup dancers as she belted the song's empowering lyrics
Cher also sang her beloved 1998 track Believe
For her performance, the 78-year-old sizzled in all-black
Lisa kicked off the show with an ultra sexy performance of her hit Rockstar, which saw her ride into the venue on a motorcycle as models got hyped up backstage
Surrounded by leather-clad dancers, the singer, 27, flashed her toned tummy in a black vinyl bra shaped like angel wings
It was styled with a chainmail shrug and micro shorts. Lisa's delivered elaborate choreography under pink stage lights on the massive catwalk
For her second act, Lisa got to live out her Victoria's Secret Angel fantasy
She looked sensational in goth angel wings and a cutout bodysuit
Tyla graced the runway for her jaw-dropping performance
She was clad in an ultra busty silver and gold look
She rocked dramatic white feather wings
Tyla looked beyond runway-worthy
After taking time off from modeling to focus on her Lyme disease battle, Bella Hadid looked better than ever as she strutted down the runway in spectacular all-red outfit. 
A busty bra and thong-style underwear allowed the 28-year-old to flaunt her chiseled abs.
She wore a billowing red feather cloak that nearly consumed her slender 5foot11inch frame. 
Barbara Palvin, 31, put on a busty display in a low-cut sparkly gown worn with silver chrome wings as the Hungarian beauty returned to the catwalk on Tuesday night.
Ashley Graham, 36, showed off her incredible curves in a sexy all-black look during the edgier section of the show.
The Revlon mainstay sported a black lace-up bodysuit with a matching mesh lace robe.
Catwalk queen Eva Herzigová, 51, looked phenomenal in a sheer black lace bodysuit, a push-up bra and fringe heels.
Josephine Skriver, 31, put on a cheeky display in a sheer lilac lace thong as she twirled for those in the front row.
Jasmine Tookes, 33, dazzled in an angelic beaded blue look that featured white lace underwear and a balconette bra.
To close out the show, Tyra Banks emerged from the stage in a very busty crystal-covered corset and skintight pants.
As confetti fell on her and the rest of the models, the 50-year-old modeling icon flashed her signature 'smize.'
Tyra retired from the Victoria's Secret catwalk in 2005 after appearing in runway shows for the lingerie brand for eight years.
Cher led the runway show's first-ever all-woman lineup on Tuesday night.
The 78-year-old icon kicked off her performance with her 1998 hit Strong Enough. She also sang her beloved 1998 track Believe.
For her performance, the 78-year-old sizzled in an edgy all-black outfit that displayed her incredibly slim figure.
Hours before storming the 2024 catwalk, the models allowed cameras backstage as hairstylists and makeup artists transformed them from bare-faced beauties to full-glam vixens.
The iconic '90s show announced it was returning in May after a four-year hiatus.
The fashion show was canceled in 2019 after dealing with bad ratings and a whole slew of wild controversies, and has since made an effort to become more inclusive.
TikTok star Alex Consani looked ethereal during her runway stint
Her sequin top and hot pants were styled with pillowed wings 
Grace Elizabeth flaunted her sculpted legs in a feminine pink look that featured a lace bustier top
Isabeli Fontana made jaws drop in a gold feather jacket over a black lace bra and panties
He Cong stunned in a bedazzled bra and panty set styled with a glamorous feather boa
Her feather boa dragged onto the floor behind her as she strutted her stuff down the runway
Devyn Garcia beamed with pride while showing off her curves in a rose-patterned bustier and sexy skirt
Blesnya Minher delivered Barbie glam in a see-through pink dress with fringe over a bedazzle bra and underwear
Mika Schneider looked effortlessly stunning a sheer pink getup
Jessie Aina had legs for days while a glamorous coat with her lingerie 
Sporting massive butterfly-esque wings decked out with colorful rhinestones, Vika Evseeva turned heads on the runway
Paloma Elsesser put on a red hot display in a cutout bodysuit with a large red bow on her back
Looking edgy chic, Sun Mizrahi wore a bedazzled motorcycle jacket over a purple push-up bra
Rania Benchegra put on a cheeky display in bedazzled panties
Alaato Jazyp looked radiant in a sexy cage bra and beaded heels
Victoria's Secret announced the major news with an Instagram post, promising the 2024 show would 'reflect who we are today, plus everything you know and love—the glamour, runway, wings, musical entertainment.'
The popular early aughts mall brand previously returned with a 'reimagined' Victoria's Secret World Tour Prime show in 2023 that was not well received - people called the show boring.
Many former fans watching at home called for the return of former Victoria's Secret Angels like Gisele Bündchen, Heidi Klum, Molly Sims, Tyra Banks, Adriana Lima and more.
That was far from the biggest issue with the brand, as Victoria's Secret has dealt with multiple controversies over the last few years.
In 2020, a bombshell report in The New York Times claimed that Victoria's Secret owner Les Wexner mocked the retail industry's efforts to champion women of different body types.
The Times interviewed more than 30 executives, employees, contractors and models, and looked at court filings to find a toxic culture of sexual harassment.
Employees said Wexner mocked the retail industry's efforts to embrace a variety of body types by allegedly saying, 'Nobody goes to a plastic surgeon and says, 'Make me fat.''
Wexner was said to also berate employees about their weight, including fat shaming an employee for getting seconds at a buffet.
After the backlash, the lingerie company rebranded in an effort to appeal to Gen Z and named new brand ambassadors, including soccer player Megan Rapinoe and transgender model Valentina Sampaio.
Ahead of the 2024 show, fans flocked to to beg Victoria's Secret to return to their glamorous roots.
Despite the brand's assurances that this year's show would 'reflect who we are today, plus everything you know and love,' one woman started a social media firestorm when she tweeted, 'Victoria's Secret fashion show is tomorrow and I hope they bring back THIS fashion show with the femininity, glamour, glitter and girl power! I don't want to see none of that political woke stuff.'
Many people agreed, and the tweet on X (formerly Twitter) received more than 4,200 retweets.
'And girl power! None of that woke stuff,' someone else wrote.
However, some called her out in the comments, with one writing, 'Y'all just want the skinny back LMAO,' and others saying, 'God I wish I could be this willfully ignorant LIKE.'
The ladies were also captured backstage as they changed in and out of their show-stopping looks
Gigi modeled her final look of the night
Gigi rocked the iconic Victoria's Secret robe as she posed for photos with Imaan Hammam and Grace Elizabeth
Candice Swanepoel, Behati Prinsloo, Irina Shayk and Joan Smalls looked proud of themselves as they rushed down the stage stairs
Valentina Sampaio, Jessie Aina, Jill Kortleve, Neelam Gill, Paula Soares and Adriana Lima showed off their looks backstage
Bella Hadid kicked back in a Victoria's Secret robe before he surprise cameo
Bella looked thrilled to be reunited with Victoria's Secret icon and 90s supermodel Tyra Banks
The model duo looked incredible
Banks closed the star-studded show in NYC
Bella Hadid (right) seen with backstage with look-alike Carla Bruni, Eva Herzigová and Grace Elizabeth backstage
Rocking a fresh tan, Candice Swanepoel posed up backstage
She spent time with Kate Moss' daughter Lila Moss
Lila Moss made her Victoria's Secret debut alongside her model icon mom
Mia Armstrong, Doutzen Kroes, Lila Moss and Vika Evseeva were captured walking down the backstage stairs after dominating the runway together
Blesnya Minher and Andreea Diaconu stunned in blush-toned looks as they mingled backstage
Victoria's Secret veteran Alessandra Ambrosio showed off her backside while chatting with Vivienne Rohner, Isabeli Fontana and Eva Herzigová
Alessandra also appeared backstage with Jill Kortleve
Behati Prinsloo smiled after her runway return
She happily kicked off her heels and put on some Victoria's Secret slippers
Joan Smalls got a last-minute body makeup touchup before her stage stint
Valentina Sampaio posed for photos before taking to the runway 
Alex Consani and Isabeli Fontana flaunted their fit forms backstage
Barbara Palvin celebrated by kicking off her heels
Ashley Graham looked like a goddess as she prepared to walk the catwalk with her fellow models
The Victoria's Secret Fashion Show 2024 had a star-studded guest list that included Cardi B
The rapper, 32, was seated front row with Kysre Gondrezick
Aaron Rose Philip, Nil Sani, Eva Gutowski, Remi Bader, Paige Lorenze, Ellie Thumann, Asia Monet and Larsen Thompson watched the models walk down the runway from the front row
Performer Cher, 78, had the support of her much-younger boyfriend Alexander Edwards, 38, and pal Tyga, 34
La La Anthony, Emma Thynn, Queen Latifah and Angel Reese posed up ahead of the show
Queen Latifah looked incredible in all-black as she sat beside Eboni Nichols and Hillary Super
Emma Thynn cozied up to Jodie Turner-Smith during the starry runway show
They chatted during the festivities in NYC
Ice Spice showed off a new hairdo as she snuck a few photos on the runway before the models came out
Influencers Mary Leest, Jessica Wang, Jackie Aina, Patrick Ta and Meredith Duxbury snagged a front row seat
Chelsea Boatey wowed in white as she posed for a photo on the runway before grabbing her seat
Brittany Xavier, Chriselle Lim, Molly Chiang, Sandra Shehab and Xenia Adonts looked on eagerly from the front row
Others claimed that VS hasn't been the same since Rihanna started Savage x Fenty lingerie and 'stole the show' with her own A-list approved runway which was much more inclusive.
Another critic tweeted, 'tomorrow is Victoria's Secret Fashion Show! It was canceled in 2019 for woke reasons, now they're back. Always loved to watch it, as it shows what is possible. Nature is healing.'
On Reddit, many fashionistas were more concerned at the idea that famed VS Angels would be replaced by nepo babies and influencers.
'I expect it to be a bunch of nepo babies clunking around in their underpants,' one Reddit user declared.
On the same Reddit thread someone wrote, 'I don't see the point, tbh; their stuff is a lot lower quality than it used to be. I hope there won't be any influencers walking.'
'Sponsored by Ozempic,' a commenter snarked, as another person agreed, 'This is what I was thinking. They waited for the plus size models 'trend' to end and the show is coming back.'
Never really into this show, but I remember enough...

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group