All products featured on Allure are independently selected by our editors. However, we may receive compensation from retailers and/or from purchases of products through these links.
Of all the awards shows, the MTV Video Music Awards (AKA VMAs) may stake claim to the most iconic moments of all time, and we're not just talking about Britney Spears and her yellow snake. We're talking about hair, makeup, manicures, and everything in between. Since their very first show back in 1984, the VMAs have also been home to some of the most iconic beauty looks of all time: Lil' Kim in her purple wig and jumpsuit, Taylor Swift's shimmering diamond eye makeup, Beyoncé's half-up hairstyle with tousled curls from the 2003 show, and the list goes on and on. True to fashion, the best beauty looks at the 2024 VMAs continued the tradition.
The VMAs are about having fun, expressing yourself, and not taking fashion and beauty too seriously. (This isn't the Oscars!) Given that the 2024 show was the 40th anniversary of the VMAs, the lineup was stacked with stars, including performers Chappell Roan and Sabrina Carpenter, nominees SZA and Ariana Grande, and host Megan Thee Stallion, who also pulled double duty as a performer. And as you might expect, everyone took their glam game to the next level, including a Hollywood glam hair cut from Carpenter, medieval braids for Roan, and so, so much more.
Ahead, check out some of the best beauty looks at the 2024 VMAs.
Is this Reputation promo? Maybe! Taylor Swift's smoky eye felt very Rep-coded, and she traded her usual red lip for a grungier peach shade.
Tinashe's combo of tiny braids braids and beachy, honey-blonde waves spilling down her back lit up the red carpet.
The “Water” singer looked stunning in caramel brown curls with hints of golden highlights and a glossy lined lip.
Rapper GloRilla's combo of buns, braids, and looped circles of hair needs to be admired from all angles, just like her square-tipped French manicure.
Our host for the night, Thee Hot Girl Coach—or is it Hot Girl Host?—looked gorgeous in an angled black bob with bangs and long, neutral pink nails. “I wanted to give Hot Girl Summer glam but dark beauty,” she explained of her look. “I feel pretty iconic.”
Camila Cabello, set to perform at the show, ditched her blonde hair and went back to her natural brunette. For the night or for good? We shall see!
If you looked up “curtain bangs” in the dictionary, musician Suki Waterhouse's would probably be right underneath it—they're that perfect.
Please please please give us more of this Old Hollywood glam! Sabrina Carpenter looked like a 2024 Marilyn Monroe in full curls and rose red lips, plus her signature pink blush and a glittery white mani. As if this glam couldn't get better, Carpenter was actually wearing a vintage Bob Mackie gown originally worn by Madonna.
Carpenter's hair process took quite awhile and even involved a hair cut. Stylist Evanie Frausto prepped her bangs in a roller and let it sit for six hours before it was time to get ready. Frausto cut Carpenter's hair to shoulder length, then dampened it and applied Redken Volume Maximizer from roots to ends before blowing her hair out. Once her hair was dry, he curled it with both a 1" and ¾" iron for “tightness and bounce” with the new shorter length. Redken Dry Texture Spray and Brushable Hairspray made sure she was ready for the red carpet.
Halle Bailey in a bright red lip always hits right, and don't think we missed that vampy dark fall manicure!
Chappell Roan, nominated for Best New Artist and set to perform, pulled out all the stops for her big moment with her red hair in pulled half-up and braided in a medieval style, penciled-in skinny brows, and berry lips, plus white mascara on her lower lashes. Long, ultra-sharp stiletto nails jutted out from under her mesh chainmail gloves. Joan of Arc who?
Manicurist Juan Alvear stacked Gel-X Sculpted Square Long Tips with gold chrome over Stiletto Extra Extra Long Tips with silver chrome, added the pearl accent, and finished with a topcoat.
Hairstylist Dom Forletta said, “We wanted to create a very natural, kind of medieval soft wave— almost like it could be her natural texture, with intricate braids in the front and back of her hair.” Forletta, who used Bumble & bumble on the star, prepped the hair with Hairdresser’s Invisible Oil Primer and curled Roan's hair, then brushed out the curls, adding Hairdresser’s Invisible Oil for shine. He braided and pinned back portions of Roan's hair, then attached a “netted braided piece” to the back of Roan's head. The finishing touch was Spray de Mode Hairspray.
Makeup artist Andrew Dahling used a variety of MAC Cosmetics products on the star, including Studio Fix Fluid 24hr Matte Foundation and Paintstick in White on her face; Glow Play Cushiony Blush in Grand, Blush Please, and True Harmony on her cheeks; and a combo of Lip Pencils in Auburn and Nightmoth and MACXimal Silky Matte Lipsticks in Velvet Teddy and Sin on her lips.
Rapper Doechii, who joined Katy Perry onstage during her Video Vanguard performance, matched her white stiletto manicure to her jacket and wore her hair in braids of varying sizes atop her head. The bleached brows were a cool touch.
To create Doechii's braided updo, stylist Malcolm Marquez slicked her hair up with got2b Blasting Freeze Spray, blow drying between layers and topping the layers with got2b Glued Styling Gel. To shape and sculpt the braids, he used got2b Glued Smooth & Hold Mousse for shine and hold, with got2b Bonding Glue for extra hold and got2b 2-in-1 Brow & Edge Gel on Doechii's edges.
Halsey went for a red-on-red vibe with pin-straight crimson hair and a matching red leopard print vintage Versace gown, plus a black and red manicure and rose-brown lips. Hairstylist Marty Harper used Bellami's Silk Seam Extensions to add length, saying, “Halsey and I wanted to push the '90s-inspired slay so it was about length and dimension. Lots of layers.”
BLACKPINK bandmate Lisa, who was nominated and performed at the show, leaned into 2024's blush trend with baby pink cheeks (and lips!) to match her pale pink Mugler.
Insert flame emoji here. Musician Karol G wore an orange and yellow flame-inspired gown with long blonde hair with peekaboo dark roots and a traffic-stopping, satiny red lip.
More celebrity beauty inspo:
Now, watch 2023's Video Vanguard winner Shakira revisit her music video looks:
Follow Allure on Instagram and TikTok, or subscribe to our newsletter to stay up to date on all things beauty.
More from Allure The BEAUTY EXPERT
Contact
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Allure may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices