By JIMMY BRIGGS FOR DAILY MAIL AUSTRALIA 
 Published:  16:30, 14 September 2024   |  Updated:  16:34, 14 September 2024   
 17
View  comments
American pop star Chappell Roan has teased an upcoming Australian tour, at this week's MTV Video Music Awards in New York City.
The 26-year-old singer, who was born Kayleigh Amstutz, was speaking to Nova presenter Kent 'Smallzy' Small at the event, when she revealed the exciting news.
'Australia loves you and we would love to see you! Any plans in the diary?' Smallzy asked her, to which she replied she was currently planning an Aussie tour.
'Oh yes darling, I know Australia love me, I love Australia,' Chappell began.
'I'm going to come, we're coming! I'm planning.' 
Chappell's music has won the hearts of Australian audiences, and she currently has two singles in the ARIA charts and her debut album The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess made the top five earlier this year. 
It comes after many of her Aussie fans were crushed to learn they didn't know the pop star toured the country last year.
 The singer-songwriter's fame has been rapidly rising this year, but she was relatively obscure when she visited Down Under in November 2023.
American pop star Chappell Roan has teased an upcoming Australian tour, at this week's MTV Video Music Awards. The 26-year-old singer was speaking to Nova presenter Kent 'Smallzy' Small at the event, when she revealed the exciting news. Both pictured
Chappell's music has won the hearts of Australian audiences, and she currently has two singles in the ARIA charts and her debut album made the top five earlier this year
TikTok user @taliaontourr recently shared a short video of Roan performing at Liberty Hall in Sydney last year.
'The most magical concert ever,' the TikTokker captioned her video. 
Soon after, Roan fans flocked to the comments to express their shock and disappointment that they had missed seeing their pop idol.
'Sydney? Like Australia?' wrote one fan, to which another replied, 'Yes, last November.'
'Ugh I wish I knew about that,' another follower said, while someone else complained 'I am so jealous I didn't discover her sooner.' 
'Whyyyyy am I always way too late and miss the BEST artists before they're famous?! WHAT IS THE SECRET?!' one more fan commented.
Meanwhile, another Roan fan joked, 'I couldn't afford to go and was like "oh next time" and now I feel like when she comes back it'll be like the damn Hunger Games trying to get a ticket.'
After being told that Australians love her music, Chappell replied that she was planning an upcoming Aussie tour

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group