The festive season has been lit up with the release of A Nonsense Christmas with Sabrina Carpenter on Netflix, and fans are overjoyed with the holiday special from the beloved pop sensation.
The special show features performances from Sabrina's seasonal EP Fruitcake, along with unique duets, a host of celebrity appearances, and a variety of comedy sketches.
A highlight of the special is when Sabrina teams up with singer-songwriter Chappell Roan for a captivating version of Last Christmas. The duo, donned in matching velvet green ensembles adorned with sparkling jewels, showcase their vocal prowess within a festively decorated living room setting.
Following the premiere of A Nonsense Christmas, social media has been abuzz with excitement as fans celebrate the collaboration between their two favourite artists.
One fan shared their emotional reaction: "I cried for real. It's my all time favourite Christmas song! ! !" while another echoed the sentiment: "I cried too, real tears. It's my lifelong favourite Christmas song and Chappell is my fave artist, I loop her album daily."
Another viewer was taken aback by the duet with Chappell, saying: "Wow the Chappell duet? ? ? I didn't realise how much I love hearing Chappell's voice until this. So pleasing to my ears and their voices are so good together!", reports the Mirror.
Meanwhile, one Twitter, now X, user couldn't contain their excitement as they said: "The Sabrina and Chappell Last Christmas duet dropped and I don't think I'll ever be the same again, sorry chat."
And yet another fan couldn't help but rave: "Chappell Roan and Sabrina Carpenter singing Last Christmas was actually the best thing I've ever heard."
In addition to Chappell, the special also showcased duets with other artists such as Tyla, Shania Twain and Kali Uchis.
The programme was further enlivened by comedy sketches featuring guest appearances from Nico Hiraga, Quinta Brunson, Cara Delevingne, Kyle Mooney, Megan Stalter, Sean Astin, Owen Thiele and Jillian Bell.
Not only did she star in the show, but the singer also produced it in collaboration with OBB Pictures under her At Last Productions banner.
Sabrina has enjoyed a remarkable year, marked by the release of her Short n' Sweet album which topped the charts in ten different countries and has since achieved 2x platinum status.
Moreover, she sold out her inaugural US arena tour and received an impressive eight Grammy nominations.
A Nonsense Christmas with Sabrina Carpenter is now streaming on Netflix
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.