Meanwhile, Sabrina Carpenter becomes the solo female artist with most combined weeks at No. 1 in a calendar year. 

													By
												

	Lars Brandle


	The long drought is over for Snow Patrol, as the alternative rock act nabs the U.K. No. 1 with The Forest Is The Path (via Polydor). 

	The Northern Irish-Scottish band, comprised of Gary Lightbody, Johnny McDaid and Nathan Connolly, previously led the Official Chart with 2006’s Eyes Open – almost two decades ago.

	The leader at the midweek stage, The Forest Is The Path is Snow Patrol’s eighth studio album, and eighth top 10 appearance. 





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Mase Wants Fans to Vote If He Should Attend Diddy's Trial		
	



	05/02/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Chappell Roan		
					






















	
		
					Eminem		
					






















	
		
					London Grammar		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	“We are absolutely over the moon, it’s our first Number 1 album in 18 years and we’re overjoyed,” reads a statement from Snow Patrol to the Official Charts Company. “Thank you so much to everybody who bought it and streamed it, and everybody that helped us make it, and everybody that’s helped us over these last 30 years.” 




			Trending on Billboard		






	Also arriving on the chart is London Grammar’s fourth studio album The Greatest Love (Ministry of Sound), new at No. 3. It’s the best-seller on wax this week. The Greatest Love is London Grammar’s fourth top 10 appearance, a tally that includes two leaders (2017’s Truth Is a Beautiful Thing and 2021’s Californian Soil).

	










	Meanwhile, Eminem’s former leader The Death of Slim Shady (Coup de Grace) roars back into the top 5 following the release of an “Expanded Mourner’s Edition.”

	Over on the Official U.K. Singles Chart, published Friday, Sept. 20, Sabrina Carpenter completes a fourth week at No. 1 with “Taste” (Island).

	It’s the third U.K. chart leader this year for Carpenter, lifting her total weeks at No. 1 in 2024 to 16, the OCC reports. With that effort, she becomes the solo female artist with most combined weeks at No. 1 in a calendar year. 

	Olivia Newton-John also clocked up 16 weeks in 1978, by way of Grease duets with John Travolta on “You’re The One That I Want” (nine weeks) and “Summer Nights” (six weeks).

	Finally, after her performance at last week’s VMAs, Chappell Roan’s “Good Luck, Babe!” (Island) rebounds 3-2, its equal peak position. Also, the U.S. pop artist’s “HOT TO GO!” improves 11-9, a new peak, and “Pink Pony Club” makes its Official Chart debut at No. 21, for Roan’s fourth U.K. top 40 appearance (“Red Wine Supernova” hit No. 31). 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.