The "Good Luck, Babe" singer referenced Colby multiple times over the last few months, and specifically credited her during an appearance on The Tonight Show. 

													By
												

	Stephen Daw

Pride Editor

	From one pink pony girl to another, drag icon Sasha Colby is sharing the love with breakout pop “Femininomenon” Chappell Roan. 

	In an interview with Entertainment Weekly, the winner of RuPaul’s Drag Race season 15 reacted to the pop star’s interpretation of her now-iconic catchphrase, calling herself “your favorite artist’s favorite artist.” 

	“The night of the finale for season 16, when I gave up the crown, was also the night of the finale for my Stripped [tour], and that’s when Chappell said it at Coachella,” she said in the interview. “To see Jimmy Fallon say my name is kind of wild. I just talked to Chappell, we just talked for a little bit. We were very meet-and-greet-y, like, ‘I love you, I think you’re amazing.'”

	Colby originally referred to herself as “your favorite drag queen’s favorite drag queen” during her “Meet the Queens” interview for season 15 of Drag Race. Roan later presented herself using the phrase during her Coachella set in April, with many of her fans spreading the clip of her introduction online. 

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	During her recent appearance on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon, Roan made sure to give proper credit where it was due. “That was a reference to Sasha Colby, and Sasha Colby said, ‘I’m your favorite drag queen’s favorite drag queen,'” she told the host. “It just hit me through the heart. And so I hope one day Sasha Colby watches me, and that’s why I said it.”

	Colby added that she appreciated seeing a major pop star directly credit her for her contribution, and said she hoped more pop stars would take notes. “Drag has always been a mirror of pop culture,” she said. “Since Drag Race, we are pop, the tastemakers, and pop girlies look to us for inspiration — much like Chappell Roan! All I can say is, goddess sees goddess, you know? Greatness sees greatness! Your favorite artist’s favorite artist, baby!”
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.