“I love classic beauty, but also I want to look a little weird all the time, just like something is off,” says pop singer Chappell Roan.
The 26-year-old rising star is known for her glitzy drag queen persona with vivid eyeshadow, sparkling corsets, bouncing red curls, and sometimes something even more out of the ordinary — like the prosthetic pig nose she wore to the Grammys afterparty.
Raised in conservative Willard, Mo., Roan didn’t feel like herself until she moved to Los Angeles and started playing with her style and creating music. Now, she’s opening for Olivia Rodrigo on the “Guts” world tour — it arrives at TD Garden for two sold-out shows Monday and Tuesday — while also headlining her own “Midwest Princess” tour.
Roan spoke to the Globe by phone mid-tour, delving into her visual aesthetic, why she isn’t listening to any music right now, and the frustrating writing process for her popular single “Casual,” from her debut album, “The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess.”
Q. How would you describe the vibe of your music?
Advertisement
A. I always say “slumber party pop” because it’s something that you listen to with all your friends, and then there’s always a girl that ends up crying at a slumber party, and then you all end up crying. There’s this girlhood vibe to it but also a deep, heavy, misplaced feeling.
Q. What about your drag queen persona?
A. I would say that it’s pretty campy. I just try to push the boundaries of what’s bold. I’m not doing anything too politically insulting, but I do like to make waves with what I can. I don’t want to be boring ever. I always want to be doing something that may raise a few eyebrows. I love the glitz and glam. I love maximalism.
Advertisement
A post shared by ･ﾟ: *✧ Chappell Roan ✧*:･ﾟ (@chappellroan)
Q. What has it been like touring with Rodrigo?
A. It’s been so magical. It’s genuinely the most perfect crowd I could ever play for because teenage girls rule the world, and they’re the best, most engaged audience I could ever ask for. They have no problem dancing and singing and just letting go of what it feels like as an adult to be too much at a concert. It’s the absolute best feeling to play in front of a crowd that I would have loved to be in when I was 15.
Q. What inspiration did you find in the music world at that age?
A. It was such a special time in pop. [Lady] Gaga had just come out with “The Fame Monster” when I was like 13, 14. Kesha was massive in eighth grade. Katy Perry had just dropped “Teenage Dream.” It truly was the pinnacle for teenage pop.
Q. I’m also a queer woman, and I identify with some of the challenges you get into in your music with fears about openly being with a woman when you grow up around people who don’t approve. Tell me more about how growing up in Missouri impacted your experience expressing your identities.
A. I just felt like I couldn’t express my identity. I also just pushed down everything because I was just like, “Oh, that’s not me. Other people are queer, but not me.” I didn’t really have any open queer friends. I was really freaked out by girls who were gay at summer camp because I was like, “Oh, that’s so weird.” But in reality, I think that most people who are queer think that at the beginning.
Advertisement
[My sexuality] couldn’t reveal itself until I left [Missouri] because I didn’t feel safe to express why it was there. But nowadays, I feel better. It doesn’t feel as monumental as I thought it was when I was 18.
Q. What music artists are you currently listening to when you’re writing?
A. I don’t listen to anyone right now. I can’t deal with music. It’s all I do every day. I know that’s a horrible answer, but I’m also just not writing. I don’t know how people write on the road. It’s impossible at this point in my career because I’m so exhausted.
What I do consume is like, I just watched the new “Mean Girls” last night, and I watch “[RuPaul’s] Drag Race” almost every day. We just watched “[The Adventures of] Priscilla, Queen of the Desert,” which is a drag movie from Australia, and “To Wong Foo, Thanks for Everything! Julie Newmar.” And I go to drag bars. I’m very much in the moment on tour.
Q. “Casual” is relatable to a lot of people who have been in confusing and frustrating situationships. What was the writing process like for this song?
A. The writing process was a pain in the ass, as it usually is. I wrote it in 2020, and it was only the chorus, and I could not figure out what the rest of the song was supposed to be. It took like two years to figure it out because I wanted it to be big, anthemic pop like “Red Wine Supernova,” and my co-writer Dan Nigro was like, “I don’t think it’s supposed to be like that.” And I was like, “Well then I don’t know what to do,” so it just stayed in the vault for a long time. But in the end, he was right.
Advertisement
Q. In the accompanying music video, your partner is portrayed as a siren who has already lured four men to their death. Why did you decide to show the relationship in this way?
A. The classic siren lore is that she lures sailors to their death by her beauty and her song. But what would she do with a woman? Would she lure her to her death? The answer is no. But she’s by design meant to have a casual relationship. So when [my] character builds this room for her to live in like, “Please, move in with me. I’ll take care of you, siren,” she’s just like, “No, that’s not who I am.” So it was just doomed to be casual.
Q. In “My Kink Is Karma,” you talk about wanting your ex to crash their car and break their heart. Have any of your exes gotten their karma for treating you badly?
A. My exes have given me some pretty stellar song concepts that I can fill an arena with, so it’s pretty good karma.
Interview was edited and condensed for clarity.
Maddie Browning can be reached at maddie.browning@globe.com.
Digital Access
Home Delivery
Gift Subscriptions
Log In
Manage My Account
Customer Service
Delivery Issues
Feedback
News Tips
Help & FAQs
Staff List
Advertise
Newsletters
View the ePaper
Order Back Issues
News in Education
Search the Archives
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Terms of Purchase
Work at Boston Globe Media
Internship Program
Co-op Program
Do Not Sell My Personal Information